{"review": "i came here with a friend to get a manicure . i got a nail technician named john . he seemed pretty nice and accommodating with what i wanted with my nails ; however , not even 10 minutes in he got up and left and told someone else to do my nails just because i simply asked if he was going to clean the cuticles around my nails . i have never experienced just a ride encounter before . no one came to do my nails so i just sat waiting for my friend to finish . never coming back and would not recommend to my friends .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a few days ago , i went here for the first time and got a acrylic gel mani.. i was not 100 % happy.. the end result looked okay but service was not the greatest.. my nail tech seemed as if he was rushing the entire time and told me it was an extra fee for almond or oval nails until i finally opted for square . for the price , i expected to get my hands massaged and assumed he would do my cuticles.. ( my friend got a mani that day too and she got oval nails , her hands massaged , and her cuticles done for nothing additional ) .. lastly , before he was about to rush outside to smoke his cigarette , i had to remind him about the free paraffin wax treatment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have been opened for a few days now and i 'm really excited about it ! this salon was very airy , spacious and clean ! the service i received was exceptional ! when i walked in tiffany introduced herself to me as the manager , offered me water and went over all of the services they offered . she did try to up-sell me a little but was very tasteful in doing so . i was seated in one of their eight pedi chairs and was introduced to another gentlemen to help me . the same gentlemen then gave me a mani . i thought he did a great job and was very efficient - i was in and out of there in less than an hour ! bella mia is reasonably priced : a classic pedi was $ 25 and a regular mani was $ 15 . before i left tiffany mentioned that they 're giving 30 % off services for the next few weeks so if you 're planning on getting your nails done now would be a great time to do so !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i been looking for a nail place for months , i was about to drive to my old nail salon because i was running out of options when the good lord made me stop at a red light on rainbow and warm springs . i saw a sign for $ 5 off . i walked in , the place was very clean and ben approached me , i showed him a picture of what i wanted and he delivered . he made my hour enjoyable , kept me laughing loved him and my nails came out awesome ! ! than tiffany gave me a lip and eyebrow wax . she did a great job as well , very fast at waxing yet took her time . i finally found my new spot ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always come here ( probably between 15-20 times ) and not once have i had anything but perfection ! they are so nice remember every client and do great designs . i go from wild chrome nails , long stiletto , to friend tips and the create them without even missing a beat ! i will be a life long fan of bella mia !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give no stars if i could . i came and had my nails done by tiffany and it was great but not even 24 hours later the chrome polish i tried for $ 15 more rubbed off . so i return to the salon to get it fixed . i say i do n't want the chrome anymore if it will just do this again and i want my money back and just want regular polish . manager ben tells me that it does n't matter and he will let me change the color and not charge me ! like wait your polish is messed up i paid extra for it and now you are telling me that i ca n't get my money back and you where going to charge me ? dont go here ! manager is awful ! owner tiffany was great she should consider new management . update : it has been one week and my regular gel polish is chipping ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! i 've only gone twice so far , but i got ta say i 've never had such great customer service from a nail place before . tiffany specifically is wonderful , and i plan to get my nails done by her from now on . if you 're looking for a reliable , friendly nail place at an affordable price , this is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place vas very clean had liners in there spa did amazing work if you were n't satisfied they would re do it . they are are n't blast priced either . very comfortable . would go again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . third time . so clean . pedicure . so comfortable . they are nice people . please come . they are the best in this area for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is great because it 's near my house and it 's not that busy of a complex so there 's always parking . their service is really good too . i have gotten my manis done by bebe and tiffany , and my pedis done by bebe and johnny . all done really well . even the male mani turned out good . they even have a rewards system and coupons for discounts ! definitely a loyal customer here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! best service i 've had at a nail salon..everyone was so friendly and made you feel welcomed..tiffany is such a sweetheart with a great personality . this is my new nail salon and will recommend to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best service , super clean and so friendly ! ! it 's so hard to find a good nail place in vegas , i decided to take a chance with them once they opened and i 've been hooked ever since !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bebe is amazingggg ! my go to place ! you wo n't regret it ! great atmosphere and customer service ! definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the best ever pedicure by jennifer the owner . her experience and use of her nail tools relieved my in-grown nail pain in minutes . and the cost was minimal . be sure to tip her graciously because she deserves it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so nice they did a terrific job a must try . my nail tech was friendly and courteous . the decor is upscale and they have stations for both nails and pedicures . they also do eyebrow waxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time coming here , i like that they take their time and make sure it looks good ! does n't seem like they are rushing ! coming again forsure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new , clean and excellent service ! service was timely but did n't feel rushed . prices are reasonable-slightly less than others in nearby area . also , received a first time discount and complimentary paraffin hand wax with gel manicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend went here one day with her friend and they both came out super happy with their manicures . seeing that smile on her face was enough for me to give this place a 5 star rating . her nails turned out amazing as well felt very good on my skin haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my dear new friend paul , thank you so much for taking care of my feet ! bella mia is a new and yet beautiful salon to take care of you ! i came in with my daughter to get ourselves pampered and they did an amazing job . i even had to leave and come back for services because i was crushed for time . the staff here were very respectful and understanding . something i have n't seen in a salon in a long time , oh vegas ! i will establish myself here as their newest resident and can not wait to come back for more pampering ! thank you bella mia ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best nail salon in southwest vegas ! their customer service is amazing . i was n't even having a great day but i needed my nails done for an event and they made my experience very desirable . bebe did my manicure and she was so detailed and patient with my nails . they are beyond beautiful . she listened to me and got my nails exactly they way i wanted them . also the salon itself was so clean . i 'm definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tifany has great skills and very nice . i i 'll definitely coming back . everything was very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not only clean and pretty it has very talented techs ! i had the new dip powder on my first visit it did n't work out how i wanted . i came back and ben made sure i got gel and i was happy ! john did my nails and because , i like natural nails and have to keep them short for work he did an amazing job ! very clean no mess on the cuticle just sheer perfection with the polish application he also did a beautiful pedicure ! thank you so much go see goofy ben he 's hilarious ! and master john", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice and serene atmosphere , got $ 5 off for my nails and they came out perfect ! definitely will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bb is the best ! i waited to write this review until i 've been here more than once and each time is superb ! she really takes the time to cut down your cuticles and scrub your feet ! seriously wo n't go elsewhere for a pedi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update - had an an awesome pedicure by tiffany ! ! she is so wonderful and put so much work into it i will definitely be back more ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , this nail salon is pretty good ! i called first for pricing and got a clear response . they scheduled me an appointment and took me in right away when i came in . the nail technician , john did a great job and fulfilled everything i wanted in my manicure . ben was very personable and makes sure to make his customers smile . this place is fairly new and so far , it looks like it 's heading in a good direction !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jacqueline is amazing here at bella mia . she was so accommodating and nice . she did an great job on my full set . the pedicure i received was the best . i will be going back . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salon is clean . the ladies are nice . they offer an array of pedi mani services as well as eyelash extensions . reasonable prices . tiffany is great . love my nails . second time and will be a continued customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since day one coming to this nail salon it been professional and also very welcoming . no matter what time of day or the day it comes is very professional with the timing of making the appointment or walk in . since day one i 've love keeping coming back and getting the same service every time coming in each time . the people who work here are very nice and professional . coming here is a worth the money and the drive on this side of town . the prices in the business is a decent prices for any one of a budget or needs to get pamper for them self . i would not go anywhere else other than this place . is worth to keeping coming back for the service and the prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting a facial and it was amazing thanks to tracy ! ! ! ! ! i will most definitely be coming back ! great work for an even better price ! ! ! also shout out to tiffany for the gorgeous new set ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer here ! ! i called and made an appt for 630pm for me and my daughter.. i was willing to wait.. we both patiently waited to do our mani & pedi.. the salon closed at 7pm.. the staff ended up staying back to get our services done . we left by 8:35pm.. thank you so much for the staff who accommodated us ! also they gave $ 5 off the bill ! we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , friendly , relaxing . i love this place . they are literally next door to my house and i 'm so grateful to have found this place . good prices with constant promotions going on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience here ! john was the technician i had doing my nails and he was awesome ! super friendly and very thorough on my gel mani pedi . he introduced me to sns gel powder which i am in love with ! i can not wait to go back and see him when it 's time for my next mani pedi ! everyone is really sweet and the environment is super relaxing and clean ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first impressions mean a lot . this place had great customer service from the start to finish . love my pedi and will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone is so sweet and kind ! they always take their time and do such a great job , never have i ever not been satisfied with their work . love this place so much , definitely my favorite out of any places i 've gone to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loving my nails from bella mia ! tiffany was so sweet and did such a great job ! you can tell she actually cares about what you want . i also noticed while being in there that she wo n't allow the salon to be overbooked to make sure people are n't waiting long periods of time , which is awesome ! i 'll be coming back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ben helped me when i visited , he did an amazing job with my nails and i 'm so happy that he was the one who helped me . he 's very kind hearted and hard working . he makes sure that you are comfortable and works hard to make sure that you 're getting what you 're paying for . i will always come back for his service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just have to say this place is marvelous . it was late when i came in , service was nice and quick . they are doing what appears to be nightly cleaning and they are disinfecting the pedicure bowls . this is a wonderful sight as we often hope places do , but never know . please come and check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy this place because it is very serene . the deluxe pedicure includes 2 hot stones for $ 35 . the place is a boutique , luxury styled salon and they play relaxing music . no tv 's , loud conversations , people on their cell phones , or technicians talking over guests . and , i can walk here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john and binh are great . i take my mom with me every two weeks and no matter who does our nails we are always very pleased . the chairs are super comfortable and the atmosphere is quiet and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just purchased a nice , clean vehicle.rick was great ! very professional . thanks auto action", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted a fuel-friendly car and selected a cross-over type car . very pleased . mark definitely gets his role ... no pressure and lots of laid back confidence . i would have preferred a manual transmission , but i 'm more than pleased\u200b with my purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a car ? an good used vehicle ? go see joe ambagis at auto action ... he took great care of me , got the car i wanted with financing that i could afford.. just ask for joe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "um i totally missed out on this place being cool . i swear it used to be , but at that time i was too busy going to the dance cave . and then when i finally did get to wreck room ... well , womp womp . the music was crap , the crowd was super young and not so much a `` crowd '' as a few other people , and they gave me a hard time about using an expired passport as id . the security guard actually argued with me that it was n't valid id ! um if the lcbo takes it and the government says it 's valid for non-traveling purposes , then guess who i 'm going to believe ? ? ? also , i 'm almost 30 so stfu stupid door man !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to start , this place is dark ! ! ! ! bring a flashlight . okay that might be a stretch , but it is very dark , i saw a show here on saturday night with a bunch of amateur bands ( the dangerous summer ) and the show was great , the place had okay drink deals , but nothing stood out to me in terms of the venue . was n't attracting a lot of people and the staff was n't doing much to rectify that . good show , but i 'd never go back unless a band i really liked was playing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . why ? 1. huge dance floor 2. lots of places to sit if you want to rest for a bit 3. awesome staff 4. nice washrooms 5. convenient location 6. casual , friendly place 7. great place to just dance now that it 's turning into the new footwork , i would guarantee good music every night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very pleased to find golden palace through yelp . to know that it 's in my neighbourhood and it has such high reviews is reassuring . i was not disappointed . the order was ready for pick up exactly when they said it would be which is a great first impression . we ordered the dinner for 3 ( a ) and lemon chicken and we were stuffed before we even finished half of it . everything was so delicious but i 'll talk about two dishes inparticular . the beef with 7 vegetables was very delicious . it was not your standard beef and vegetables , it had a unique , dare i say , authentic flavour . i highly recommend it . the chicken chow mein also had a unique flavour that you probably wo n't find at any other chinese restaurant . again , highly recommended . to be honest i haven dived into the lemon chicken yet but i look forward to doing so . i also look forward to ordering from them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow what a waste of $ 16 . ordered the seafood pad thai i got two shrimps , that i spit out ( and i love shrimp ) you can tell they were old , two muscles and three pieces of squid . the sauce was only siarachi hot sauce . just all around gross ... ..never again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered 12 spring rolls , chicken balls and 2 beef dishes ... i can say i have never had spring rolls that i could wring the grease out , bravo . i do n't believe putting 12 spring rolls , and 6 chicken balls right from the fryer into a paper bag and nothing more , was the best idea . the only thing i can say is that the delivery guy is super quick cause the oil dripping from the bag was still super hot and almost burnt myself , a+ for him . will never be order from these guys again , unless i feel like getting 2nd degree burns on my next new years .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't know why anyone said they could be pleased with this place . the initial phone call to pick up in person was rude . sounded like the wife owner was taking out her anger on lack of business on her customers . we only ordered because i was starving . ordered a combination plate , chicken and vegetables . it 's funny how they define 'vegetables ' = huge , nasty chunks of onion . makes up 90 % of the main . the egg roll tastes like it was infused with old chinese herbal medicine . the shrimp rolls tasted like fried bread . the chicken fried rice was my salvation . sorry golden palace , never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well i was really expecting a delicious meal but was greatly disappointed from the beginning . we were tourists had food delivered to our room . the man was polite . but as we got the food inside the bag the sauces had exploded all over our food and made everything wet and sticky . there was no utensils inside the bag for us to eat the dishes . we ordered egg rolls and got spring rolls instead . and they were n't that good . tasty bad . i ordered ginger chicken and the breaded was so overcooked it was really hard . and chewy . and there was hardly any chicken . in them . i will say the food was hot . bonus . and the sauce in the dish was good . but is n't that the easy part ? ? ? i was n't impressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these people are so rude . you call to order exactly what you need and they act like you 're a burden on them . if you do n't want to be in business to please your guests , then do n't run a business ! there are plenty of other bakeries in this town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yummy , this was my first ( but by far , not my last ) visit to pincus bakery . i love a small neighborhood bakery and this place fits the bill . i stopped in yesterday and purchased the most delicious kolachky cookies that i 've ever eaten . i am an avid baker and a bit of a snob when it comes to baked goods , so i know my kolachky cookies ! these cookies came in various flavors . i opted for a mix of raspberry , cheese , apricot and walnut . the pastry , which i 'm sure was cream cheese , was flaky and delicate . the cookies had just the right amount of filling and the sweetness level was just right . they were not uniform in size , which means they were definitely homemade . the staff was great , very friendly . i ca n't wait to return to try some of their other offerings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what they could do better or worse , great bakery items . staff is friendly enough . while i can `` tell the difference '' between bread cookies from here and from giant eagle i 'm not sure it 's worth the inconvenience for me . pincus is a bit of a drive and does n't take credit cards . given that the cookies are $ 1.50+ that adds up quick when you 're buying for more than yourself . all in all , i 'd recommend it for anyone that 's in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a tear came to my eye when i saw the `` for rent '' sign . this is the only place in the world that makes my favorite cookie correctly . now , where will i get a soft chinese almond cookie with a perfect blob of chocolate icing ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now , and each time they 've been super friendly , gave my son cookies and won his affection , and best of all have a great product . perfect neighborhood bakery . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have coconut bars ! ! and the ever elusive prune danish ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a tissot pr50 in 2009 and it recently ran out of batteries . i still had the little booklet that i got that listed official service providers and helvetia was the only one in montreal . i called them on monday to ask their hours , and they said 9-5 on weekdays . they have moved to suite 109 in the same building . i went there this tuesday morning and got the watch battery replaced in 15 minutes . i am happy with the service , the hardest thing was just finding their place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my grandmother gave me my grandfathers tissot watch , which she gave him in 1972 . when she gave it to me , it was in need of cleaning and service . i found this business , where hans , the proprietor offered to service the watch with his horologist expertise for a price of $ 250 . they were to do the following : 1. replace the crown 2. apply luminescence to the dial 3. buff the scratches off of the glass 4. oil the interior 5. clean and inspect the rest of the watch in the end , they did not replace the crown or repair the identified issue with the calendar gear as the components required are no longer available ... but , it still cost me $ 250 . over all , i am satisfied , and i would recommend this establishment for watch repair . they are a tissot certified repair center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all of my friends go to mario , so he came highly recommended , and did n't disappoint . he kept me updated and informed . he finished my car quickly and for the price he quoted ( actually a little cheaper , i think ) i felt like he was honest and reliable . he replaced two of my motor mounts ( upper and lower ) and my fan assembly . ellen was very easy to talk to and explained everything to me . i hope i do n't need to go back soon , but if anything happens to my car i will definitely bring it back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to mario for years now . i have had several friends go to him and family , he is great and honest . i have never had a problem with his work and he is always up font with me . i am sorta a more demanding customer but he is the only one i trusted with my 93 gt , he has worked one several of my cars and i continue to recommend him and still go to him when i need work done . thank for all the great service mario .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you performance plus for professionalism and timely service . i took my '06 toyota tundra in to get my alternator replaced . got it back within a couple hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mein erster eindruck vom rohbau ist sehr positiv . die location ist sicherlich kein geheimtipp mehr , aber das ist okay . es ist klein und auch voll aber das st\u00f6rt nicht . die besucher sind breit gemischt und haben einen guten altersschnitt . die musik ist super und wohl nichts f\u00fcr die meisten 18 j\u00e4hrigen . wer 80er und 90er mag ist hier richtig ( gibt aber auch vereinzelt hits von heute ) . die drinks sind echt gut und auch nicht \u00fcberteuert . den rohbau kann ich sehr empfehlen , die stimmung ist einfach super und werde selbst ganz sicher wieder hingehen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die lokation war ok , die stimmung klasse und die leute alle durchweg angenehm . wenn man auf einen heissen barabend aus ist und keinen wert auf gute und g\u00fcnstige drinks legt , ist der rohbau erste wahl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zwischen 12 und 4 uhr in der regel knall voller laden mit lockeren leuten , guter stimmung und jede menge drinks . wenn der dj manchmal seine k\u00fcnstlerische ader zuhause liese und etwas tanzbarer spielen w\u00fcrde , w\u00e4r 's noch besser . aber man kann ja nicht alles haben .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "among my friends , this place is one of our most favorite bar clubs to go to . here the average age will range between 26-45 . the majority of people i would say in the mid 30 's . the music is 80 's , 90 's , 00 's . there is dancing , full bar , and these two open dance boxes that can be reserved and fit up to 8 people for special occasions like birthdays or celebrations . the staff behind the bar is great and very friendly , despite how busy and packed the place is . if you do n't like crowed jam packed places , this is not the place for you . but because of its special nature having older music and just a fun time , you will see that it is packed on the weekends . you also definitely wont see younger teens at this place , or hear rap or electronic here , which is a nice change for when you want something different . this place is a blast , we love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nachfolger des legend\u00e4ren switzerlands am kleinen schlossplatz vom architekten und gestronomen markus ames\u00f6der . die paar mal die ich drin war hats mir gut gefallen . mittlerweile isses wohl am wochenende so propevoll wie \u00fcberall an der theodor-heuss-strasse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich war letzte nacht zum ersten mal da drin . davor sind wir zu viert an zwei verschiedenen orten gewesen , wo uns die musik \u00fcberhaupt nicht zusagte . im rohbau war 's dann aber super ! war etwas schwer , dort reinzukommen , weil 's wirklich extrem voll war , aber mit drei m\u00e4dels dabei ging 's dann doch . die stimmung drinnen war echt super ! bis 3 uhr war 's noch total voll . umfallen war unm\u00f6glich . tanzen war allerdings teilweise auch etwas schwer . hat sich aber vollkommen gelohnt , dort hinzugehen . leider scheinen das schon viele zu wissen . als wir gegen 3 uhr rauskamen , gab 's sogar immer noch ne schlange drau\u00dfen . aber immerhin war das t\u00fcrsteher nett und auch f\u00fcr den einen oder anderen spa\u00df zu haben .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "musik meistens klasse . brechend voll aber so ist das halt mit clubs , die einen guten ruf genie\u00dfen . der ruf wird sich aber bald \u00e4ndern denn jetzt wird in dem laden pfand verlangt . so sparen die sich den abr\u00e4umer . was kommt als n\u00e4chstes ? darf ich mein bier selber zapfen ? gerne , aber dann muss sich das auch bei den preisen bemerkbar machen . wenn ich in einen club gehe erwarte ich einen gewissen service , und dazu geh\u00f6rt eben auch das abr\u00e4umen der gl\u00e4ser .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bar , musik f\u00fcr jeden , stylisches ambiente , himbeer daiquieries ... aber : ich war fr\u00fcher ein leidenschaftlicher fan des rohbau . leider hat sich der rohbau vom wahren insider zum marco polo insider tipp entwickelt . das bedeutet , das gott und die welt in den laden str\u00f6men . der laden ist meist ab 1 uhr total \u00fcberf\u00fcllt . tanzen leider nur mit ellenbogen m\u00f6glich . der erfolg ist nun leider auch dem personal zu kopf gestiegen , was man vor allem beim t\u00fcrsteher sp\u00fcrt . so wird man selbst als stammgast dumm von der seite angeschaut . vielleicht wird der rohbau aber auch irgendwann einfach wieder ein richtiger insider : - ) was bleibt ? das wiederentdecken l\u00e4ngst vergessener bars . so habe ich das suite 212 wieder sehr lieb gewonnen . es ist unweit des rohbau und deutlich gr\u00f6\u00dfer und ger\u00e4umiger . dazu aber mehr in einem anderen beitrag .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "f\u00fcr partyhungrige menschen \u00fc30 ist der rohbau wohl die einzige adresse auf der theodor-heuss-stra\u00dfe . allerdings ist es ab 12 fast immer zu voll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered from here last night and felt like i ruined a meal . granted , i only had the pad thai , but it was awful . felt like over salted brown coloured noodle stir-fry . very disappointing . maybe other things are great on the menu , but i will never eat here again based on their pad thai .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after being a paying customer for years : waited for two hours for my order , called , called gain , then they notified us they will not be delivering because we `` cancelled the order '' . we obviously did n't . they 're ridiculous , nobody should treat a customer like that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered delivery from this place last night . my boyfriend got bad food poisoning from his chicken dish ( vomiting ) . i thankfully did n't get sick because my dish did n't contain meat . they also made a mistake in our order . it took 40 minutes for the correct dish to arrive , after we called . ( i live close by ) this place probably just gets customers because they deliver at late hours . i 'm only giving it 1 star to comment . this place deserves 0 stars . intoxication alimentaire . ( mauvais poulet ) restaurant \u00e0 \u00e9viter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can concur with adam z. putrid diarrhea post consumption . food is meh . wo n't be ordering again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i often order a dinner for two once per week because it comes with enough food for 3 days and it saves me the hassle of having to cook on a work night . the last 3 times i have ordered i have needed to call them back after my order was delivered because my bag was missing something that i ordered . not only that but the quality of the food changes from day to day . the last toe times i have had serious diarrhea afterwards and can officially confirm that it is their food : ( i will no longer be ordering their cheap food : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place , love the staff , love my results ! the staff are very experienced and knowledgable . and come to find out , the girl who did my injections here , was actually the instructor previously to the nurse who had been doing my injections elsewhere before . i 'm a bit sensitive with facial injections , and they took steps to ensure it was as painless as possible . i 'm very pleased with my switch and recommend them all the time to friends and family now", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice staff but the hair removal does hurt , ouch", "score": "3"}
{"review": "spent soooooo so much money here . such a shame . i had a scheduled appt , showed up , and no one was there . they went bankrupt and did n't give two dimes about their customers . just kept trying to sell and sell even up to the day . crooks . i hope the owners will live with the guilt and shame forever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am currently receiving the zerona treatment along with the laser hair removal and i could n't be more satisfied . the staff is so knowledgeable and walked me through everything necessary to have a successful outcome , especially with the zerona there are a lot of things that need to be done to make sure results happen . the girls are so professional and always on time . i give them an a+ ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the staff is wonderful and they make you feel totally comfortable ! they know what their doing and will answer any questions you possibly have ; i had a ton ! laser treatment is n't a peach but it 's fast and totally worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "girls here are nastttty ! ! seems like all the reject strippers end up here.. girls are far from even pretty . buttface , hood rats with no class . been here a few times to waste time and it 's never busy . its a reasonably sized place and ive never seen more than 7-10 people in here . girls here definitely do more than dance in the back and i 've seen it , so im not talking out my ass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just ok is n't ok so i was n't very complimentary before in my review so like a good researcher i went back a few more times and visited other clubs in mississauga . clubs in this area are really brothels with stripper poles . so if you want a beautiful dancer go somewhere else . if you want a bj and lips are more important than age or beauty airport strip might be a good place . last time i was there i asked the bartender where all the women were and she said she was the only one there . i 've never seen more than five women there . i do n't know how they stay open unless the odd party does the trick . cops drop by so be careful about what you 're doing and maybe park at burger king so the cops are randomly running your plates . or better yet just try another club . there 's plenty of better places and the airport strip and millionaires are likely two of the worst .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome place . ca n't wait to hit it up again with my boys . sexiest girls i 've ever seen . amy i miss you and those legs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a good office depot . you have a lot of good employees asking you at every turn if you need any help . lucky for them i really was just browsing . i found my mechanical pencils and moved on . on a side note , christopher lowell is one of the seven signs of the design apocalypse . his bald head is plastered all around this store . heed my warnings , not only is he evil but he can not design his way out of a coloring book !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there the other night . nobody wan na help . even when i finally got somebody to help , he did not no anything and gave me wrong answers . finally , i wanted to buy a wide format printer , they did not have any in the stock . they kept saying we will have shipped to your address . hint if i wanted it shipped i would n't have been here . i will never go back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after several bad experiences , i wo n't be back . there 's a single employee who was always overly friendly towards me . i did n't think much of it -- maybe he thought i was cute . it was flattering , for the most part , if a little aggressive . i showed up one day with a male friend and instantly his attitude changed . he 's been cold , rude , and short the times i 've come in since , treating me like i 'm an idiot or somehow offensive to him even though i 've been perfectly polite . i 've worked in retail and i do n't want to screw up someone 's job , but his behavior has been absolutely unacceptable on enough occasions that i do n't want to risk running into him again . i hate to leave a bad review when other employees have been perfectly friendly and professional , but i 'm not sure how else to voice my frustration without calling his manager and sounding like a shrill , whiny jerk . hopefully there is n't anyone else he 's treated like crud .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "though only an occasional customer , this office depot has saved my butt a couple times . the first time was when i needed a very specific copy job done very quickly . the associate who helped me was helpful and did a nice job . more recently , i desperately needed to return an online purchase . the ups store near my workplace closes daily at 6:30pm and has limited weekend hours . however , the ups alliance location inside this office depot is open until 9pm monday-saturday and 6pm sunday . so useful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saturday night early dinner with friends , food & service spot on , could n't be faulted . loved the wine list and also found it reasonable in price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rudean 's is located on the west side of charlotte , very well known to the locals as ms. rudean once had a club in the area also . for the longest time i thought the restaurant was a club ( i think it still is on the weekend ) and never knew they actually sold food until hearing wgiv broadcast live for breakfast . i thought i would drop by to test the waters ... ... if you will : - ) the baked chicken , mac n cheese and greens were n't the best nor the worst i 've ever had , but nothing that will have me in a rush to return . i did enjoy talking to the owner and the staff while i was there , they made me feel like i was back home ... ... ... an old school vibe to this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great place to visit and see how the locals do it ! the food was awesome ... true southern style ! prepared directly in front of you while you wait . i was surprised to hear how long this place has been around , as i 've lived in charlotte nearly two years before finding out about it . i tell everyone i know about it , make sure to check this spot out ... soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! ! first time here and i 'm sad that i waited this long to go . i ordered to go food with some friends and ended up sitting at the counter and it was like we have a crowd of friends within 5 mins . the wings are off the chain ! ! ! ! and the sweet tea is amazing ! ! ! get here before they close this place for good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not often that you find a craft coffee spot where people are ordering magics and cortados that also happily ( and kindly ) serves excellent tea . this is but one of the many ways redhawk is a refreshing departure from the norm . i spend a lot of time in coffee shops , even though i 'm allergic to coffee , and it can get real depressing drinking plain water or subpar , overly sweet chai whilst my companions swoon about their single origin brews . not so at redhawk ! the fine folks here have a laudable selection of tea and did n't bat an eye when i asked for the vanilla rooibos to be turned into a tea latte . thank you redhawk for making my stay in pittsburgh extra lovely . i will miss your tea lattes when i head back home to san francisco !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the good fortune of enjoying redhawk via their truck at the wedding of some dear friends . ( for future reference : coffee truck + typical pittsburgh cookie table = solid wedding dessert decision ) . i loved their vietnamese cold brew coffee , and had to go back for last call for a hazelnut latte , both of which were absolutely delicious . i have stopped by their storefront for a quick morning coffee but have n't had the chance to linger . excited to enjoy more of their menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome new coffee place . we have lots of coffee shops around here already , but this place is my new favorite . a little pricey but worth every penny . i never get a place to sit , so adding more seating would be good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best local option in oakland . good atmosphere and great customer service . very minimalistic but that 's the draw . coffee is great and so is the espresso , would recommend a shot in the dark ( black coffee with a shot of espresso ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to put it plain and simple , best cappuccino i 've had in the us ! i 'm visiting pittsburgh from the bay area on my way to moving back to amsterdam , where i come from . i 've had a lot of coffee in many different places and the cappuccino i had at redhawk is at the top of the list ! just make sure you drink it from ceramic and not from a paper cup ; ) ( you american 's ... ) the vibe of the place is also great , a neighborhood coffee shop as it should be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cold brew is like rocket fuel . it 's my favorite in town . the atmosphere is great . the owner is a pleasure to chitchat with . if you 're in oakland and need caffeine , this is your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tiny coffee house , but outstanding coffee and service . i got a cappuccino . while it was not super hot , it was thick and delicious . there are three tables and an additional row of bar chairs on a wall counter . many people were taking their coffee to go , but you can easily sit , if you want to hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and awesome location . try their cold brew ! served in a nice glass bottle and totally on point ! will definitely visit again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this coffee was so good ! i got the cold brew which comes in a glass bottle . a little pricey but it is so smooth . there was no need for any type of milk creamer . the only downside is that there is n't much seating so it 's more of a grab and go type coffee shop . it 's also a little hidden and if you do n't know where you 're going , you may miss it ! ( hint : it 's next to the donut shop . ) i 'll surely be back . the parking situation is metered street parking . it 's fine if you work or live in the area , then you can just walk and not have to deal with that hassle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before redhawk , there was no decent coffee in oakland . i stop in here most afternoons for an espresso . the coffee is fantastic , and the staff is really friendly . great spot to do a little work ( though not so much for the whole day , since they do n't have a ton of seating , and it 's more of a coffee shop where people come to chat with colleagues ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant little standalone coffee shop that 's open and that 's near pitt campus ftw ? no , but actually this is probably the first of its own that 's actually very accessible to students between classes . though it 's a bit on the small side ( hard to find a seat when it 's busy full ) , this place serves up some legit coffee . tried a vietnamese cold brew since i found the name intriguing and it 's as good as it gets . as cold brew implies , it skimps on the cream & sugar but i found such more than satisfying and one of the better cold brews i 've had in recent history . they also sell your standard fare of espresso-based drinks , pastries , and oh did i mention ... ice cream sandwiches ( leona 's ) , which not only come in interesting flavors but is rather dope in taste as well . perfect place for getting a cup of joe . would highly recommend a visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their coffee was good ! the only downside was it 's not that many seats not that spacious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic beans . not really a sit-down coffee shop , but there are plenty of those in oakland already . redhawk is the place for delicious espresso .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice people who run this establishment . get the hot chocolate with a shot of hazelnut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this pace for a nice beverage before heading over to hillman library . the owner of the restaurant was very polite and the shop itself had a nice small town atmosphere . i ordered a regular latte and it was absolutely delicious . an awesome perk about this place is that they do latte art ! the only thing i wished they had was some sort of rewards system , but this place is very new so they may come up with one later . however great coffee and i will be back without a doubt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad this place just opened up on campus as a new alternative to starbucks ! i stopped in yesterday for an iced latte to go . the owners are very friendly and the cafe , while small , is nicely decorated and there is enough seating tables there if you want to settle in and get some work done . they also have fresh pastries from la gourmandine in lawrenceville which is a huge plus : ) the coffee was really delicious and they even used fresh milk straight from a milk jar ! it was just strong enough without being bitter , and the prices are pretty fair as well . i will definitely be making this my go-to for coffee in oakland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local coffee shop to patronize . i was on business in town from milwaukee and found this location . got some excellent coffee from the counterman and told me really enjoys working there . it will be my go to place in the future if i was a local this place would be jammed with neighborhood customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried redhawk coffee for the first time when they were giving out free coffee from their truck on election day . went to the new location this morning since it 's very close to my dorm . the employees were very friendly and attentive , the coffee is delicious , and the setting is very quaint . nice little coffee shop . go support a local business and try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cornell community centre is definitely a welcome addition to the neighbourhood . with the increase of population in the new subdivisions , this is about time city of markham adds more facilities for the residents in the area . full fitness centre ( requires membership ) , group fitness room ( city sponsored fitness classes ) , swimming pool , running track , multi use gymnastic area that have drop in sport programs for all ages , children playground and group and even a special area for older adults . the only thing missing maybe is a skating rink , but there are markham cc , angus glen cc if you want to go leisure skate . the building is nicely design and just need some finishing touches . ample parking at least for now , i have to wait till everything running then i will know .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely community centre . very modern , bright and spacious building . i typically use the library , pool and children 's programs . i took points off for the following reasons : the pool decks are not always as clean as the could be . i come here with my kids for swimming , as do many families , and i 'm not sure how often the change areas are cleaned . the snack bar in the building is not the greatest . i 've only ever tried their baked goods but those always taste stale to me . have not yet tried their prepared food . parking is free if you get your ticket validated indoors , which is easy to do . overall it 's a nice place and a beloved addition to our community !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service when booking and having my son 's birthday party in the playgym . the party room is big and everyone complimented the cleanliness and location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually packed on weekends and after 7 , which sucks if you are working . limited machines and racks , so if you are planning on squat day , make sure to do it in the mornings or just a bit before it 's closing . no complaint about the staff . they are always helpful and friendly . the price here is way too much . closes before 10 on weekdays ( mon to thurs ) . if you are looking for a fitness centre , look somewhere else unless it 's walking distance from your house ( which for me it is ) . they do have other facilities that are included but the price is not worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice clean facilities ! ! lots of wide open space . they could use more seating area near the pool viewing area , but they have the seating in the upper level . coffee snack shop available ! ! nice touch . lots of parking in the parking garage . some spots are tight due to some drivers who have problems parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lashawn is amazing ! ! ! one of the nicest hairstylists i 've ever met and she made my hair look fabulous ! ! ! i will continue to go back to her everytime i need color touch-ups and extension touch-ups . i recommend her to anyone and everyone and her prices are affordable and well worth every dollar spent ! my hair has never looked this beautiful before , i am so happy ! ! thank you so much lashawn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i adore lashawn , not only personally- but professionally as well . she does such a great job with my blonde hairs , but she 's a great communicator to find out exactly what you want . additionally , i feel she 's ethical . my previous hair dresser told me i had to buy new extensions every three months and i could only use one type of extension for my hair . not the case . instead , lashawn talked with me about my options and we have a long term to keep extensions in my hair for a longer period of time that 's healthy and not breaking the bank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lashawn is awesome ! ! she truly listens and recommends what will look good . it is hard to find someone who consistently does an excellent job , but lashawn does ! ! she has colored my hair twice and i loved it . her prices are fair and she wants you to be satisfied before you leave . i have been going for over a year . will never change or go to another stylist . thanks lashawn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just have to say lashawn is the best ! she has been doing my hair for a few years now . she is sweet , professional and most importantly great at what she does ! i definitely recommend her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was friendly and attentive without being intrusive -- an ideal balance . the friend i met for dinner here had been here many times before and usually ordered the meat dinner for two . we decided to try the vegetarian version this time . delicious ! the dhal was fabulous , as was the saag paneer . fresh naan and thick , not too sweet lassi . the kheer was similar -- rich , but not overly sweet . in all , a delicious meal ! we lucked out in being seated without a reservation , but the waiter seemed a little nonplussed at first , and we had an option of one of two tables , as all of the rest of them were reserved . so -- probably best to call ahead if you 're planning on coming for dinner . my one regret is that the dinner special was so enticing -- and delicious , and filling -- that i never got a chance to try the other tempting options on the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is 100 % based on the lunch buffet experience : -the food is foul . old leftovers- overpicked and not delicious . -the bread is stale -the selection is slightly pathetic compared to the queen street row of indian ayce lunch buffets . i 'd give this place another try to redeem themselves and becasue i trust that yelpers are n't completely wrong but i fidn it hard to believe that experience was not typical .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food and the best-looking waiters in toronto . got ta go there at least once a year . the only nepalese resto in town ( used to be , have n't heard of any others opening ) - so it 's interesting to compare the flavours to some of the north indian tastes in little india . stay away from the stinky traditional nepalese thing in the veggie combo - even some of the waiters say they ca n't stand the taste smell - kinda like you imagine sweaty sneakers would taste . overall , a really nice addition to the annex when it opened . still a reliable place for a pleasant meal in a clean resto . if you 've never had nepalese food , it is a bit of a must do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for dinner on a weekday and the live music was great , makes the experience much more enjoyable . the service was good and not too over-the-top . we loved the curry chicken , the garlic naan was good too , but i prefer regular naan . their spicy shrimp was very flavourful . the quality of the dishes was very high . the portions are much smaller than what i am used to at other indian places though and it 's a bit pricey too . overall , it was great though , i 'd come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place , especially since it 's about a thousand times better than the dreadful everest resto on queen west . they are not affiliated in any way but people still confuse the two because of the name . anyhow -this place actually offers real service and food that tastes amazing - what a concept ! the naan bread is perfectly fresh and everything we ordered was delicious . i ca n't believe this was the first place i 've tried baingan bharta ( eggplant curry ) ... definitely going back for more next time . the waitstaff are all friendly and make you feel relaxed . they even seem happy to work here , which is pretty cool . oh - and the bathrooms are sparkling clean . not that it 's the first thing on your list but i 'm just saying ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we waited for-ever . accompanied by a nepalese friend we were here to try the nepalese section of a mostly indian focused menu . the choyela chicken appetizer was fantastic ; nice to try a different spice flavor than the usual indian spices we 're now accustomed to . khasi ko maasu goat was the nepalese non-vegetarian entree i went with . the menu de-emphasizes meat and lists it second ; how dare they .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everest is probably my favorite restaurant in toronto . the service is great , the decor is contemporary and the food is superb . i highly recommend the aloo tama bodi , chicken momos , the lamb vindaloo , panir tikka and the chicken tikka masala . some of the best dining service i 've had and the food is unique and of high quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good nepalese food . the portions are a bit small so go for an appetizer to go along with your entree . went for a la cart dinner but they also have a lunch only buffet that looks like it 's worth checking out . there 's an extensive tandoori portion of the menu which looks very interesting . i will have to try that next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious well-priced food with an awesome location on bloor street shared several with five people , had saag lamb- amazing , very tender and perfectly cooked lamb chicken jalfrezi- excellent level of spice vegetable tandoori- great dish for sharing , comes steaming hot with a huge variety of vegetables and paneer , my fav things to order here shrimp jalfrezi- just as good at the chicken jalfrezi bhuteko cali- traditional vegetable dish from nepal , very well seasoned , reminded me of my travels in the kathmandu valley ! yes service is slow but i have been to nepal and service is way slower ( they make everything from scratch and multiple orders means long waits ) in that country so it 's a very traditional laid back dining atmosphere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , this review is based on my experience with the lunch buffet . on food alone , i would have rated 2 stars because it all seemed a little old at that point ( like it had been out for a while ) , but i came in at the end of lunch . the rest of the experience was great , though - it was a cheap meal , it was fast ( i was alone , eating on my way to a meeting ) and the service was unobtrusive but consistent . my water was always full and i had as much naan as i wanted . a note : a lady at a nearby table was complaining that the food was all too spicy . i am pretty spice-averse , and found everything to have heat but did n't mind it . so , if you 're like that lady and have a zero spice tolerance , beware . maybe do n't eat indian food though , you know ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while the service was very good and the decor was passable , the food at mt . everest left a lot to be desired . while the lunch buffet only cost $ 9.99 , the food was very , very average . there were two meat dished , a few vegetarian dishes , and a small salad bar , so there was some variety , but the quality left a lot to be desired . the meat dishes were dry and cooked carelessly - the pieces of chicken looked like they 'd been hacked at - and the veggies at the salad bar were dry and looked rather waxy . the only good dishes were the vegetarian ones , and while they tasted okay , it did n't feel like much care had been taken in their preparation . dinner , while much better , also came with a much steeper price tag . an order of tikka masala , rice , and naan set me back $ 16 , and the portions of tikka masala and rice were truly very small for the price tag .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dinner ; jan 15 , 2011 enjoyed a great meal with friends . the place was crowded and we waited 10 minutes ( around 8 pm ) my partner enjoyed the chicken vindaloo ... . way too spicy for me , but tasty ... the butter chicken was one of the best i have had and the lamb saag was perfectly balanced . do n't bother with the appetizers , just order extra naan or other type of bread . prices are decent the service impeccable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's been a few years since i last tasted the food from here . we did n't feel like going out the other day so we ordered for delivery . i could n't be any more pleased ! the came right away and everything was delicious ! i 'll be going back soon ! : ) their naan bread is to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food great service reasonably priced buffet ! sometimes they have a sitar guy playing . wooo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , um wow wow wow ! i have lived near this restaurant for 6 years and never bothered to go in..why , i have no idea..it 's a mystery . tonight , my husband and i ventured in , wanting to try something new out and let me just say , words can not express how utterly delicious tasting the food is here ! ! we selected the dinner for two and had plenty to eat , in fact , we overate , ensuring that there were no left overs . we ended our meal with amazing mango juice ... i 'm so stuffed , i almost feel ill but it was well worth it . the restaurant is moving elsewhere in the neighbourhood . wherever it ends up , i shall follow ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would like to make known that i was actually contacted by the owners because of my experience here . they are extremely professional , and i highly respect the way they choose to conduct their business . in the future , i will definitely choose to dine here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and son and i chose mt everest based on our location on bloor west and yelp reviews . the decor is clean and pleasant and we were greeted as soon as we came in . after our orders were taken , it took quite a while for our food to arrive and we were starting to get jittery . it was early for dinner , 4 45 , but it was not clear why it took over 35 minutes . all i can say is that the wait was worthwhile , the food was very good . tandoori veggies , lamb tikka , hunters platter , chicken masala , everything was hot and tasty , spiced just right . the sauce and yoghurt marinade were balanced and just right . what we appreciated the most was the quality of the lamb and other meats . they do not cut corners on quality . a satisfying dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is undoubtedly very , very good and perhaps the best indian food i 've had in toronto so far . no complaints there . but it is overpriced . the restaurant itself is quite large . i must comment that i disliked the service . one of the waiters was particularly rude , which comes as no surprise since indians lack any semblance of tact ( being indian , i 'm allowed to say that ) . ordered the fish pakora , and shrimp masala with naan . it took about 30-40 minutes for my entree to arrive , and what 's worse , is they got my order wrong . after they did so however , one of the servers questioned whether i had indeed ordered that . on the other hand , they did rectify the order immediately , and apologized for the mixup everything i ordered was delicious . i recommend getting the shrimp masala . i would return here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whether you want to get the $ 10 lunch buffet ( such a good deal ) or a night with a fine dining atmosphere without the fine dining price tag , this is for you . their food is excellent , really - especially during dinner time . service is impeccable ( they seriously make you feel like you 're at a restaurant that would charge double the price ) and prices are very reasonable . the food at the lunch buffet is most likely just extra leftovers from the previous night so the tandoori chicken wo n't be as juicy and the naan not as fluffy warm , but the curry is just as good . either way , you ca n't get a better deal for $ 10 . try the lamb vindaloo ( very spicy ) or the chicken korma !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place converted me to malai kofta , but the butter chicken is the piece de resistance . come for lunch for a $ 10 buffet and enjoy an endless supply of their amazing rice pudding and naan , but be warned that the lunch butter chicken has lots of bones while the dinner a la carte butter chicken is made with boneless chicken breast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an incredible restaurant for a delicious date . the vibrant and subtle sauces , spices and flavors take you on a journey beyond the senses . especially if you 're a student who eats elsewhere normally , the dinner for two special at about $ 30 is remarkably filling and memorable . high rating but it is not an expensive place for power suits or celebrities - although you can feel like one if you dress like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great - nice food , not very expensive , usually easy to get a table , a nice mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes . highly recommend . the service can be a little inattentive , though - but if you get their attention then they are very friendly and helpful , you just need to know that if you want something you need to wave someone over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good and have and i have no complaints . i was hoping for food that differentiated itself a bit more from indian and that 's why i 'm only giving it 3 stars . overall it was good but not memorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good quick service and all of the chicken dishes were fantastic . highly recommended for anyone in the area . i 'm looking forward to going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to mt everest twice and i left quite happy both times . the service is excellent and the flavours memorable . i went with three other people and ordered the typical butter chicken , lamb vindaloo , garlic naan and a vegetarian dish with spinach , i forget the name . normally , after eating indian cuisine , i am usually ready for a nap . after eating here , i still felt quite alive ... yet satisfied . there did n't appear to be a layer of oil on the top which i find with some other places . this , i know makes some of the flavour but at mt everest , it still tasted fantastic . medium was the right amount of spice ... a bit of a kick but not overwhelming . also like most indian places , it is always good to get a few different items and share . i will definitely be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing indian food . ordered the vegetarian meal for two and was very impressed with everything -- the vegetables were delicious , the saag paneer is the best i have ever tasted and the naan is so fresh and tasty . great service + great food= happy customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for the $ 8.99 lunch buffet , and thought everything was quite tasty and high-quality . flavorful with mild hotness . my only complaint was the number of small bones in the goat curry -- had to carefully chew to avoid hitting the many pieces of bone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "id advise going on a weekday if you plan on going for dinner . on weekends , even with a reservation we waited 20 minutes for a table for 2. we then sat at that table for 10 minutes before even getting a glass of water . the food overall was quite good , from the apps to the mains , this would be a 4 star experience . but the service was brutal by being both unattentive and slow . honestly when the glasses on the table are empty , i expect someone to be taking my next drink order asap . so because the service is 2 5 and the food is 4 5 i 'll give this a 3 5 overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite indian nepalese place in toronto . i love the vegetarian combo , and the chana masala , and the aloo gobi ... and so much more about this place . the servers are all extremely kind and friendly . if you order a complicated dish , it may take more time to come out of the kitchen -- but at least you know they are cooking it with care and not throwing it in the microwave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really , really good . they do indian and nepali , which is a great combo since i have n't had too much exposure to nepali food yet , and i 've discovered that i love it . momo dumplings ftw . the lunch buffet is n't the cheapest ever , but it 's all-you-can-eat , so skip breakfast ! they are a lot more careful with food preparation for dinner ( i.e . meat is boneless , selection is better ) but you know what ? i get the lunch buffet anyway , since it 's just so tasty . we never manage to spend under $ 50 , which is a shame since i 'd like to incorporate this restaurant into daily life . however , for a treat , this place is definitely classier than its price range specifies . friendly , undervalued underrated , tasty , and tasteful . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is very good , and the service is exceptional . there is a wide variety of foods , from vegetarian to meat dishes and non-spicy to spicy ones . the naan , though seemingly pricey , is very good and big . the food comes relatively quicky , and despite the relatively small portions , they are actually very rich and filling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful . the flavours are rich and vibrant , with all the spices and herbs tingling every taste bud . everything is reasonably priced so there 's no fear of feasting on wanky food for two hours only to have to go to pizza pizza afterwards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always love the food here . the lunch buffet is the best , but dinner here is great too , clearly a little pricier though . even so , i go back to this place all the time when i am in the neighborhood . i went again last night with some friends . only one friend was disappointed , he ordered the tandoori fish , he said it was n't very tandoori and the portion was small . ( but it looked the best , arriving on a sizzling plate ) he was lamenting all of this after the meal . everyone else was well satisfied though . one had the lamb and as another friend of mine did years ago , they both loved it . one tried the first chicken option on the menu and he loved it too . i had the okra dish , it was so tasty . the service was fast , polite and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice north indian food , good service , pleasant ambience . i have n't tried the nepalese menu items yet . their lunch buffet is very good value if you like straight-ahead north indian .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a very nice place at bloor street west . you can have a nice buffet with a great selection of indian food or you can order from the menu . i recommend the garlic naan and the mango lassi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a few times for dinner , and every time i 've been happy with the service and quality of the food . this place gets busy , so make sure to call in and get a reso if you think you 'll need one . when i feel like indian , this is the place i go to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here for dinner after work . ambience-liked the music in the background . it was relaxing and was n't loud and annoying like some other restaurants i 've been to . service-the service was attentive and friendly . it does take them some time to bring you the food so it 's good to keep that in mind if you 're really hungry . food . we ordered the following : naan bread butter chicken chicken tandoori-nice and hot as it was served on a sizzling hot place . some parts got charred . basmatic rice lamb gosht recommended by the host-i found a lot of the pieces to be dried . perhaps the leg of lamb would have been better . verdict . i liked the butter chicken and chicken tandoori . i did n't try the naan but my dinner companions raved about it . i did find it expensive for the three of us as there was nothing to spectacular about this place . i would probably skip this place in the future and go to little india for lunch buffet instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't remember the name of my dish but it was a northern indian specialty with ginger and a blend of unique spices . it was one of the best meals i ever had . the place is nice and quiet and the servers were friendly and efficient . i hope my fianc\u00e9e 's friends from toronto get married so we can eat at this restaurant again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was delicious . i had a vegetarian homemade cottage cheese + creamy tomato mix.. i forgot the name of the dish , but regardless it was fantastic . my boyfriend ordered some sort of chicken , which was extremely tender and juicy . overall , one of the best indian i had in toronto.. one down side is that in comparison to the ambiance and portions , the price was a bit too expensive . our dinner was one order of each rice , naan , the chicken , and the tomato ... tax + tip was a total of $ 40 . not cheap at all . i 'd probably go again but i wish it was a bit cheaper . ( the vegetarian dish was $ 12 before tax ! which is normally the price of a chicken someplace else ) service was good , the food came out pretty quickly . good dinner overall ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great neighborhood indian joint . ca n't beat the takeout student special - 2 ( smaller size ) dishes , rice , naan roti , salad , raita , and a beverage for $ 10.99 ( veg ) or $ 11.99 ( non-veg or combo ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . the dinner is infinitely better than the lunch buffet . my friend and i split the meat bhojan for two . ( delicious and far better than roti cuisine - though rotis should n't really be compared with real restaurant style food ) . we added a bottle of wine and stuffed ourselves silly . the tandoori chicken hit all the right notes - i could taste the hint of lime from the marinade . perfection . the bill was n't bad . the meat bhojan was 38 , the wine was probably another $ 30 - 40 , and somehow our total was just over a hundred .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the buffet is great , hard to go wrong with that . from the menu , my favourite item is the tandoori lamb skewers . very flavourful , a lovely hint of onions and spices . staff have been reasonably friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was good , but not great . i order the chicken vindaloo , because i wanted something pretty spicy ! the waiter warned us the dish was very spicy , but we said that is great -- just what we are looking for . however , the dish was n't very spicy at all , i was disappointed ... ... . the palak paneer was strange , shreds of spanish instead of puree . the chicken hariyali on the other hand was excellent -- best dish out of the night ! would not return though , better indian places to go to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to this place with my wife last friday based on all the positive reviews that i read on yelp . i have to agree with most yelpers , this is definitely a gem of a place . my wife had the matar paneer and i had one of the chicken dishes . both of them were very delicious and well prepared . i 'm only giving this place a 4 because we had to wait a few extra minutes for the waiter to get our orders . otherwise i would have given this place a solid 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant sits on the south side of bloor street with glass windows looking out onto the street . like most toronto restaurants it is long and narrow . there is a bar when you enter that separates a section of tables at the front and some near the kitchen . the decor is dark and rich with lots of wood accents . when we arrived it was almost empty but while we were sitting it was full in no time . the staff was attentive and polite providing service when needed . the menu featured a selection of expected east-indian and nepalese dishes . we opted for some onion bhajis , a roti , a garlic naan , and two vindaloos . although the bhajis were a little greasy and too salt everything else was delicious . it was what one would expect for a place frequented by locals from the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "exp\u00e9rience g\u00e9niale . le n\u00e9palais c'est tr\u00e8s bon . on peut choisir son niveau de piment , no small medium hot very hot . service amical et attentif . offre le doggy bag en partant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here with a nepalese friend of mine . delicious naan bread and whatever else we had was good too . my friend ordered in nepalese so i have no idea what the dishes were , but they were sufficiently spicy and easily mopped up with the bread , which was hot and freshly made . i think one of the appetizers was called momo , it reminded me of dim sum but much spicier . here is a picture from a google search . http : www.travelandtournepal.com wp-content uploads 2012 08 momo-with-sauce.jpg highly recommend the momo . i would go here again on my next visit to toronto . price was reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what everyone else said ! i 'd like to put a good word in for their mango lassi , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered for pick up and got the daal and mountain potatoes . both dishes were excellent , really quite tasty . i 'm impressed . what i 'm not impressed with is the prices -- it 's just hard for me to fathom such prices for a small amount of desi food . i hear the lunch buffet is much better bang for your buck , so i 'll try that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ended up at this place accidentally . i met my friend nearby , and i had told them of a place i wanted to try out on bloor . ( they thought i was referring to a place that they walk by that is always dead , but i was n't ) and so they quickly were like ... here 's an indian place ... let 's go here . the food was n't bad , but it was n't great either . there is tastier indian food out there , and in larger portions too . from reading the reviews , i should have went for the lunch buffet . as i paid 20 dollars and left hungry ... but again , i came to this place accidentally .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in during the weekend to pick up some dog food . the store front is in a very convenient location and well maintained . the food was priced a bit over our regular store but only by a few bucks so no big deal . they had all kinds of unique treats and we could n't help but pick up a few for our pup . she loves them by the way . the reason i 'm only leaving three stars is because of one of the groomers thought it was appropriate to trash talk some of their clients to the other workers . i find that to be extremely distasteful . do n't do that in front of potential customers !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here to get some natural dog treats and snacks , plus his raw food frozen patties ! we also get his yogurt ice cream that he likes so much , the blueberry & vanilla and the apple cheddar . they also bake fresh snacks for the animals , so we buy fresh baked biscuits and snack for him as a treat when we go there ! they have raw food diets for both cats and dogs ! the staff there is really nice and really love animals . we take him inside and they all love him ! this place is a grooming service as well as a doggy day care . we pay them $ 8 to file down his nails . thats pretty cheap if you ask me and its done in five minutes ! they give him a good boy treat after he 's done ! i recommend this service to anyone with a pet ! give it a try ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend told me about this place , and i had to check it out . no more chain pet food stores for our cats . it 's a cute little shop , with friendly service . there are so many choices in food for cats and dogs . they offer natural-organic and holistic foods . we were so surprised at how reasonably priced the food is . our cats love the brand we chose . this is now our go-to pet food store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice staff and wide selection of super-premium pet food in summerlin . they also carry raw diets for both cats and dogs ( sold frozen for you to thaw at your own convenience ) . grooming services , doggy day care , and ( yes ) even a bakery are all on-site . prices are higher than your typical pet warehouse store , however the quality of food sold here is far superior .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the response from kelly g. below merely entertains conjecture from dog owners , not veterinarians . i can assure the reader that my dog had neither bug bites or ringworm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely happy with my babies make-over . took my yoshie and momo there to be groomed , was impressed with the store , the staff very friendly-thanks anthony for making me feel welcome . dixie groomed babies she listened to what i wanted for my kids . explained to her that mo is apprehensive and gets very stressed , she got mo done in an hour and a half . they look amazing . i will definitely be back . i uploaded pictures of my babies but ca n't seem to link to this review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go here . stay away and tell your fellow pet owners . i never post messages but have to worn people . the owner was very rude and my dog haircut was terrible . she said they trimmed his nails but they did not do it . stay away my fellow pet lovers . god bless", "score": "1"}
{"review": "too bad they like to lie about a dogs temperament when i have been bringing my dogs to them for almost 8 years ! they told me after i had dropped my dogs off today that my golden had bitten the groomer 2x last time we were in with them , funny how she never mentioned this to me , and that this was never in any notes on our file ! so because of this so called `` issue '' i will never bring my pets to them ever again ! and i will make sure to warn everyone about lying by there grooming staff , guess we should have seen the warning signs when the groomers kept leaving ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "k9 's and kitty 's ... i brought my dog to be groomed and no one admitting how her eye got mysteriously injured . when i picked dog up , her eyes were tearing and one eye was swollen and shut . the eye was so painful she cried when they went to put her leash on . whatever happened to her eye caused an ulcerated cornea requiring pain meds and antibiotic eye drops . groomer denies knowing what happened and no call was received to see how dog is doing . the lack of concern is deplorable.not good for customer relations . accidents can happen , but as a service business ... .. to own responsibility would be a good policy if you care about your clients . so , my friends , if you are concerned about your pets well being i would no longer recommend k9 's and kitty 's . i want to add that the owner , kelly , was present when i picked up my dog and was well aware of the problem . she is the one that should have acted upon this issue and instead chose to ignore it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kelly the owner takes such great care of our dog coco ! her groomers are very kind to the animals coco is happy to see them when she gets there . the best part your dog does n't have to sit in the cage all day coco is finished within two hours . plus she has gluten free dog food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amy did an excellent job with a full service grooming . no nicks and done exactly in 1 hr ! so efficient . kelly and scott are also very knowledgeable . my dog was puking and having diarrhea almost everyday . i tried their sample and now purchased the food . all symptoms were gone in two days . amazing . i am a loyal customer now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome store ! we get our dog 's dry wet food there . they 're the only store in town that sells `` taste of the wild '' kibble . plus , kelly ( store owner ) is very knowledgeable when it comes to dog care . if you live on the sw side and you love your pet , stop by . your pet will love you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bella looks fabulous after her grooming today ! friendly knowledgable owner kelly and the groomer was great as well . good experience for bella 's first haircut . we will be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this groomer does a great job on my big old mutt . i like their appointment system so my dog is not hanging out in a cage all day . the staff is very knowledgeable and they really do care about the dogs who come through the door . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this place ! ! the owner , kelly , is so sweet and helpful ! she loves my dog like her own . the groomer , kristin does a fantastic job and always takes great care of my dog . we have been going for 7 years now and would n't go anywhere else . also their top quality foods and treats are great as well as there homemade gifts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , our dog lala looked terrific ! we 'll be coming back again . p.s . there is no 40 % fee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love k9 & kitty 's . great staff , kind to our baby ! the place is always clean and i love the remodel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pet food is overpriced and they have an attitude . only reason they got an extra star is because the store is clean and organized .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best place to get your pet food and even vitamins . the owner , along with the staff , are so knowledgeable and patient in explaining various dog foods and solutions . i stopped in there on a whim , and it was 10 minutes before their closing time . the owner stayed with me an additional 40 minutes and explained so many things to me . she even gave me samples of various limited ingredient dog foods , so that i could try them out at home and see which one my four legged baby likes . i will never go to petsmart again . support your local business , and if you have a pet , i highly recommend this place . there just are n't enough adjectives to express how wonderful they are !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once we found this place , there was no going back . friendly staff and decent prices for a mom and pop store . the food our dog 's eat only come from here and finding the same brand , even on amazon , is cheaper to purchase it here then anywhere else . our newest member of our family 's birthday is tomorrow so we got a pet editable cake from them to and we cant wait to give it to her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in to get rocky serviced . the job was excellent but expensive which is understandable . the cut on the heat part for the 'lion ' style appeared haphazard . that 's the only concern i have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , i 've tried different dog groomers around the city because my husky hates being groomed and i have a hard time trusting people with my furry baby . however , i do n't have to try anywhere else after i found k9s and kitty 's . the owner , kelly , is a dog whisperer ! we could n't get my dog to go into the groomers , so kelly came out and helped us ! she put me at ease with her knowledge and kind nature towards dogs . you can tell she 's in this business because of her love for animals and that 's what i 've been looking for . i feel so thankful to have found her . and my husky , gaston , looked great after his appointment . she even took a video of him singing while he was getting washed and called me to reassure me everything was going great with him . thank god i found k9s and kitty 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't catch groomers name , but she had an eastern european ( ? ) accent -- she did a phenomenal job on my pup 's nails . he 's usually very timid and a little tooth showy , but she put him at ease immediately and got him in and out super quickly . they also carry his wet food which is not the easiest brand to find at a very competitive price . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are friendly & informative and they have a great selection of high quality food ( raw food , wheat free , etc . ) plus grooming service . a full service pet store that is client- focused with attention to detail = 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my small shih tzu has food allegies and they have a good selection of foods for her specific diet . the owners are really knowledgable and care about their customers . i also come here to get my dogs groomed ( both shih tzus ) and they did a good job . they also cleaned out their ears and eyes well . i plan on coming back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they truly love their work & clients ! i bring my cat here and due to time constraints decided to bring my dog ( loving , friendly pitbull ) to them for a bath . they treated him so well and made him look so handsome ! i plan to be a regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just recently moved to las vegas summerlin area and was looking for someone to take good care of our `` baby '' ... everyone here was so pleasant and have to say my dogs nails have never been cut so good and stay nice for a long time too ! i would definitely recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of k-9 's and kitty 's for many years . my dogs love the groomers and always come home beautiful and happy ! ! ! i also love the great selection of healthy food and treats for both dogs and cats ! ! ! pricing is very competitive , too ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my furbabies to them for a couple years . they provide great service and my dogs cuts always look great . my oldest dog a shih tzu is 17 and i have never had any problems ! love them . def recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived in las vegas for just over 2 years and have been to many groomers looking for the right one . we found her ! right here in summerlin , close to home . the girls look great and were happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the folks at k9 's and kitty 's were able to fit my pup in for a full grooming the very next day . it was $ 45 for bath and grooming service . they did an awesome job and had her ready in under 1.5 hours ( they estimated 1-2 ) . of the groomers i 've been to k9 's work has been the best , and the cheapest ! thank you for the great service , i plan on returning whenever i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff has been so great ! our dog just jumps into the groomers arms and does n't even seem to miss us for the hour she is there . they do a great job and always let us know about when to come back and pick her up ( and they call if they happen to be done any sooner ) . even squeezed us in for a same-day appointment . $ 40 for bath nails haircut and she looks adorable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yelpers beware - the reason for the 3-star review is not due to food service ... it 's due to the fact there is no pei wei at 7676 e pinnacle peak road in scottsdale , az .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome food , awesome customer service , right around the block and super convenient to get to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love pei wei , although we usually go to the one in grayhawk , but this location is great too . i had kids menu , chicken teriyaki but i changed it to tofu instead and it come with vegetables , was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "received a gift card for dairy queen and voila ! i attended this location to enjoy their lunch special with the family . quick service , clean establishment and a sunny outdoor eating area . love it ! their ice cream cake selection is large and in plain view . this makes it easier to decide or choose your next party cake . i am sure to come back and get a cake ... just because !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't bother . get your ice cream elsewhere . a simple change in topping will have you getting a lecture on the cost of things .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing extraordinary about this place , although i must say the management are very kind and the food is always served hot . the only con i must say is if you go early the food takes a while to be prepaired ( for fast food expectations )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this dq ! i come here with my daughter at least once a week and have tried the chicken fingers and bacon cheeseburgers and everything is hot , fresh and delicious . i 'd come here for a burger any day over a burger joint . always cheap and the staff have been very friendly and accommodating . my daughter enjoys the blizzards here and the arctic rush slushies r my fave ! highly recommend this place for fast food eats and treats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dq ever ! they have customer appreciation day with almost everything half price ! will recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sunny day for a blizzard but way too many ww points so we wo n't visit again for a whilel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good overall . it 's dq , how could it be bad . the managers though.. they turn me off from this place . they need to shut up sometimes and stop treating guests like they 're stupid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the strippers here are pretty friendly as far as strippers go , and it is a fun place to go on rare celebrations with buddies . most places like this are filled with dirty drunks , but this place is mostly younger people just looking to have fun . i would stay at home if you are under twenty-one , because instead of just marking your hands , they require you to wear an embarrassing bright pink shirt and there is a thirty dollar cover . do n't go blowing your money on girls , but it is fun to visit once in a blue moon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a nice , low-key strip club . the dances are cheap and the girls seem to understand that they have to work for their money . the only downside is that there are a lot of average looking girls here who are n't as attractive as the girls at a lot of other clubs that i 've been to . there was a dancer i met here a couple of months ago who blew my mind with her private dance . unfortunately she has left the club from what i understand but i would have proposed to that girl in a second . lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to a few strip clubs and this one is ugh ... okay i guess . the girls are really friendly though but are average looking and average dancers . one of the girls played pool with me for an hour or two and talked lol . it is cheap though which is always a plus . i believe $ 25 for a private dance and $ 10 for a table dance . my friend and i went there to watch the heighsman and my friends dude won ( jameis winston ) and he celebrated by getting us a private dance lol . i 'd say if you wan na have a fun night bring $ 55 a person . also its free before 9 p.m. to get in i think !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first time in a strip joint . not the best place . the girls here are pretty average to low average . the two dancers i did see where not all that great looking . the bartenders appeared to be better looking then the two dancers . i 'd rather get a lap dance from the bartenders . i 've never been a big drinker ; over priced beer and soda . loud as hell and had a hard time hearing and talking to my friend and the wait staff . after about 10-20 minutes we left . the lady 's i see on the street that went clubbing are way better and livelier then the boring staff here . this place really is n't worth the time or money . just go out clubbing to see more and get more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a shame to give it two stars . it is nice to have an ice cream shop within walking distance and a place to bring kids after a hot day . the truth is , this store is filthy ! just terribly filthy . regardless of the ages of the employees , i am surprised that the owner does not care more about the store and clean it , or heck , hire some cleaning people to give it a deep clean once in a while . looking around to see layers of dust , dirt , and even bugs on the tile , window sills , and display case is just gross . it makes me really question how they are handling the ice cream , scoops , etc . our last visit there , the filth factor was worse it seems and sadly i feel we will stay away because of that . we are better off having frozen yogurt up the road where the facility is kept clean .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we stopped by here because we were craving for traditional ice cream . not sobie or low fat or gelato . just some good old traditional ice cream . i ordered a medium size cup of cookies and cream as well as chocolate mint . both of them were super delicious . we ended up purchasing 2 pre-made ice scream buckets to go . i 'll definitely come back here again", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ice cream was okay . the cleanest table to sit at would be far below standards of most places where people eat . the girl serving the ice cream had an attitude as if she had a score of other places she would rather be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is too young and irresponsible to be in food handling ... customer service lacks supremely and they did n't even know how to make a banana royal ! she put three chunks of half a banana in the bottom of the cup and slopped the toppings ... but that 's not even the best part ! they were n't clean ( playing with hair and rubbing nose , then scratching legs before slicing bananas and scooping other customers ice cream , and the place looked like it has n't seen windex or a mop in months ! just total disappointment . i do n't really care for baskin robbins , but now my reason for not liking it has been thoroughly confirmed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good ice cream . very good service by the solo attendant . the store generally looks dirty , the floor is nasty from the front door to the back . happy to find the bathrooms clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was surprised to read so many negative reviews about this location - i have not noticed it being dirty or filthy , but i only go there to buy their delicious ice cream cakes for special occasions . on my most recent visit i found the staff to be very attentive - maybe new management ? i 'll be back ! btw , they had pink bubblegum ice cream - i tasted a sample - wow , is it great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "melted ice cream ... dirty ... .no air conditioning ... .contacted the corporate office ... said the owner or the field executive would contact me ... .never happened . can not believe baskin robbins ' brand means nothing to corporate . we went to the franchise in gilbert in the fry 's shopping center last night . filthy . table filthy , bathroom filthy ... flies landing on the ice cream that was on all the uncleaned tables . seems like this is an ongoing problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again ! ! ! ! went here after having a nice dinner cause it was on my way home . immediately when i walked in this place is filthy . teen behind the counter was n't rude as i understand it 's not your dream job , but come on if you hate it that bad just quit . i ordered a ice cream cone and as soon as he handed it to me it was half melted . clearly the refrigeration is equivalent with the rest of the place ... .abysmal as in dire need of attention . . i 'd rather walk to safeway to buy ice cream then ever come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "baskin robbins on alma school road : the ice cream was fine ; we ordered a banana split . here are the two reasons we wo n't be coming back : 1 ) the customer service was lacking . the young man at the counter seemed very `` chill , '' and more interested in his phone than anything else . he also forgot to give us spoons . we just used the ice cream-sample spoons on the counter because he seemed too occupied with his cell phone to be distracted by work . no offense , chill counter dude . 2 ) scary toilet . the ladies toilet bowl has a hole near the front of the bowl that can spray you ! flush it and a spring of water shoots far enough up from a break in the bowl to splash you if you 're near . it 's also cracked . maybe it was a do-it-yourself bidet project gone wrong ? i wo n't be back to find out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they on purposely turn the closing sign off so customers think there closed , horrible way to run a business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been ordering ice cream cakes every year for the past 25 years . ( not at this location btw ) these two cakes we picked up were the worst cakes we have ever had . they used the wrong frosting . it was a whip cream frosting like they use on ice cream sundaes . the regular frosting they use on ice cream cakes is thicker and does n't taste stale , dry and airy like this one did . nobody ate all the pieces i served . just the ice cream from inside . i would look forward to an end piece of cake because of all the frosting ... .this cake was awful . i call the number listed and nobody answers the phone . very disappointing . i paid $ 80 for 2 cakes that taste gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no complaints about the ice cream at this location . the staff is nice and friendly . the problem starts when one tries to get a refund for a canceled cake order paid by credit card . one is told that the staff does not have a code to process the refund . the manager has to contact another institution to process the order and so on and so forth . i had to dispute the charge with my credit card company . i have never had this problem before . so save yourself a meltdown and use cash : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice in the last six weeks because i was n't able to make an appointment at my regular salon . each time i was impressed . very fast service and the reasonable prices . it 's a clean salon and i will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to come here to get my nails done for my wedding . they looked lovely but my pedicure lasted only a day & my gel nails did n't even last a week . it was about a week or less when they started to chip and peel off . the price was extremely high for them to not even last a week , around $ 70-80 . i would go back to have them fix my nails since it is still under 2 weeks but i live in philly & was home only for my wedding . very disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm here in my pedicure chair.. been waiting for half an hour already to get started and nobody knows where the girl that 's supposed to do my nails went to ! should n't one of these people walking around start working on me ? this is unbelievable !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very busy place but it 's clean , nice , and convenient ! service was quick , painless , and lovely ! very satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "run far far away . my pedicure lasted maybe a week . the guy was really nice and funny..but when i 'm getting a pedicure i want to relax , not talk the entire time . he also rushed through the painting process and it looked horrible ! this place is pretty run down and the remotes on the chairs are taped so they do n't fall apart . for almost forty dollars for a terrible pedicure go somewhere more upscale and get your money 's worth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my nails done at le nails recently , it was a bad experience all around . the technician was rude , she dug her nail into the side of one of my fingers and my thumb until i bled , then my thumb got infected . she hit the side of my finger several times with the dremel tool she used to remove my nail polish . my fingers hurt for a week after i had them done . the tech also used tools that had not been cleaned before she used them on me . they were more expensive than other salons that i have been to . i was so disappointed , because le nails is convent for me to get to and i was looking to go there regularly , that 's not happening .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "owner is beyond rude , but nail tech was great . i was signing into their sign in sheet and saw an employee trying to read it upside down , so i started to turn it slightly so that she can read it as i was finishing writing . she ripped it away and said `` i need that . '' i was taken aback and the nail tech said he 'd take me before i responded to her inappropriate action . later , i found out she was the owner . i hope she treats her employees better than her customers . i was very happy with nail tech i had , danny . he was personable , compassionate and did a terrible job on my gel nails . the employee next to him ( not sure if her name ) also seemed very talented and friendly . i believe it is definitely the employees and not the owner who keeps this place going . their customer service was above and beyond while the owners was just pathetic . i highly recommend danny if you do visit : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just finishing my pedicure service and my only really great comment is the nail tech- she was wonderful ! the pandora station was nice ( 60 's era ) . the chairs are old and a bit uncomfortable ( the remotes are all damaged ) . being in the mall , i wish i could have been facing away from the storefront window for some privacy . i waited 45 minutes when they said the could fit me in right as i walked in ( i would have gone shopping had i known ) . i like the nail polish selection ... . time will tell if it will hold up ( little to no opi high end brand polishes available ) . my main frustration was with the service . $ 40 for mediocrity at best . my cuticles were not tended to for more than a minute . 2 minute sugar scrub . 2 minute towel wrap . quick sloughing on of oil ... no massage with it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my sister , mom and i consistently go to le nails and always have a good experience . they always remember us when we go in and are very welcoming . they do quality work for a decent price . i would definitely recommend to a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very quick place to get your nails done . i get shellac nails all the time and this was one of the best places i 've been . i ca n't remember the name of the lady that did my nails , but she sure did take extra time to care for my cuticles . my cuticles look great now . they also have many shellac polish colors to chose from . the lady next to me was getting some pretty intricate designs on her nails , which looked amazing . i really like the way they looked . i may consider getting designs on my nails just because the ladies nails look absolutely amazing . that manicurist that was doing her nails was very talented . i will definitely be back at this nail salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "within days , the gel began to peel off . in less than a week i was embarrassed at work bc of how bad my nails hands looked !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the shore is a great place to grab breakfast . this is a classic little lakewood restaurant and is similar to the place to be but a couple miles east . they only take cash so be sure to bring a few dollars . one can easily eat for under $ 10 with tip included . the staff could not be any friendlier and seem to have developed close knit bonds with the customers . people wait in lines for borderline , lucky 's , grumpy 's , south side , petite triangle , flap jacks and all of the other cool brunch spots . if you come to the shore , you can eat some delicious food and hang out with cool people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet another diner in lakewood , oh . the shore is pretty good . i would put them ahead of a few of the diners within a mile such as dianna 's . they are not 24 hours however . i have always had fast and friendly service here and they have cheap and good breakfasts . not many places will you find those three words together : cheap , fast and good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first thing ... . cash only ! ! ! ! i was impressed by how clean and neat this little hidden diner gem is . came for sunday brunch and the majority of tables were filled . the coffee was fresh and piping hot . i had the french toast and eggs , which was delicious . boy had the corned beef omelet and was n't that impressed . said it was blan and did n't have taste . they load your plate with fresh potatoes which i thought were pretty good , could use some onions in them but def were fresh and not `` store '' bought . the service was very friendly and on top of things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little breakfast lunch spot right on detroit . it seems kind of tucked away in a small strip but has a very `` at home '' and relaxed feeling . the food is all made to order and the service is quick . great for those weekend mornings..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while looking to try some new spots , i came across shore restaurant . perfect breakfast for the unbelievable perfect price . my mom and i went in and sat at the bar . most of the tables were taken and we knew we wanted to be fast so this was most logical . so much fun chatting with the family that owns this breakfast joint . bring cash and come hungry . the veggie omelet and scrambled eggs and toast with a side of hash browns were perfect for the both of us . enjoy ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite spots for breakfast in lakewood . the prices and portions are good , the food is good , and the service is great . this place is small and only takes cash so keep that in mind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place to grab a quick and cheap breakfast . we had great service and our food was delicious . the pancakes and gyro meat alone are worth the trip . definitely will be visiting again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes you need a no frills place to grab a quick breakfast . not only do you get great service in a family owned establishment but you get quality food and great conversation . i talked to one of the owners ( the wife ) for over 20 minutes and loved hearing her story about where she came from and that they have owned this diner for 31 years ! their coffee is good and their menu is simple and inexpensive . i ordered the breakfast sandwich and i got gyro meat and swiss cheese on a bagel . it was delicious ! my coffee ( which i had 3 cups ) , the breakfast sandwich and potatoes came out to be $ 8 with tax . now that 's my kind of breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "homey atmosphere , friendly efficient service , delicious home-cooked food . the lovely family that operates this restaurant is kind and understanding of even the littlest diners . i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down my favorite breakfast spot . the portions and prices are great . the service is phenomenal and that 's what keeps me coming back . i have yet to find a place where the staff is so friendly and make you feel that welcome . i only wish i lived closer so i could go more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast lunch only , a no frills hole in the wall , family-owned spot where pop does the kitchen duties , mom manages the front and waits tables , and two sons wait tables , fill coffee , and talk sports with anybody who wants to jump in ! tasty , some inventive omelets , but after all these years they have n't managed to make truly outstanding coffee . cash only , so be warned . park in back and enter thru the back door , or park on detroit and come in the front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "family-run business with the husband doing the cooking and the wife waiting tables . it 's a little hole-in-the-wall . this is standard diner fare at rock-bottom prices . i ordered the breakfast special of 2 eggs , bacon , hash browns and toast and it only set me back $ 2.75 . you know you 're in for a treat when the menu is the old-school plastic letters on a peg board ! opens at 6am and there is a parking lot in the rear . enter through the back screen door to get the full effect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "breaking my ( unintentional ) yelp hiatus to review some great spots . first on the list is shore restaurant . friendly service and the food tastes great . portions are enormous ! good coffee too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , fast , and inexpensive . there is construction scaffolding in front , but they 're still open !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , great service . if you and a small crew wan na smash on some good diner breakfast this is the spot . the only downside is that this place only takes cash . i believe it is family owned and operated and they make you feel at home . it 's a hole in the wall kinda spot , but most good places are right ? 5 or 6 booths 4 or 5 tables and 6 or 7 counter spots with bar stools . bacon was oo la la .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best authentic diners in lakewood ! and there 's a lot ... . very small yet unintrusive . great service with a family owned atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have the best sausage in town ! also the weekly specials are cheep and awesome . ( cash only here , btw )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the greek omelette , home fries , hash browns , toast and coffee . i 've been here like 6 times . shore has awesome food . just what you 're lookin ' for . i mean , if you want a no-nonsense breakfast , come here . some people are looking for some type of high class breakfast with other frivolous things . not here , just good ol ' cleveland working class breakfast . the food is great ( homemade in back , saw it myself ) but that 's not what makes this place . it 's the owner and his wife . i 've gone in there from 6am and at 4 or 5am and they are always concerned about you , about their customers . the first time i had breakfast there , there , the owner sat down with me and we talked while food was being made in the back . it was great . pro tip : go in at about 5.30 or 6.00 am and have a talk with the owner . i wish i remembered his name , but i 've only met him once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "strong coffee , hot food , cheap prices . the perfect spot for the morning after a night out . lakewood at it 's finest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food but the service was not on point ! the two egg and french toast with hash brown deal is good to go !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your textbook mom and pop diner . dad runs the kitchen while the mom and two sons do everything else on the floor . very genuine and kind people , i have been going there now for about 5 years . amazing food at an amazing price . if you live in the area do yourself a favor and try them at least once . only downside is that it 's cash only , but 20 $ is more than enough for breakfast lunch for two so you ca n't complain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff are super friendly . this is a good breakfast spot we go to a few times a year . they have good omelets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great family owned diner ! i got the greek omelet - it was priced well for the amount of food and quality . very friendly service and food came out quickly . will definitely return ! cash only but they have an atm if needed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their breakfast is basically perfect . great portions , great prices , food was awesome - just honest and delicious , service was fantastic ! very relaxed atmosphere too . if you 're starting your day off with breakfast here , it 's probably going to be a great day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! family owners are all extraordinary nice ! home style , diner food is consistently good and inexpensive as it gets ! i have never experienced better for the price . the breakfast special is my fav !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice vintage diner . food was great and came out really quick ! just above what i 'd consider broke-college-student friendly in terms of price . they do n't accept credit cards though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped here on new years because of the lighted corn beef sandwich sign . it looks like it may be a nice diner ran by nice people , and most of the menu looked fair . when it comes to the cb though , this is n't the place to go . sandwich was same price as other places , but half the size ( or less ) of what you 'd expect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the owners are very nice but after a recent breakfast that left me feeling ill the rest of the day i can not recommend the establishment . maybe it was just the grade of the coffee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely one of my favorite breakfast spots ! the food is great and always cooked very well , but what makes it best is the family who owns it . they are incredibly nice , always welcoming , remember you even if you just came in once , they interact with you and make you feel like family instantly ! ! there is nothing bad i have to say about this place , except that you might have to wait for a seat since it 's usually always busy : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son and i thoroughly enjoyed our recent experience here . i received a royal shave and haircut from carlos..my son a haircut with master barber bob . both of us were happy with the results . everyone needs to be pampered once in awhile . carlos spent a solid hour with me..no rushing..and thankfully not a lot of conversation ! his shave was among the best i 've ever had . yes ... you can get this done for app . 1 2 the price at your local barbershop back home ... ... ..but there is something positive about taking time off while on vacation for some over the top grooming . it may not be a bargain..but in our opinion..it was money well spent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was able to make a same day 1 pm appointment with ron in the venetian canal shops . the royal shave cost $ 55 and was well worth it to be `` man pampered '' while the gf was getting a massage at the hotel . the shave was relaxing without any pulls or tugs on my whiskers . the shave was very smooth and all the added oils and aftershave left my skin feeling healthy and well nourished . ron even touched up my mini moist ache and cleaned up the back of my neck . for an hour-long pampering i highly recommend the art of shaving . it would be a great think to do before a night on the town . the ladies will notice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ron is my main man . he is a consummate professional in a world full of amateurs and wannabes . if you ever have the opportunity to visit this shop , make an appointment a few days in advance for a royal shave and from there sit back , relax and enjoy . and this above all , a shave at a place like this can make a $ 60k man feel like a million bucks -- and after all , is n't that the point ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm very picky about who cuts my hair and must admit that i walked away from the art of shaving at the venetian highly impressed . ask for mike , he 's been in the business for 30+ years and can do a superb fade , traditional men 's haircut , et al . best haircut in las vegas , do n't go off the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a wedding and needed my neck beard gone . ingrown hairs and raw sensation did n't occur until after the big day , so got lucky there . service was excellent , price was reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 've never had a shave with a straight razor , i strongly recommend this place be your first . if you have , you 'll find this service incomparable . this is my second visit to art of shave . the first time was last year at the mandalay bay location . both times were outstanding . i especially liked the professionalism of the staff , all impeccably dressed , well-spoken , and gracious . i wish i could do this every month !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband let me talk him into letting me book him an appointment for a little pampering , and really enjoyed their service.i got him the royal package , with includes numerous products , hot lather , and a straight-edged razor shave . he is in no way the type of guy to fuss about his appearance ( unless he is in uniform ) , but for two days following , he kept touching his face and exclaiming how nice it felt ! he is usually the type to have a five o'clock shadow by 1pm , but it lasted for a good two days . all razor handles are designed to fit gillette standard razor heads , so it wo n't cost you a fortune to replace them . finally , i have something to give him for birthday and holidays ! i will definitely be sending him back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed a beard trim pretty bad for an expo i had the next day ! for $ 15 i got my beard shaped nicely and was even given tips on how to better trim and maintain my beard on my own . i was impressed with this service and i am going to try this company when i get home ... i hope it lives up to the bar that was set at this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craig is a real pro . not only did he give me a perfect head shave , we had a great conversation as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came over from my stay across the street at the mirage . the royal shave and haircut by ray was great ! the royal shave is always a treat ; a man-cial if you will . reyna the former manager from the mandalay bay store is here and is friendly and helpful . though you can order from the website she will also do mail order and give you a 10 % discount on same day as your service at the barber spa . great friendly service ! the aos product is great and a great way to pamper yourself daily . it makes shaving more than a mundane daily ritual . i 'll be back next time i 'm in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty fun adventure here . i came in because i had previously checked out their web site when researching purchasing a double-edged safety razor . i am glad i stopped by because the sales assistant took the time to educate me on the need for oils , brush & cream , and moisturizer post shave . i realized i have been rushing it for many years with my typical edge gel and fusion razor ... .and getting unwieldy results despite paying a lot for fusion cartridges which is what got me looking at the old fashioned double-edge razors in the first place . anyways , treated myself to some shaving kits and a new merkur razor . happy so far !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best shaving place ever ! they even have an old school shave salon . it sounds pricey but worth every penny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot in mandalay bay to grab a haircut and shave . friendly & helpful staff and great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met richard today at the art of shaving . he is an asset to this business . i kinda was all over the place wanting cologne , shaving stuff like blades and soaps . he brought my chaos under control . i really like the new scents and i cant wait to try the green lavendar when it comes out . great job richard and youll be seeing me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got the most amazing shave from mike ! richard the manager runs a very tight ship . they definitely know how to take care of their vips . : ) place is super clean and friendly . i now know where to get shaved next time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience . it 's takes at least an hour which is the way it should be . not sure what all he did but my skin has never been smoother . perfect solo or for a group of guys on a bachelor party . they have a few other stores close by but it 's wise to call for an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a royal shave and beard trim and sculpt from carlos . first time here and the experience was awesome ! very relaxing and carlos was genuinely concerned about what i wanted to do with my beard . i will definitely return and i will ask for carlos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jessica was great , she helped me find a presenmt for mi padre , great shop ! and service ! :3", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just tried this place out , it was delish . the mariscoco was refreshing . it is a must try ! ! el mariscoco estava muy rico . deven de provar este lugar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just tried this spot out ! it was so delicious and fresh ! loved it ! the little oyster shooters were to die for . also had the tostada la lomita -- -mouth watering ! ! so excited this place is down the street from my work . i will probably be here everyday for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came out here on a saturday morning . ordered a dozen oysters and large cocktail with everything.. we chow it all down in 15 mins.. good as it gets . fresh and wholesome ! ! my wife never tried real mexican seafood . going back there for sure.. little hard to find ... but just slow down a little", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am quite impressed with the shrimp and fish tacos . small place that just opened 2 months ago . i am glad i came by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is pretty small , but it 's a hidden gem ! the food is really good and fresh . not to mention the fast service ! will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best seafood restaurants i 've ever been to , everything was delicious and the service was amazing ! definitely going back for more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really highly recommend this place . the coctel that i got was really good . definitely coming back ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good customer service was great plan on come back price was fare also had food for the baby small dish", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing about this place i decided to give it a try , needless to say pescado tostadas r delicious their `` malec\u00f3n '' preparadas are amazingly tasty however this place is tiny , literally a whole in the wall also the shrimp is not clean that 's why i opted for the fish tostadas yet my husband got the shrimp one and the juice to it was really flavorful . oh and the young lady was very attentive fast and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved this place..it 's a bit small , but great customer service and food was delicious . wish i would 've taken pictures to post , but did n't . we had some yummy oyster shots and preparadas . mom and aunt ordered limonadas and they were like slushies . so i ordered one too ! ! i really recommend this place.. next time ... i 'll take the hubby and child !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! comida muy buena ! ! little hole in the wall and we will definitely come back ! lugar peque\u00f1o muy escondido y volveremos pronto ! get the tostadas de ceviche de pescado ! ! buenos precios ! ! great prices ! ! ! amazing amazing amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , but never know when it 's open . really love to eat here but every time i get a big party group it 's closed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time here did n't think much of it . until i stepped in exceptional customer service and best food ! a must come to for mexican food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had shrimp civiche and a marilyn quesadilla , my wife had costa azul shrimp . all the food was fresh and good but not delicious . we were there at lunch time on a saturday and the place was packed , the servers were very friendly but the service was slow , they did n't have enough people . i think the prices are reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "muy buenos mariscos los mejores que he probado muy frescos y muy buen sabor se los recomiendo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is small and surrounded by warehouses but do n't be fooled this place is good they have fresh seafood , whole fish not to mention dishes are huge and portions well served not stingy at all , great variety if you 're in for seafood , fish , shrimp , or any kind of mariscos then this will be your place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "los mejores mariscos que eh comido en las vegas se los recomiendo . the best seafood i have ever eaten in las vegas i recommend you try it they are to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . everything i ordered was fresh and tasty . the food had good flavor development and everything came out at the right temperature .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food looks good online me wife and i came walked in the place is really small there is literally like 4 tables they were all occupied we walked away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter referred me to erica . wow ! my haircut was good and i was happy with it ; however , erica transformed it . i love my hair and the cut ! she listened to what i wanted and gave me the haircut i described ; but , after a few appointments , she suggested a small change to the cut - what a difference ! if you are looking for that `` difference , '' give erica a call . she is talented and an extremely nice person . s. ramirez", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erica is one of the most talented hairstylists that i have ever had . she has a great personality , she is a skilled listener , and she has an amazing vision . i am relatively flexible and laid back about my hair hairstyle but can be picky about elements on occasion . erica has never led me astray and has always worked with me every step of the way . i always walk away loving whatever hairstyle i end up with . she is very creative and has an eye for what looks good and suites you . oh ! ! and did i mention she does waxing too ? yes . go see her . get your brows taken care of . update your hairstyle ( cut , color , etc ) and leave a happy camper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erica is the best hair stylist i 've ever met . she is very nice , and easy to talk to , but most importantly i have the best hair cuts in my life now . i started out being very specific . as i came back over time , she made recommendations , and as i gave in to her gentile suggestions my hair has slowly gotten better and better . i 've just never met someone so good at what they do , i do n't know what else to say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the most incompetent medical facility i 've ever seen , top to bottom . everyone there hides behind protocols refusing to do a 5 second task just to be difficult . it 's actually frightening that this is a place where people depend on medical treatment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this clinic is always running behind and can never see you for a sick visit until several weeks later . i just called to schedule an appointment in 3 weeks time and they could n't get me in for 5 weeks . then when you do go expect to wait well beyond your appointment time due to them always running behind . i have tried scheduling an appointment for my 5 year old as well for a sore throat and the best they could do was a month out . at the moment this is the only place my insurance covers so i ended up paying out of pocket to see another doctor . some of the front end people give a good dose of attitude anytime you ask for anything . the back end people are very polite but only after waiting forever to get to that point . i do not recommend this place and ca n't wait to switch my insurance plan so i can see a doctor at a clinic of my choosing , this plan was gotten as a last resort and i would rather not have insurance than use it again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to start by saying that everyone i 've met here is really friendly . i still do n't understand why it took 2 weeks before i can get an appointment , only to sit here waiting for an hour and a half to get seen . it 's always the same thing : come in 15 min early , get called to the back 15 minutes after your appointment , get you weigh in and vitals , wait an hour , get so bored after looking through all your social media you seriously consider playing with their otoscope , convince yourself it 's not appropriate , wait some more ... .pout when you see that your appointment was an hour and a half ago . despite the ridiculous wait time , they still get 3 stars is because dr. sajwani is a great doctor who knows and remembers more about my medical history than i .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly front desk however seems they 're always running late on time ... . i 'm late for work and still waiting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i saw dr. zuzak yesterday and she was the best doctor i think i have ever seen ! she was very professional and very thorough . the flobotomist was also really sweet and kind even though i passed out after getting my blood drawn . i would recommend going there for a primary care doctor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a busy morning of moving i thought i would take in the qdoba after having passed it numerous times in the past . the set up is much the same as a zaba 's or a chipolte as is the chow . i ordered up a queso burrito with chicken and a side of chips w queso sauce . i found the food in general to be a bit bland which i determined to be a result of the much touted three cheese queso sauce . i flavored it up with some bottled hot sauce . not hating , not loving but just plain ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "qdoba is pretty close to home , but for some reason i never think to go here . they even mail out all kinds of bogo promos and i always miss out on using them . one evening my husband and i decided this would be a good option for a quick dinner . the menu has more variety than their competitor 's menu . they have much more than burritos and burrito bowls . i was n't expecting that kind of variety so i 'll have to try something more exciting than a burrito bowl next time . i ordered a chicken burrito bowl . the portion was n't as big as their competitor , but i actually liked that . if the food is in front of me i 'll eat it so the more reasonable portion is actually a good thing for me . i loved the taste and texture of the veggies . the flavors of the bowl overall were pretty good . my husband had a burrito and he really enjoyed it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really had no clue what type of concept qdoba was because i had never heard of it at all , this location is right by our house and we gave it try since our first time but it will be our last.. this place is barely ok , just in the same lines as chipotle : my mom ordered a ground beef taco and a beef and bean burrito as was not thrilled at all . neither was i , how can you mess up at plain basic soft taco ? their meat does n't taste good , it 's not seasoned and did n't taste fresh . i only got a soft taco with meat and cheese and it was like $ 3.00+ ! rice and beans are just so so , the best things were their chips and queso dip , that was the only redemption in this meal . if you like chipotle than you will like this place . staff was friendly and accommodating to us since it was our first time ! i hope the food quality improve :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the food and everything about this place . great food and great customer service . the food has good taste and flavorful . the burrito is hugh and the staff are nice . the atmosphere is good and a very clean place to eat . i would go back ... and i have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with all of the hype ( and controversy ) surrounding chipotle , it 's easy to forget about this little hidden gem . service can be a little on the slow side but the food is always worth the extra wait . nothing beats free guacamole & sour cream , especially considering most similar spots charge $ 1.50 extra for each . it 's the usual beef , pork , and chicken offerings with good sized portions . the shredded pork in green sauce is my personal favorite , but all of them hit the spot . a good location just a few blocks from the 215 freeway . check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is 4 star , service is 3 star . but you do n't exactly go to a qdoba for the service . the food is good , fresh tasting and every entree comes with free guacamole ! we like this place because if you 're on the qdoba mailing list you get bogos occasionally . i would recommend this place if you like chipole or similar type joints . it 's classic americanized mexican food . i like the plain veggie bowls and tacos best . the chicken is mediocre and the steak a short step up from that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its basically the same as chipotle , but better . better for two reasons : the frequent visitor card ( chips & salsa for signing up , buy 10 burritos get 1 free ) and the queso sauce . i ca n't give it 5 stars because they ( like chipotle ) put rice in the burritos . it tastes fine , but it 's technically wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go between 3 and 4 stars for qdoba . sometimes service is great ; sometimes it stinks . sometimes the food is great ; sometimes it stinks . sensing a theme here ? if i leave this place alone for a while and come back i enjoy it immensely . the food is good and fresh , albeit not authentic . and sometimes you just crave this sort of thing . i admit that when i 'm in the mood for something like this i like qdoba more than chipotle . on my last visit the service was quick and on point and the chicken tacos and three cheese queso hit the spot . i think i 'll give it some time before my next visit so i 'll like it just as much !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "q doba has no limits ! get as much as you want ! chipotle does n't carry any queso sauces of any kind . chipotle charges you for guacamole . you get all the guacamole , free at q doba ! at chipotle , they give you the standard coke selection , at q doba , more than 100 kinds of drinks ! there 's no ecoli , and no stores closing , like chipotle . if you want to trust chipotle , i wish you luck . i get better service , more food , free guacamole , 20x the choice of drinks , and no ecoli at qdoba ! q doba rocks ! i was there for lunch yesterday , and it was perfect as always . i live at cornado and eastern , where there is a chipotle a few hundred yards from my apartment . i would rather drive to q doba where they appreciate my business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even worse service than normal today . my burrito was all fixed up , and then i waited and waited for someone to ring me up . then there was a mixup that took three workers to solve . it should n't have been difficult . when i was finally finished getting rung up , the woman who was at the cash register , instead of handing me my receipt , held on to it while she turned her attention to the mixup at her side . this qdoba has consistently had really terrible service , and i 'm not gon na go here anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious ! the quesadilla , 3- knock out tacos we had were very good . food is not greasy and full of flavor . we also tried chips with queso diablo yum ! it was a bit spicy as it has chunks of jalape\u00f1o . if u are around try it . next to the henderson dmv after being there for 2 hours this meal was worth it ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "qdoba is my favorite `` fast food '' place to eat . hands down , it beats chipotle , freebirds , etc . however , i was a bit disappointed with this qdoba specifically . to me , the food did n't taste as good at this location . also , when we were waiting to order , the staff was friendly but seemed unmotivated . there was a decently long line , and all three employees dropped everything to try to figure out how to use a coupon for one customer . an entire restaurant of people stood around waiting while three employees stood around the register looking confused . other similar behaviors occurred later that suggested the staff did n't understand how to maximize their time to keep the business running smoothly and efficiently .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great place ! ! clean , warm , beautiful . burritos are just awsome , tacos are delicious 5 stars cuz you get good food and prices are fair", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in here just the other day , i wasnt to hungry so i just grabbed a side of chips and cheese . man do they make a good cheese lol . i have yet to try anything else at this place but ill have to go back again sometime soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "steak quesadilla ... that 's all you need to have a satisfactory experience . also get the queso , it 's fire .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its fast fresh mex . great service at every location . the naked burrito with no rice is a great hi pro low carb meal . mexican gumbo is also a favorite . a+ qdoba rewards card is a bonus . every tenth entree is free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service , affordable price . the staff created a plate of all 3 of the most popular tacos . the cheese dip is amazing . they were very pleasant and afterwards came to the table to clear our plates and ask if we enjoyed the food . extremely impressed with the customer service for a fast food restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if not for the buy 1 , get 1 coupon i get from the e-mail club , i 'd not come here at all . i 've had quite a few different menu items , and the carnitas bowl ( mexican gumbo ) is very good . my food usually tastes pretty fresh , and the portions are pretty big . service is usually just so-so , but speaks volumes when there are 10 other mexican places nearby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chicken burrito was amazing ! ! ! i love the chips and queso sauce . i ca n't wait to go back until i have tried everything on the menu lol love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ehh ... nothing special , the guacamole tasted funny , service was n't good either . the employees kept talking amongst themselves and barely paid any attention to me or any other customer . i 'm staying with chipotle", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the food ! unfortunately , some of the staff at this location makes your food better then others !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is good but the tacos are wayy overpriced for what you get ... at least the 3 cheese nacho bowl was good for the price . got a brownie also ... it sort of tastes like a brownie but not really.. the place is clean ... but the music is horrible . we about left mid-meal due to it . do n't know what the ____ type of music they played tonight but it was downright terrible.. we wo n't return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love quick burrito places , and chipotle tends to top the list . but qdoba comes a close second for one reason : queso sauce ! it 's spicy and goes great in burritos or on nachos . no other place carries it good as here . i know , i know ... calorie killer ! but killer taste , man . sign up for their qdoba card and you get a free welcome chips and salsa , then every tenth burrito is free . they email me $ 5 entree & drink combo coupons all the time , sometimes even buy one get one and i get to treat my coworker to free lunch . the staff has always been nice , and i like that they 're open late ( 10pm ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great but the staff needs to be as good as the food and speak english ! so this the only place where their meat is well done , it seems the other joints that are similar to this place , the steak is not as well done . so if you like well done meat it 's good . beware of staff", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all i can say is waaayyyy better than chipotle . not just the food , but the customer service was great . i had never been here before and she helped me so much with my selections . and i got guac for free ! ! ! i did n't have to pay a whole bunch extra . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a monster burrito from here ! ! ! very good salsa ; s are awesome ! if your in the mood for burrito 's i recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would give it 10 stars if i could ! every time i 'm hangry i come here . chicken queso burrito . i love how they always greet you when you come in . fast food but not fast food . the new tacos are just alright . i like the yard bird but some of the others are too complex with different flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to qdoba since i moved out here . i happened to be in the area and dived back in . my original experience back in florida was not all that great , but this was incredible . they have a unique menu with tasteful options , you can see them saut\u00e9ing fresh vegetables as i ordered . the staff was very , very nice . most importantly the food was awesome ! thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i prefer qdoba over some similar places such as chipotle mostly because qdoba has more selections to choose from and because i am a hige fan of the queso cheese . other than that this place is n't anything too special . the food is pretty good , the prices are 'ok ' , and the place is clean which is about all you can ask ; however these types of places are a dime a dozen and i can find better quality foods at carlito 's burritos or places like that . one thing that i do love and would recommend to anyone is order the chicken or steak quesadilla and order a side of chips and queso . they give you way more queso than you need for the chips , so take the chicken quesadilla and dip it in the queso cheese for an amazing taste . also , sign up for the qdoba fan club and you will get a $ 6 meal deal coupon about once a month which is a nice little deal to have .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place used to be good . i had n't been there since earlier this year . their lime rice used to be delicious and they even had grilled veggies which i would get on my naked burrito . yesterday , when my husband went to get the order which consisted of a veggie and a chicken naked burrito , he said that there was nothing in the pans and that in his words , `` they were scraping the bottom of the pans '' putting the food in our order . he ordered the chicken and got almost no chicken in there . they looked at my husband like he was crazy when he asked for the grilled veggies for my order . when he brought the food home , i noticed immediately , the rice did n't taste the same and there were no grilled veggies . they had filled it up with a lot of lettuce and very little of anything else , which was like a big salad . what a waste of money ! the quality and taste has definitely changed , and we wo n't be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love qdoba . we get the craft 2 and chips and queso and 2 drinks with free refills for around $ 20 , bucks and it 's more than enough for a quick meal . the craft 2 gives you 2 tacos and choice of another item so we get the quesidilla . yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "qdoba rewards ( free membership ) http : www.qdoba.com rewards - chipotle and qdoba seem identical except for chipotle using organic non-gmo ingredients and qdoba providing free guacamole ( chipotle charges about $ 2 ) , so i 'll say it 's a toss up on which i prefer . - i received a b1g1 free ( buy 1 , get 1 free ) entree coupon in the mail so gave this place a shot . - having signed up for qdoba rewards , about once a month i receive a b1g1 free coupon via e-mail . - the times i 've been to this location , about 10:30 am , lines were short , service was quick , food tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you not love a book shop that marks its sections using scrabble tiles ? [ a ] [ w ] [ e ] [ s ] [ o ] [ m ] [ e ] = 12 points for balfour ! and the crowd goes wild ! great books , attentive service , and a great smell : the store that symbolizes the cool grandpa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a long time fixture of college st , balfour books is a used book shop that , in usual fashion , is bursting at the seams . using scrabble letters to identify the different shelves ( brilliant , ) there 's a good chance you 'll find what you 're looking for , assuming you can actually find it . the store itself feels a bit disorganized , but only in certain parts . for example , the 'literature ' section is properly set up with an alpha by author organization , but my beef with this is that i 'm never quite sure what constitutes 'literature . ' you 'll find certain classics on small shelves throughout , but you actually have to look through each individual shelf to find anything that 's not on the top , making it a difficult and often discouraging process . one thing i 've always liked about this store is its art and art history section . they 've got a plethora of books on these subjects and you can easily get lost in the books ( in a good way ) by simply browsing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great book store . i love the racks with pocket sized paperbacks . you can always find something interesting in them . the philosophy section seems to be dwindling though . sorry to hear about the dog . it was always nice seeing it in there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved finding this bookstore while traveling with my husband in toronto . my husband is an artist and was able to find several books that bookstores in the states just do n't carry . the staff was extremely helpful and friendly - if we ever find ourselves in toronto again , i guarantee we will be back in this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here just about 12:30 today while shopping in the area to pick up a book and grab a nice quiet lunch somewhere ( i dont like eating alone unless i have a book handy ) and to my disappointment they were closed still ! i knocked on the window and no one was around . so the selection looked good from the window but unfortunately thats all i can offer for now !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "robert from daisy fresh is the best ! he is very committed to helping rv owners maintain their tanks and was very helpful to me when i had a 'mystery smell ' in my trailer that i just could n't find . he gave me some deodorant that worked like a charm on my sink trap , where the smell was coming from . i highly recommend daisy fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robert took care of the tanks in my rv yesterday and i was very happy with the service . the price is reasonable and the result was great . robert is very personable and courteous . he pays particular attention to hygiene , making sure not to contaminate any clean areas as he goes in and out by removing `` outside '' gloves and boots . as a bonus , ask him to tell you a little about music !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed my holding tanks serviced while i was in vegas last december and daisy fresh had some good reviews so i called and set up an appointment . robert is a very likable man no doubt ! what i did n't like was paying before he told me that he did n't have the equipment needed to clean my gray tanks ! so after the $ i spent with daisy fresh , i still had to find someone that could hydro-flush my gray tanks using the most modern methods of going up through the drain tubes . he flushed my black tank by going through the toliet , and after he did this i had problems with my toilet seal leaking . because of this i can not recommend his services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "referred by a friend , and i could n't be happier . i will be recommending these guys to anyone who asks . the installers were very professional , the whole experience was very smooth . i chose a less common color and it came out better than i ever could have imagined , i ca n't thank them enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job on our garage floor , i could not be more pleased with how it turned out . jeff was attentive and responsive , and their applicator dusty was good to work with as well , they did an amazing job . took about two days and then another two days to fully bond . looks tough as nails as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bullet proof did a great job of installing the floor coating that i chose . dusty was an extremely good installer . he made sure the job was done right and that i was informed about each step . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are very happy with our floors here at fifth finger studio , they are one of the first things our clients notice when they walk it . jeff and dusty helped us alot . jeff was very good at answering my questions and dusty did an amazing job on the application . thank you bulletproof !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love my new epoxy floored garage ! jeff is one of the best sales associates i have worked with . very professional and informative and i enjoyed the whole process from consulting and pricing to execution . dusty and his team were very professional , had attention to detail , and transformed my garage floor nice and neat ! ! i loved the color and quality of the work they did . definitely recommend bullet proof !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in to get supplies for my oil change and replace spark plugs , later that day i decided i did n't want to change my oil myself , but i lost my receipt . i called the store up and henry picked up the phone and said they have my purchase on file from my rewards account , he said come in and he would take care of me . i came back and he returned my purchase and even offered to help me figure out how to install my spark plugs ! i recommend that if you go to o'reilly 's and you do n't have the car iq , come and see henry , he 's the asian guy with tattoos . he will take care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy coming to this auto part store because the staff is always friendly and helpful . their prices are decent and they have a rewards program to help you save some money over the long-term . one time i saw one of the staff helping a lady by installing the headlight she purchased for her . not a lot of businesses will perform that act of kindness anymore . whenever i need parts , to rent tools or even just some advice , this is the place i go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this o'reilly is located in the target plaza almost at the corner of silverado ranch and eastern . i needed replacement wiper blades since mine were getting pretty dull and smudging my windshield . we used the little pinpad by the wiper blades to determine what length we needed . it was a good thing that an employee asked if we were doing ok because the pinpad told us a completely different size . i forgot the employee 's name but he was an older gentleman and had `` assistant manager '' on his name badge . he located the size we needed and rang us up . in and out in less than 5 minutes . easy-to-find merchandise , clean store and friendly helpful employees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . terrible attitude from `` stephanie '' . came in today to return an item and she gawked and complained when i did n't have the cars i had originally purchased the item with . even before this however she acted like everyone in the store was a bother to her . would n't be helped by her again ; thanks but i 'll wait for someone who knows what they 're doing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never felt better about an auto parts purchase ! ! not only did they help me research the correct oil for my car , they helped me save money and lent me a funnel to use . i do n't know about you all but the only thing i know about cars is where to put the gas and the most comfortable spot to make out . so if you 're like me , most places are condescending at my limited auto knowledge . these guys are the opposite and will appreciate your business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as long as ive had my newest car ( since june 16 ) ive brought my business here for what i needed so far . ive been helped by henry every time , except last night when i bought my replacement back tail light i was helped by another gentleman who was also very helpful nice and quick . anyway long story short , my grandpa ended up having a hard time installing the bulb so we thought it might of been more than the one i got . we went back to o'reillys to make sure . i was lucky enough to get henry right when i walked in , he greeted us and asked if i needed help . told him the story , he doubled checked in the computer and asked to take a look at my car . he ended up installing the bulb for us without question and seemed very glad to help ! it really made me feel valued as a customer . i didnt expect that at all . i will keep returning and recommend this location just because of the awesome customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't beat the customer service here . daniel was friendly and super helpful . helped me pick out my headlight and tail light bulbs and installed them within ten minutes without any hassle . greatly appreciated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally give the benefit of the doubt , busy , short on staff , but i came in only looking for a couple of quarts of oil . michael behind the counter did n't seem to be in the best of moods so i really did n't try to strike up a conversation . he rang me up and i gave me the total and swiped my card , i then asked if he was going to ask for my rewards customer number which i use quite frequently so i know the process . he begrudgingly said i normally would ask for it when it 's not busy , i believe i was one of two customers in the store . so he had to reswipe my debit card again so i would get credit for the transaction . just a reminder if you do n't say it they wo n't always necessarily do it , i ca n't speak for other employees just for michael .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "specifically for heather ! called about a part and unfortunately store does n't carry it . she took down my number and went to the trouble of calling a dealer to see if they could get the part . when she called back she had gotten the dealer info and also found some other options i could try . i went to the store and she came out and we looked over the piece . found out it was merely the wrong bulb in even though it was the one called for . she got the new bulbs , put them in and we tested to see if they work . she saved me money and a lot of time trying to replace a part that was n't broken . thank you heather !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for some tail light bulbs , and the guy even installed if for me . awesome service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! my car died in the vicinity and they drove me to my car and jumped it for me ... then they tested the battery and gave me an honest recommendation . everyone i spoke with was very genuine and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these gentlemen are always helpful ! today i went in for a new battery today and not only did he help me pick a battery but also did a battery test to confirm i really did need a battery . he had the same car as me so he suggested i check my warranty as well . i even came a couple weeks ago for an air filter and one of the employees checked on me to make sure i was all good with installing it . talk about customer service . they wo n't take advantage of you if your a woman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my battery died in the parking lot across from nike . went down to target , got a jump kit , drove it over , and within minutes devin was removing my battery and getting information for the replacement . i was in and out in no time . thanks to people like devin , businesses on yelp get 5 stars . solid job . thanks a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bob , i think he name was.. helped me right away without hesitation . i wanted some quotes on shocks struts ... ahh ! ! ! he was so friendly at telling me and printing the prices out for me . he had some computer issues but he worked around it . friendly staff . the store had one other customer , im not sure if he was waiting for something from the back , but he was just hanging out in the front . plenty enough parking spaces . clean store & organized", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! the customer service here was on point ! i came into this location yesterday needing new wiper blades and a turn signal bulb . i was immediately helped by heather and she made sure to get me the correct parts for my car . but the customer service does n't end there ! she even offered to install it all herself , which i was super grateful for . i have replaced the back driver side signal bulb myself before , and i know how much of a pain it is because you have to take off the whole lens just to get to it . heather completed the job in half the time it would have taken me ! great prices and even greater customer service ! thank you heather ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had what i needed . helpful and friendly , although there was a wait . prices seemed a little high . i definitely felt like a `` girl '' in there , not sure if i was going to be taken advantage of . uneasy feeling about that . id rather go there with a guy that knows what he needs and feel more confident with what i 'm being told .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the boys at this place were so helpful and did not try to rip me off when i went in there . my battery to my car was dead so i took it in to get charged . it would not charge anymore and instead of selling me a new battery they let me know that i still had a month warranty at another store . i appreciated the fact that they were so honest . i will be back for all my car needs as i feel i can trust them , which is hard to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here the other weekend and would highly recommend it . it is basically the same layout as the old bar that was there ( drinx ) but is a much trendier spot now . the drinks are reasonably priced for scottsdale and they play good music . its usually crowded so its not a place to dance , but similar to coyote ugly , the bartenders get on the bar but instead of a routine on the bar , they dance on poles . if you 're able to find a seat or booth claim it and keep it . despite the crowd i do n't usually see a long line ( and if there is it moves fast ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "damn , those bartenders are hot ! i 'd rather come here than a strip club . the chicks are hotter ( fitter ) & i do n't have to watch anyone get naked . i like that wide eyed innocent cowgirl look . these girls are n't haggard or look like they 've just seen too much . too bad this bar 's in tempe . guys will chat you up & ask for your # but wo n't buy you a drink . douchebaggery ! oh , & if you stand up off your stool to pick something up some bleach blonde bimbo bitch in heels might try to steal it literally out from under you . i 'm not talking about how you walked away from your stool & then someone else fairly claimed it . i mean you 're still leaning over it about to sit back down . got ta love those spoiled snobs that think they 're entitled !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shotgun betty 's rocks . i 've been there twice and had fun both times . the first was during our 80 's bar crawl and the second during my jungle mania birthday prowl . we were n't charged a cover either nights . the very , very young wait staff and bartenders take turns dancing on the bar . i prefer the bartenders at the dirty dogg saloon because they are older and more skilled , but i had a good time at shotgun betty 's regardless of the bartenders young age and lack of dancing skills . the music is great ( rock and country rock ) and the age of the crowd varies . i will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the standard cowgirls-dancing-on-the-bar bar -- only it 's in scottsdale , so the cowgirls are a bit hotter than most places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was only here for a short pits stop of the night , not enough for a real review.. but when i see that they apparently hires veterans and have girls dancing on poles - i have to like it . so , i made up my mind to come back here and fully put this place to test . right now i deem it an interrim 4 star due to the atmoshepe that was enjoyable . next time i will try all they got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in at shotgun betty 's for the first time on monday , june 4th , even though there were few patrons the music was playing loud with a great vibe and enjoyable conversation with the bartenders . i plan on going back soon - everyone was super friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loud , scantly clad girls dancing on poles in the back ( does n't bother me but causes the crowd to be comprised of the next complaint ) , gross , drunk old men drooling underneath the dancing girls , impossible to get a drink on a busy night , and if you do manage to get a drink it will be promptly spilled everywhere as ten people try to get a spot at the bar . the best time i 've ever had at the bar is leaving .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was packed on a saturday night . no cover charge standing room only . we never made it to the bar but beer was everywhere so i guess it 's cheap . the crowd was also 20 something college kids . no dancing room . i would n't go back the only thing that attracted me to walk in was the big sign out front and the pretty girl on a table selling beer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "betty 's is all about the ambience . it 's a biker dive with hot , tatt'd-up waitresses dancing on the bar , paying homage to classic rock and eclectic decor that resonates the same theme . i go here because you can let your hair down after shoving through the crowds at the old town nightclubs . great patio and this place is literally always open . i walked past it going into work at 6am one day and some guy was drinking breakfast out front . love it ! it might not be the type of place where you stick around for a long time , but it can be a great start for your night or a pause along a crawl to different bars . go here in the afternoons around happy hour and they have a buffet of greasy appetizers : buffalo wings , mozzeralla sticks , etc . sometimes they even bring out full pizzas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a guy 's bar . rock music , scantly clothed waitresses that dance around poles attached to the bar ... .but i will say we had fun there but only because we were in a big group that managed to snag tables . otherwise i went , i saw , i do n't need to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here once after work . it was n't quite yet poppin , but i knew if i stayed long enough it would be . they play some good country tunes here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent bar , friendly staff , and i did n't have a wait to get in . i have no idea what kind of place this is - i never saw anyone getting into brawls or dancing on a bar - but i also went pretty early in the night . i just know that it 's not a club club ( with rave lights or whatever the hell goes on in a club ) and it 's not some pretentious upscale bar in scottsdale . pretty legit and i 'd go there again as long as it was n't busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in early on a thursday night . the staff was dismissive . they change the prices on drinks by a dollar here and there . someone is skimming the till . the pole dancers sucked too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have n't had the food , but the scenery is great . i like that they play rock music because i 'm not really into house club . get there just a little before the crowd , get a seat and enjoy the view .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have stopped by here several times over the past two years , most recently this past weekend . it is kinda sorta a biker bar at some points in the day and you can always find one or two rough types milling about . other nights there will be tourists and couples filling the booths . you can always find those hot women dancing on the bars and that is comforting . there are no sports on tv here only obscure music videos exactly in sync with the obscure songs . small outdoor patio which would be good if not for the smokers who take it over and watch out for the beer girl , who shorted me five bucks change on my first beer purchase . her hotness did not stop me from getting the money . not a bad place overall once in awhile , somewhat refreshing as the college or dooshbag crowd does not normally end up here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice change of pace from many of the other bars in the area . a fun rock bar with some scantily clad bartenders", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like warming up at shotgun betty 's . they play rock like guns and roses , ac dc and rage . interesting crowd of jesse james wanabes and rocker type motorcycle thugs . good place to people watch . other than that nothing really outstanding to say about the place . i will go back for some eye openers before hitting other venues in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "servers in daisy dukes dancing on stages , everything from classic to modern rock playing , what more can you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these place is turning into my usual night spot . besides the fact that there 's no cover , or that they play old rock , and 90 's stuff or that they have good looking girls behind the bar . its got a really good feel to it.. like a dive bar meets the fancy popped collar part of scottsdale.. and lets be honest , its a breath of fresh air really . who whats to be fancy all the time anyways ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all depends on when you go , they have a great staff , but they can get overwhelmed when it gets really crazy in there . they do n't play the usual pop songs , which is great . it is centrally located to tons of places so we make this a usual stop on our rounds around town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap drinks and hot women . what more could you ask for ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun bar with a coyote ugly feel . girls dancin on the bars with some cool loud rock music . you 'll love it if ure a child of the 80 's . prices r very good an better than most in old town . highly recommend to atleast stop here once if ure here for spring training .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the only bars in old town that i actually enjoy . the atmosphere is pretty laid back . they play great music ! mostly 80 's rock , but i 'm happy with anything that is n't rap or that shitty dub step noise . the service was great . i only drink beer though , so i just kept getting them from the beer tub . $ 4 for corona was n't bad ! my girlfriends all had mixed drinks , and it seemed like they were served quickly & the drinks were made well . i think i enjoy betty 's , is because it 's not full of a bunch of scottsdale douche bags . do n't walk in expecting anything more than a rock & roll bar . that 's all it is , & it 's awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to admit shotgun betty 's boasts a decent selection of music music videos , especially on metal thursdays ... but let 's face it ... located in old town scottsdale , surrounded by bars like martini ranch , revolver , etc ... . you 're gon na find the same old scottsdale crowd . and we all know what that means . fist pumpin , dubstep lovin , tapout wearin dbags . if you 're like me however , you can look past all that , and truly appreciate this bar for what it is . a rock bar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wish that yelp had half start because this was n't quite 5 stars but pretty close . great mix of modern and 90 's 80 's hard rock hair bands . great staff of smoking hot tattooed ladies . drinks came fast and bills were accurate . just a great bar . we had bottle service reservation for 10pm elsewhere or we would have stayed here all night . the music is loud and fast , the action is fun . the crowd is much less snobsdale that so many other places in old town . great fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a guy 's bar . lot 's of hot waitresses dancing on stripper poles . cheap beer and loud music . i 've actually always had really good service though not always prompt as your girl may be on the bar . take it for the spectacle that it is and keep moving . there is enough self promotion on the outside of the bar to tell whether you will like the bar or not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "metal ! i absolutely love this place , i came here last night and had the greatest time . the drinks were good , the staff was awesome , and the girls there were some awesome eye candy . my friends , fiance , and i were able to jam out to pantera , metallica , motley crue , and alice in chains.. and we were in scottsdale ? ! ? whatt ? they actually play good music in scottsdale ? unbelieveable , i know . my fiance and i were in heaven , we will definitely be coming here for many many many more nights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bring 1 's . cheap beers . great 80 's metal music . went there on a thursday night . pretty much a sausage fest for the 40 's crowd . it 's one of those bars that religious guys who feel guilty about going to strip joints hang out at with the hope of seeing young slutty women . that 's not a bad thing ... again , great metal and rock music.. girls in daisy dukes and bikini tops dancing on poles . we left after bout 90 minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "girls dancing on the bar in daisy dukes , cowboy boots and hats , and oh-so-coyote ugly fashioned choreographed line dances on the bar ? sounds like a good time . its a fun dive bar with a little extra something . oh , and the only place in old town scottsdale where you can escape top 40 and techno music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a big fan of this place . a must stop spot when out on the town in scottsdale . it 's not for the faint of heart however . if you like harley davidson , girls in scantily clad clothing , pole dancing , and beer , you will love this place . rock & roll heaven right here . if you are not a fan of those sorts of themes , shotgun betty 's will definitely make you feel uncomfortable . drink specials are nothing unique , but the few beers that i got were absolutely ginormous for the price , so that is always good . the only downside is that this is a relatively small bar . it can get jam packed very quickly especially on a saturday night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a tourist who was in scottsdale for my honeymoon , we were only a walk away from this place . my wife was hesitant on trying it out , but we liked the service we got . we drank in the morning afternoon ( do n't worry , we never drink that early except for vaca ) , and the bartender made us some nice drinks . -might sound surprising , but most of the bars and restaurants in scottsdale phoenix area were n't good , and maybe i 'm guessing it 's because they know they will get tourists no matter how much their staff sucks . however though , shotgun betty 's was good to us , and we even got a couple free rounds of drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "weird vibe . thursday night , and was busy . staff was avg . all the girls who do n't give a f work here , which gives a cool , nobody is better attitude . place was a cool vibe , and a strip show without the clothes coming off . bring some 1 's . great patio ... ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i guess this is what happens when you have `` shotgun '' in the name of your nightclub : and the guy is 40 years old ! lol http : www.abc15.com dpp news region_northeast_valley scottsdale man-arrested-for-firing-gun-after-he % 27s-kicked-out-of-scottsdale-nightclub scottsdale , az - police say a man is accused of firing a gun into the air after he was kicked out of a scottsdale nightclub . according to officer david pubins , 40-year-old rene tello was kicked out of shotgun betty 's nightclub wednesday night due to intoxication .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shotgun betty 's now has a full service kitchen ! went with the girls yesterday for happy hour and was glad to try their new menu . can you say jalapeno cheese curds ? ? ? friendly staff , easy parking right out front , relaxed place , good music and i loved the patio . i will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not your typical scottsdale bar which is perhaps what makes it fun . the music selection is loud and alternative and the waitresses double as go-go dancers so it 's definitely a light-hearted , fun atmosphere . leave the pretention outside the doors of this place and get ready to have some good old fashioned fun !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place was n't bad . it 's okay . i 've been a few times and was n't too thrilled with the service . the drinks were n't anything special , it 's just like any other bar . based on the times i 've been , the place looks packed and super fun , but i think it 's just because their patio is in the front and that 's where the smokers are . i dig the music , not really the people and i love my bars and clubs and old town but if i want a good bar with good service and people , i 'd probably go next door to djs or giligan 's or the old town tavern or to the rusty spur and that list could go on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a joke . a trashier version of coyote ugly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good indoor outdoor bar . great variety of music . indoors , music is a little loud to have a conversation but the patio is great . there was a good mix of different age groups each of the times i was at this bar . staff is friendly . good place to stop for a couple of drinks when out in scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "use to love going to betty 's but service has really gone downhill in the past two years . on this recent visit the bartender never made eye contact and waited several minutes to have her even serve us ( there was less than 10 people in the bar ) . we ordered two drinks and one was made wrong . she corrected her mistake but being friendly goes a long way . our group of 6 stayed for one round and headed out whereas in the past we would have stayed for several rounds . i miss how fun this place use to be and how friendly the staff was . it 's just not like that anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was a lot of fun ! the staff is fun friendly and sexy , the drinks are n't too expensive , and the music is great . the downside is there is n't much space and it gets crowded fast . if you get claustrophobic , do not even bother , you 'll probably have a heart attach .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! where else can i drink and smoke ( on the patio ) and listen to old 80 's metal ? ? the waitresses are hot and friendly , they never let your glass get empty and it 's just a fun place ... love sb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a horrible auto shop . i went there to get a heater regulator which only has 2 hose clamps and 1 screw to replace it . i asked if i could just take the part home and i would be able to install it myself in 10 minutes . they insisted that they install the part and would only charge me for 30 minutes or less for the labor.. i understand that they want to make the extra money for labor so i said ok . i watched the mechanic remove the part which only took him 2 min . he then continues to walk around the shop and not do any work for the next hour . then he took the new part to my truck and installed it in 5 min . at the end of my visit they ended up charming me for a whole hour of labor and overcharging me by $ 100 dollars for something i wanted to do myself . i will never go to this place again and i recomendation nobody else go there either unless you want to get ripped off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the only place i trust with my car . frank is wonderfully sweet and always willing to tell me whatever i need to know about what 's going on with my vehicle and i do n't feel taken advantage of because i 'm a woman . i shudder when i think about taking my car anywhere else - even just for an oil change . super honest and i do n't hafta worry about them `` magically '' finding something else wrong when i take it in for something to be looked at , like when i 've taken it anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are the best in business , i drive over 30 miles just to have them service our honda van . i would n't go anywhere else because i only trust r & r , very honest people . their prices is also very reasonable , i have saved thousands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "far and away the best experience i could have hoped for , and a life ( of my car ) saver . i brought my car to another shop with what i hoped was just a quick belt fix and found out that i was in need of a new crankshaft and hours upon hours of labor . the cost of repair was close to the value of the car , and so , even though i trusted the guys who made the original diagosis , i had it towed to r & r for a second opinion . the first guys were n't wrong , and the guys at r & r told me that the quote for parts and labor i had was very reasonable . however , r & r was able to save my old crankshaft . through creativity and craft they were able to accomplish a repair that i do n't think many even very skilled mechanics would attempt , and they saved my car . you can not ask for better and there is n't a business in any industry that i would more adamantly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my truck in thinking it was a fuel injector so did they by what i described . called back to say it was the starter . a difference of over 400 dollars . honest mechanics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place . great service . honest work . ca n't say enough about them . so grateful i was referred to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i am super happy . i was referred to r & r by a friend who told me to talk to chris , who is the owner . i dropped my truck off to chris on a wednesday and received a call thursday morning that my truck was done . upon my arrival , chris told me they only found a bad fuse and there would be no charge ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! as others have written , chris and his shop have a high level of integrity and honesty and they have developed another loyal customer in me . also , frank and the rest of the staff that i spoke with while there were very pleasant and friendly . i will continue to go to r & r for my auto repair needs and recommend r & r to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris was my auto shop professor , this is his family 's store . great people of course , although i have a bias ... as my professor , i know how knowledgeable chris is about cars . i believe the rest of the shop crew are also up to his standards since i 've seen mostly the same faces for over 5 years . they have been courteous as far as i 've seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i did business with r & r i did simply because my truck broke a fan belt at the stop light in front of their shop and started overheating . since then ( appox . 3 years ) r & r has been servicing not only my personal vehicle but my small fleet of shuttle buses . they have always been fair and do good quality work and complete repairs in a timely manner . when a issue with a repair arises they are very proactive about resolving it and taking responsibility it needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my battery died ! fast and great service . my battery was still under warranty . i paid a minor labor fee and i was out . thanks guys ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a relief ! finding an honest , fairly priced mechanic when i moved to las vegas was a huge worry for me . after being quoted $ 700+ for repairs on my taurus by one of the chain locations in the valley , mike at r & r took care of me for 1 3 the price . my vehicles are always ready quickly and the service is very friendly . i definitely recommend r & r !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing prices for locals . awesome atmosphere . couches , tv and great bunch of guys . coffee is available for free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while on my honeymoon a couple weeks back i stopped in here . a few of my cigar costumers said this was the only place to go . and man were they right . great humidor and even better prices . i spoke with jason who was very knowable on all the cigars and was very friendly . i recommend this place to all my smokers going to vegas ! ! man i wish i lived closer i would be in there every day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best selection of cigars in all of vegas ! smoking environment is extremely kool ! i highly recommend anyone who really is seeking a great cigar to go here ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "der gr\u00f6\u00dfte , der beste , der k\u00f6nig der schuhmacher ! handwerkskunst hoch 3 ! freundlich , kompetent und fachm\u00e4nnisch , egal ob sonderanfertigung ( wie z.b . meine biker boots ) oder reparaturen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prima schuhmacher , der sein handwerk versteht ! auch wenn man im ersten moment den laden als etwas chaotisch einstuft - erstaunlich , dass immer alle schuhe wieder gefunden werden , bei der menge , die er repariert ! ich hab ihm mal ein paar teuere lederstiefel gebracht , die an den waden etwas eng waren . nach einem ersten ( erfolglosen ) versuch hat er sich was einfallen lassen , beraten und umgearbeitet - der meister ist jeden cent wert , denn der stiefel passt jetzt perfekt ! also , leute , bringt euer gutes schuhwerk da hin , wenn was dran zu machen ist ! preis : etwas teurer , qualit\u00e4t : 1a beratung : prima , reparaturzeiten : eher 3-4 , aber es lohnt sich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich bringe zum schuhmeister j\u00e4kel meine reitstiefel , stiefeletten & chaps und war bisher mit dem ergebnis immer sehr zufrieden ! daf\u00fcr nehme ich dann sogar die fahrt extra von b\u00f6blingen nach stuttgart in kauf . es ist dort zwar auch nicht ganz billig , aber die qualit\u00e4t ist daf\u00fcr wirklich sehr gut und die preise sind im vergleich zu anderen auch nicht total \u00fcberteuert . meine lederstiefel habe ich jetzt insgesamt glaub ' schon mind . 4-5 mal f\u00fcr verschiedenste dinge zu ihm gebracht und sie sind immer noch top in schuss - und das , obwohl sie inzwischen auch schon stolze 9 jahre auf dem buckel haben.. : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "der jaekel ralf schuh-service geh\u00f6rt wirklich zu den besten in ganz stuttgart . zwar nicht ganz so preiswert wie seine kollegen , daf\u00fcr aber immer sehr zufriedenstellend ! kann ich wirklich nur empfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seit 1932 gibt es den laden , von ralf jaekel . er arbeitet f\u00fcr die gro\u00dfen musicals , die kleinen theater und hat wohl die besten schuhe der stadt . prominente und politiker sind genauso seine kunden wie der kleine mann von neben an . auf seine ma\u00dfschuhe , sagt er : gebe ich 10 jahre garantie ! seine schumacherrei umfasst all das was an den fu\u00df passt . tanzschuhe , 7 meilen stiefel , pumps und vieles mehr . in jedem fall sind die fu\u00dfeinlagen zu empfehlen ! danach gehen sie durch ein anderes gesundes leben und viele schmerzen sind wie verschwunden . neckarstrasse 126 70190 stuttgart http : www.meister-jaekel.de 0711 267346", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicht zu vergessen : ralf jaekel macht auch ma\u00dfschuhe . ab ca . 500 euro kann man sich ma\u00dfgeschneiderte - oder hei\u00dft es ma\u00dfgeschusterte ? - schuhe machen lassen , die bei guter pflege ewigkeiten halten . allein das anmessen ist schon ein event ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dieser schuhmacher liebt sein handwerk ! ob stiefel weiten oder auch die lieblingsschuhe wieder in eine ansehnliche form zu bringen , alles wird mit liebe und handwerklichem k\u00f6nnen gemeistert . ich bin begeistert , dass ich immer einen top schuh und auch gute tipps zur pflege bekomme .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "es gibt keinen besseren schuhmacher in stuttgart : punkt , basta , aus . l\u00e4ngere wartezeiten muss man in kauf nehmen , kein wunder bei den mengen , die meister jaekel zu reparieren hat , aber das warten lohnt , das resultat ist jedes mal wieder erfreulich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "uebrigens war der laden noch besser und orginaler , als die alte jaekelin , die mutter des jetztigen schumachers die sache geschmissen hat . da war er weniger auf schick & old-school , sondern noch richtig orginal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "der einzige schuster , dem ich noch vertraue ! leider wohne nicht in stuttgart und muss meine schuhe 200 kilometer weit bef\u00f6rdern , um sie zu dem mittlerweile einzigen schuhmacher meines vertrauens zu bingen . das tue ich nun seit \u00fcber 10 jahren allerdings sehr gerne . ralf jaekel ist kein schlappenflicker , sondern ein vorz\u00fcglicher fachmann . wenn man ihm wertvolle , handgearbeitete schuhe anvertraut , arbeitet er stets perfekt . er hat mir nicht nur ein mal meine aldens aus pferdeleder auf neue rahmen gen\u00e4ht , die ein diletant kaputtgeschliffen hatte . einige davon besitze ich nun seit \u00fcber 20 jahren und dank ralf jaekel sind diese schuhe immer noch in hervorragendem zustand . an meine schuhe lasse ich nur noch einen schuster , n\u00e4mlich ralf jaekel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "skateboarders hangout ... full of student activist ... little character ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for bmxers , boarders or rollarbladers . only realy much use for grinds though . awesome place in the middle of the city though . during the festival there is normally a play gig theatre here . there is sometimes wood to use for a ramp and lots of other friendly people but dont leave things along or they will get stolen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "built in the last century , bristo square still compliments the elaborate 19th century mcewan hall next to it , with its wide open space with a decorative outlining . bristo square is owned by the university of edinburgh and being next to several uni buildings , it is usually a popular gathering point for students , and on sunny days makes a nice eating area . at weekends it attracts a lot of skaters and rollerbladers , and crossing the square can become a touch precarious . at all times it also seems to attract more colourful , jolly visitors ( some might call them drunks ) . though the juxtaposition with these two groups is often amusing . at weekends it can also fill up with students from nearby student union teviot , or other nearby pubs . but do n't be put off ! with mcewan hall nearby this is an easy tourist spot to just drop by . during the summer it becomes a festival venue and as matthew mentions , it houses the every popular e4 sponsered underbelly tent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bristo square is edinburgh 's unofficial skate park . it has absolutely no facilities whatsoever , it 's just a paving-stoned square with walls that are good for doing tricks on . i 'm not exactly sure why all the cool skate kids choose to hang about here , except that i think the nearest real skate park is in musselburgh , but they do . always . you 'd think the almost-constant stream of students ( it 's part of the university campus ) or the scary drunks that sit at the edge would put them off , but it does n't . it is the place to skate , or to set up bmx jumps , or to sit moodily watching . i should imagine it 's a great place for skater-types to meet like-minded folk . however , it 's also a place of great entertainment value for the students wandering around : `` look , look , he 's gon na fall , he 's gon na fall -oh - ooooooow nice . '' ah , the happy sadistic sport of guess-the-broken-bone . thankfully , the university medical centre is just next door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are some good dishes here . pricey but good . the atmosphere is nice too like a little intimate tea house or something . i feel that for the amount of food for the money , it 's not worth it . they do serve some food that no other place serve . i ca n't remember but i think okonomiyaki or some sort of pork bun was one of them . but again , the portions are small for everything and pricey . the water tastes fantastic by the way . i do n't know where they get their water but you should go in to get a glass of water if you have the chance !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this eclectic restaurant with a japanese cuisine focus is somewhat difficult to locate , but worth it . you must try the okonomiyaki . it 's a common japanese dish that most americans have never heard of . it 's very delicious in general , but nobuo takes it to the next level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little gem in phoenix . beard award winner chef nobuo puts up a tapas-style show a flavors , ingredients and presentations in an unpretentious environment . all the dishes we tried were great , including the foias gras , hamachi , squash blossom tempura , eggplant and miso cod . this one 's a keeper !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in 20 words or less : hamachi with grapefruit , avocado , and white truffle ponzu oil . just do it . you wo n't regret it . great location , cozy ambiance , eclectic wine and spirits menu , and absolutely stellar food . standouts were the aforementioned hamachi , and eggplant with bacon and red miso . foie gras with apples and a red wine reduction was a decadent indulgence , and pork belly buns were a filling , comfort food complement to more composed dishes . service was great ; the staff was very knowledgeable and accommodating . a fabulous night out , i ca n't wait for a repeat visit . hamachi hamachi hamachi hamachi hamachi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent japanese restaurant serving entrees that are comparable , if not sometimes better , than food you can find in san francisco 's japantown . i was very excited to find they had okonomiyaki , and while there is only one kind of okonomiyaki that they will make , it was delicious , and actually better than okonomiyaki that i 've had in san francisco . it was perfectly grilled , with a lot of vegetable and meat , with lots of flavor . i also tried the steamed buns , which are the type that look more like asian tacos rather than meat enclosed in white puffy bun , but tasted very good nonetheless . if i am in this area , i will definitely be going here to try more items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the teeter house itself is very cool . nobuo has a very nice interior decor , it 's a very calm , relaxed , even romantic environment . i love japanese food . have been to japan and eaten a wide variety of japanese food . the food at nobuo was good , but it is very posh , very pretentious , very small portions , very expensive . this is essentially japanese tapas , lots of small dishes . very small dishes . i gave 3 stars because i actually did n't feel like the food was that amazing , and considering the price , i felt the value was poor . the staff was great though . but , if you are pretentious or want to impress someone who is , this is the place for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delightful , surprising , and light japanese fare . nobuo at teeter house is hidden away in a quiet part of phoenix , in a converted house . the interior is minimalist , dim , and chic . prices are steep but the experience is absolutely worth it . every option was delicious and memorable . plates are small and of very high quality . noise level is low . service is helpful . good date spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was good , but not great ... and i actually held off writing the review b c i was thinking of waiting to go again and make sure i 'm just not the completely messed up no account yelper ... but i probably would n't make a point unless i 'm in heritage square again . and tonight , i did eat at a japanese joint that blew my socks off and gave me a baseline for this 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when my wife picked this place i asked her if she wanted to eat , or dine . the food was exquisite and the service was impeccable . each dish was a work of art , a pleasure to both the eyes and the lips . we had a white fish carpaccio that exploded with unique and complementary flavors . it deserves to be singled out for special recognition , but everything was special . really .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing . my coworker and i were sent to phoenix for work and he suggested we try this place for dinner . i was a bit weary since i heard that the portions were small and the faire was somewhat pricey . although that is in fact the case , the quality , taste and overall ambiance of the place made it definitely worth it . we practically ordered everything off the menu and we left ( borderline ) uncomfortably stuffed . my three favourite dishes were the short rib & pork belly and softshell crab sandwiches and the grapefruit & hamachi . if only they had this restaurant in san diego ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never tasted better octopus , lamb , eggplant , pork buns , himachi , snap peas , clams , & sea bass . ( we went a little crazy , was so hard to choose ! ) they are small bites but the dishes are to die for . i would be happy eating nothing but their eggplant for the rest of my life . great saki selection , tasty cocktails , good atmosphere . one of the best meals i 've ever had . i would highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice ambiance . a re-appropriated house downtown , decorated with style . trendy sort of place . `` cordial '' staff . almost caught a whiff of a pretentious , snooty vibe from one or two ... but only almost . our server was nice at least . great food . loved everything we tried . including the japanese imported beer . everything is super pricey -- including the beer . i do n't mind splurging on a nice meal here and there , but when so doing i do n't like to leave hungry . i really like some things about nobuo , but i think there 's room for improvement . i do n't see myself returning any time soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chef nobu is an extraordinary culinary talent and we are fortunate to have him here in phoenix . first rate asian cuisine , comparable with the finest restaurants in ny and san fran .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i joined a friend of mine here for her birthday dinner . reservations had to be made so i assumed it was pretty upscale . especially after reading the reviews . the pro 's : atmosphere is simple yet intimate and sophisticated . server was knowledgeable over the entire menu . including the wine list . food was heavenly ! felt like i was showcasing dishes from iron chef or some other food challenge show . like a food orgasm of flavor and textures in my mouth ! ! ! the con 's ; small portions & extremely pricey ! we easily spent $ 70 per person . parking was confusing ! no street parking , parking garage around the block . teeter house will validate so make sure to take your ticket with you . food prep time was a bit long ( over 30 minutes ) . overall great upscale dining experience , great for a nice date nite . just make sure your date has some class & some cash ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very creative but a bit of a lack of flavor love the ambiance . i would come back for a date nite cocktails looked awesome", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every bite of every tapas here are just pure bliss ! yellowtail and grapefruit , pork belly buns , oyster uni , japanese pancakes . . . how can you not be salivating right now ? i am looking forward to trying the other tapas dishes . i may just have to push back visits to sens .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovingly prepared japanese `` appetizers '' . there are two similar izakayas in the denver boulder region so we had something to compare to . the menu at nobuo is smaller , but we were impressed by the server and chef taking time to explain the foods and flavors , and you could tell they took pride in getting things just right . exotic and delicious food , with service to match .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the ambiance is great and it has such a romantic feel in case you guys need to take your ladies out somewhere nice . the hubby and i got one dish from each category and everything was delicious and so nicely presented . the service was great with the server giving wonderful recommendations . we had the tako age , shiromi carpaccio which was by far my fave , and the soft shell crab sandwiches . it 's on the pricey side but its great quality tapas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nobuo shows his unique talents with everything on the menu . carefully crafted features with much to drink . start with the pork belly buns and a stout . then go on until you can no longer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had one of my best meals ever at this restaurant . even my two year old loved the food . super cute quaint restaurant with authentic decor . food is amazing and each plate was better than the next . the beer was great , the service was great , the food was amazing . i 'll be back next time i 'm in phoenix . it 's a bit pricey but worth it for the quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow- this restaurant was great ! it was recommended to us by our hotel concierge . we drove 15 miles from north scottsdale and had a fantastic dinner . the service was great , it 's non-pretentious , and the food is delicious . i can ' wait to go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the dishes are thoughtfully put together . i love the simplicity and fusion behind all of the dishes being served here . i highly recommend chef nobuo 's pre-fix dinner for valentine 's day to anyone who have never done here . my hubby and i went here on valentine 's day a few years ago , and we were so impressed with the menu and the service . my 2 top picks for the current menu are pork belly buns , and short rib salad . for more delicious food posts , please follow me @ brooklyn409 on instagram .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am writing an update cause i had the opportunity of sitting on the porch of the restaurant the other night with a companion cause it was pouring down buckets . it happened to be first friday . we had ridden the light rail downtown to the az science center and thought we 'd walk around to see what , if anything , exciting was going on . the owner 's , nobuo , wife served us . i ordered wine and i do n't remember what my companion ordered . either a beer or wine . i did n't pay attention . i believe nobuo 's wife 's name is sarah . my companion mentioned to her that he had met the owner prior , whereupon nobuo came out to say `` hi , '' and we had a short chat . both are such friendly and charming people . very , very gracious and not the typical `` full of himself '' type of person that i 've experienced with other restaurateurs around the valley who are world renowned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grapefruit and hamachi ... do not miss this one ! this is one of the best bites i 've ever had . wish that more of the dinner items were available for lunch ! we will be back ! yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "besides being directed to a table that we expressed disapproval ( which they would not change despite no one siting in other tables during our stay ) , the food , although good , was very expensive for the quality and quantity . the ambiance was dreadful in the hallway that we were sat . as diligent restaurant goers , we expressed our concerns to the manager who was less than receptive and offered no remedies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious . we had a number of dishes , all amazing . seabass was my favorite , but soft shell crab salad , chicken and lamb were also tasty . great cocktails if you do not want to try one of the many sake selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this restaurant ! ! amazing japanese food . however it is pricy for it 's dishes and focuses on tapas so if you 're looking for a full meal , i would try a different place . service is good bug quite slow . the dinner took 2.5 hours and they bring each tapas one by one . for the main tapas , highly recommend the oysters , ceviche , tuna tartare , and foie gras . cocktails were also great . reservations were a bit weird . we had a party of six and opentable would only let us reserve for four so called and they were able to change the reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great japanese food experience , but in a old victorian era home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "positives : ambiance & service . orange mouse was a great dessert ! negatives : everyone on yelp appears to be raving about the hamachi grapefruit sushi . fish was not fresh . expected more out of a highly rated japanese restaurant . the tea was bitter . the desert was an odd mix of both sweet ( orange mouse yay ! ) and savory ( tomato basil cake boo ) . not a fan of savory deserts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found this place accidentally as i cruised around phoenix downtown , but i 'm having trouble to park as this place is located right inside the historic heritage square . if you go to nobuo , make sure you order 6 kinds of food cause they only provide a mini portion of the food . i tried to order okonomiyaki which i found surprisingly great and probably the best okonomiyaki in town , kumamoto oyster with uni which is absolutely splendid , but it was only a small portion , and a fantastic coconut curry grilled lamb with mango salad which is the most addictive food cause i 'm craving for more . overall i 'm highly satisfied . wonderful dining experience indeed ; ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best seafood i 've had in arizona , let alone japanese . its in a historic house across from pizzeria bianco . cocktails and beer go perfectly with the food . its all small shared plates so 2 people should order at least 5 dishes . the japanese beers are unique as well and pair perfectly with the seafood . nake a reservation and park in the garage on 5th , they validate at the restaurant . service was friendly and casual . great romantic date spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great , somewhat non-traditional japanese restaurant . as a morimoto fan , i 've had great japanese , and this is a very good option . not a traditional sushi restaurant , in that they do n't appear ( at least for dinner ) to have a la carte sushi rolls , sashimi , and nigiri , but rather have an a la carte hot cold menu , as well as several tasting options . the food and service were very good , and i enjoyed the meal quite a lot . the location is an old house , which makes it somewhat different than what you 'd expect in a japanese restaurant . very much worth the visit ! -j", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice setting with great food . try the pork belly buns and soft shell crab sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ... this is the second time i was here and it 's an unbelievably wonderful place . dishes are small but very high quality and inventive presentation . fairly priced given how good the food is . the salmon and lamb were particularly good . the service was attentive and knowledgable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere , trendy and the food was good . small portions were to be expected given this place is trying to position itself as a 5-star , famous in-house chef type restaurant . but this is where nobuo ultimately fails - if you want to come on at this price point and position at the top , you 've got to nail it on all levels . service here was amateur at best and while top notch , the food was n't as good as what you 'd expect were you to go to a similar level restaurant in la or nyc . nobuo is a good four star restaurant priced and positioned as a five star experience - it 's good but i would n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is really good for a date night . the general ambiance is very romantic . when we first arrived we were the only people there and we were treated exceptionally . even when 2 other couples came in ( one was annoyingly loud ) we still had fantastic service . the whole meal was rather expensive for the volume we got , but you are really paying for the skill of the cooks and the general ambiance of the restaurant . while all of the food was good , the best part of the meal , both my date and i agreed on , was our white dragon jasmine tea . our server allowed us to seep the same kettle several times and we nearly filled up on just the tea ! i would highly recommend this place as a good romantic date locationh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the pork belly buns . did you get that ? pork belly buns . stop reading this and order them already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , this place is completely not the place for you if you have any desire to modify a dish , have any sort of allergy , want a simple bowl of rice on the side or need any sort of easy accommodation . on the plus side , the two things i could eat were good ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really good food in a cute setting ! i like how the restaurant is set up in little rooms . ( it is a house after all ... ) that makes for a more intimate , quieter meal . the omakase dinner was not available the night i went , so we ordered off the menu . the hamachi with grapefruit was awesome as were the soft shell shrimp & green papaya slaw ( great for snacking with a glass of cold beer ) . but the star of the night was definitely the pork belly buns . finally , a creative way to eat pork belly ! the soft , white buns complemented the fat from the pork belly very well . parking was actually note that bad since the restaurant offers validation for the parking structure next door . pricing is also reasonable for the quality of food . this is an all-around winner . i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best and most interesting sushi ever . the selection of sake is incredible . first time i have had it chilled and served like wine . the place is expensive , but worth it . do not be afraid to try something unique .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard about nobuo 's restaurant but did n't know much about it . after a friend 's recommendation 4 of us made our way over to nobuo at teeter house last saturday night . the teeter house is a great little place that provides the perfect atmosphere for an intimate date or a dinner with a few friends . the izakaya style of food is a great way to sample a bunch of nobuo 's creations . we ordered nasu bacon miso , grapefruit & hamachi , kumamoto oysters with uni , hirame carpaccio , coconut curry grilled lamb , and okonomiyaki . while all the food was amazing , the grapefruit & hamachi was my favorite . each bite was served in a spoon and unbelievably crafted with an explosion of flavor . i could eat a dozen of these . one of these days i want to try the omakase . i 'm definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , clean well balanced taste , service was impeccable , a great experience all around , will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my all-time favorite restaurant in the phoenix area , hands down . the food is extraordinarily considerate and well thought out . since the offerings are small plates , you can enjoy a lot of great food . the grapefruit and hamachi and the oyster are among my favorites ... but really , you ca n't go wrong ! i highly recommend the inventive and fun cocktails as well . overall , a really special dining experience ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents took me here for graduation dinner and it was such a great experience ! first of all , it 's in a historic house so it has a very intimate feel to it . the dishes are tapas style which is perfect if you want to try several dishes from the menu . do n't expect more than a biteful per dish per person , so it is expensive if you want to leave feeling full . luckily i had my parents to spoil me so we ordered almost every dish ! my favorites were the oyster with uni , sake steamed clams , and the sashimi of the day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked it . cute house and a great location with a patio design reminiscent of a redneck picnic . cinder blocks and 2x4s as furniture are effective but are a sign of cheapness in a place that was n't cheap . that said , it was a welcome change to a few days of hotel catered buffets . had the pizza type garbage plate style thingy with an obviously difficult name that i struggled through and almost instantly forgot . the flavor was bold and reminded me a little bit of a kimchi pancake with the heavy brown sauce . service was great - we ate alone essentially not a lunch crowd type place i guess - went at exactly noon on a wednesday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nobuo is by far my favorite restaurant in the phoenix metro area . his dishes all have interesting texture , flavor , and presentation . i have never been disappointed . i loved sea saw and i love the new digs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in downtown phoenix this restaurant looks like a cozy , quaint and historic house . the food is a wonderful change from typical cuisine . everything i tried was delicious and authentic . it is tapas style and the dishes are light , quality over quantity , so i would n't recommend this place when one is starving and expecting a feast . pricey for the amount of food but it is worth it for the experience and flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good foie gras and pork belly over rice . price is decent compares to san francisco . great service located in a unique location . reservation yes . great cocktail and sake menu . for sure not for kids . i will come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "back again to sushi mori.. but not for sannakji.. but my meal was a lot better than last time ! ! dinner set with sashimi california roll and bulgogi ( $ 15.99 ) - everything so fresh and the portion is huge - love the selection of fish which includes salmon , tuna , octopus , yellowtail , tobiki , surf clams ... - bulgogi , served on a sizzling plate , has nice delicate flavour ! spicy seafood noodle ( $ 10.99 ) - one of the best selection of seafood , even scallops ! ! - noodles though was a little overcooked ... but still delicious thanks for the complimentary hand roll from the nice sushi chef i talked to last time . they even gave us 10 % off because their credit debit terminals were not working .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi mori is a very underrated place . this is my go to restaurant for sushi because the sashimi is always fresh and portions are huge ! we usually order the dinner kalbi bentos ( $ 15.99 ) and uni sushi . everything comes with salad , miso soup , side dishes and homemade cookies for dessert ! the staff are very friendly here and are not hesitant to refill our side dishes ( unlike some places ) . i have n't tried their korean food yet , will save that for my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here on a whim for dinner since had craving for korean food , and we wanted a different choice since did n't have a good experience with 2 of the other korean restaurants in first markham , and boy were we delighted to have stumbled across this place ! the bento box was huge ! tempura was really fresh ! bibimbap was tasty ! we ordered a hawaiian roll with mango , avocado and pineapple , ... and did n't know it was going to be so big . could 've done without , as it ended being too much food since meals came with korean side dishes , ampnd miso soup . free dessert of peanut cookies , which we were too full to finish ! we will definitely go back again ! service was awesome too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi mori has good sushi , and good korean food . in comparison you can compare it to gal 's sushi down the street with similar prices and food with a little extra . the service was a+ there was always a eager waitress ready to help and answer questions . the location is never packed tho and i dont understand why as it is just as good as gal 's sushi but without all the people and the atmosphere is pretty nice as well . definitely worth a try for any gal sushi lover but hate the wait and packed restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to grab either japanese or some korean food . me and my girlfriend come here all the time . the quality of the sushi is good for it 's price , if you are looking for high quality then try another place . service is very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the starting dishes were a bit non traditional , with broccoli , kimchi , somewhat soggy and cold korean pancake , cold pasta , and cold mango . we ordered the seafood tofu soup , the bibimbap with brown rice and the treasure island roll because they no longer had any soft shell crabs for the spider roll . the tofu soup was pretty good , but personally , i thought it was a bit salty and could be spicier . the bibimbap was alright - the bowl was n't hot enough to create the burnt rice effect xp the manager is very nice though - she gave us a free side dish to try after she got something wrong with our order . seating here is passably comfortable because a bulky stove prevents you from stretching out your legs . service was okay - quick , but this is not a place to come for it 's environment . we came on a saturday night and the restaurant was not even half full .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "entered at 1pm on a thursday . three tables seated . lots of dirty , uncleared tables should have been a giveaway . took 15 minutes to get menu , another 15 to order and another 45 to get mediocre food . there were six employees in restaurant but they were so disorganized , lazy , slow that the few customers present were all grumbling . this sushi restaurant has no fresh fish displayed . most prep is done in the back . the sushi was very `` wet '' - saucy and soupy . the waitress did not know how to use their own computer . as we got up to leave , one last item we had ordered an hour earlier arrived . took them another 10 minutes to pack it to go . just a disaster . until they get their act together , avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking to stay close to the strip but not pay the high end $ $ $ for the mainstream hotels , stay here . there 's nothing special to the carriage house , but there 's certainly nothing wrong with it either . we stayed for one saturday night and no issues . the room was clean , the hotel staff was helpful , there 's a guard that keeps watch during the evening ( which made me feel better about walking back alone ) and it 's surprisingly quite . you 're off the strip so you 're not going to hear the pimps calling for girls or the bachelors drunk on their 20th beer at 2am . do n't expect comfortable pillows but do expect a room with 'room ' . you get the picture . it 's a quick 5-7 min walk to the strip . highly recommend to save some money and not be stuck in a small tropicana or new york , new york room that 's just so not worth the money . oh , and free wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well apparently bums are aloud in the pool and in the lobby and everywhere else at this hotel . lenora the manager is the most disrespectful human in existence . my family has never in the thirty years we 've been using vi time shares ever had a problem with anything or anyone . thanks lenora for making our time here ridiculous . take your dirty hotel and right off.. ps be aware . they will try to charge you at the end of your stay for anything . make sure not to accidentally drop a drink in the hall or do anything to the room . we pay a 600 dollar a year resort cleaning fee and this bitch tried to make us pay 200 dollars upon leaving . stay far far away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location , affordable price and had a little snack store in the lobby . i would definitely recommend this hotel , it was clean and had a kitchen . just a block away from the strip so it 's perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel was really nice . we were able to stay there through a time share plan . we originally booked a studio , but were able to get bumped up to a one bedroom . i had called in advance to find out about the kitchen ( different rooms have different kinds ) and they realized i was deaf . they ended up setting up a light up door knocker , a tty phone and flasher for the phone . it was really nice . the room was amazing . cleaned daily , and nice . full size kitchen , stove , oven , toaster and refrigerator . i would gladly stay there again . sorta sucked that the ac had a motion sensor so the room was n't ice cold when we came back , but still really nice . i liked the security that to get upstairs in the elevator , you had to have a room card , same with accessing the front door after 10pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here on a time share plan . great location ! right across the street from planet hollywood casino and very close to the strip . the staff was very friendly and helpful , i ca n't say enough about the stellar customer service . the room was nice , not great . the wifi was spotty and they do block access to certain sites . we could n't tell if our room was renovated or not because we did walk past some stellar rooms that were being cleaned on the way to ours . the couch in the living room was awful . it was very old and worn out and we never used the living room because the couch was so uncomfortable . i also had an issue with the air conditioner , which was on a motion sensor and only set to 65 degrees . i like it cold when i sleep and a few times i had to get up and walk around to try to get the ac to kick on . all in all , i would stay again and recommend to others .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , loved it from the start , its close to the strip but at the same time its far enough for it to be quiet at night and not to hear drunk people screaming on the strip . in an overrated city this hotel suceed into being itself and i really appreciated it . no resort fees , close to the casino but in an non smoking environment . here you will get what you dont get often in vegas , more than what you paid for . congratulations to the carriage house and its staff for a job well done , if i 'm ever back in vegas ill book my stay here again without a doubt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "non smoking . no slot machines . nice big suite with pull out sofa . walking was n't terrible", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after being in vegas this memorial day weekend , my fianc\u00e9 and i decided to stay one more night . unfortunately we did n't have a hotel room booked . the carriage house was the only place that had something available . we took our chances . at this point we were only concerned with staying another night and getting the most out of our vacation . well when we went up to our room we were very impressed . we got a double room and honestly its like having two little studios ! ! we had more than enough room and the kitchen was fully stocked with everything that we needed . minus the food of course ! ! lol the location is nice too . its a little off the strip but close enough to the mgm . this is not a party hotel as we saw a lot of older people here . so its a little more chill and laidback . but we will definitely come back when we are in las vegas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here consistently for the last two years with my roommate and it is an excellent place . great customer service , well cleaned , timely , call service when your suit is ready before the promised date , and more . they also do a great job of fixing all kinds of things . very reliable , trustworthy , and personal business you want to make it your dry cleaning place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved into an apartment close to here and thought this was perfect because i wear suits to work . i brought some suits to sky cleaners and was really impressed with their service . it 's a mom and pop shop , which i am always eager to support , and the customer service was great . really friendly , knowledgable and accomodating . their prices are low , and they have specials if you bring in full suits rather than pieces . the owner has also recognized me from coming in every few weeks and is so nice . i brought a jacket in to get the sleeves shortened and she gave me a `` special price '' ( i wanted to keep a buckle on the sleeve but did n't want to pay too much ) . they obviously treat their repeat customers well . the service is fast . they do same day work . their hours are great - open early , late and weekends . they do a great job and i would highly recommend them . they do shoe repairs too , which i have n't tried yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . affordable and well done alterations in a timely manner . closed on sunday 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they absolutely butchered a high end silk blouse that i brought to them . my skirt suit came back not even looking like it had been dry cleaned . they offered to redo it but given how badly pressed the blouse was i would never let them try again . the fabric on the blouse was puckering , the ends of the shirt were wrinkled , the area around the buttons was wrinkled ... will never bring anything to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent dining experience . the restaurant itself is quite nice , with extremely high ceilings and just a feeling of elegant space . it felt like they had tried harder to move away from the classic steakhouse look . having eaten at ruth 's chris last week , i felt i was in a good position to judge this establishment . the appetizers were excellent . i had raw oysters and they were very tasty , while two co-workers had soup and 3 had steak tartare . i tried it and it was tasty . my steak was excellent too . normally i do n't go for the rib-eye but i wanted to give it a shot . i ordered it medium , but it was closer to what i 'd call medium-rare , but thats also acceptable . it was tender and perhaps one of the most flavorful steaks i 've had . the double baked potato was also excellent , as was the asparagus . for dessert i had creme brulee which was one of the best i 've had . service was excellent . overall , highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "change has come . everything seems like hy 's is trying to cut corners . first , their onion rings are a different recipe and no longer the size of space shuttle o-rings as i suggested a year ago . second , no more bread basket . seriously , you can order a $ 40 steak and not even get a basket of bread . finally , their wonderful bathroom towels have been replaced by bog standard brown paper towels . service is still good . but they 're really trying to cheap out these days . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only been once and i rave about the filet mignon whenever the subject of downtown or restaurants come up . will definitely go again . put on your top shelf clothes and do n't look at the prices , just smile and enjoy the great food : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! ! ! ! the steaks are to die for and just get the onion rings ... they are the best you will ever have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "old school glamour . high priced menu . top notch service . you know exactly what you 're getting when you go to hy 's . the caesar salad is a must . the caesar cocktail is a must . the double stuffed potato was incredible . we shared the t-bone steak and the waiter offered to have it cut for us . if i were to go back , i would have not had it cut , as all of the juices had leaked out by the time it came to our table . had dinner on a saturday for our wedding anniversary . i snuck away to tell the hostess that i wanted a little surprise for my husband . they gave us glasses of champagne and a beautiful dessert free of charge . i would prefer to go to hy 's for a business dinner and expense it . but i have a feeling that i 'll be craving the steak and potatoes before that happens .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service : similar to that of any good steak house . decor : elegant and old fashion steakhouse-esque food : i had a steak that was done well . my guest had salmon which was terribly over cooked . review : a good place to be seen but the value was n't great . it was good but not a reflection of their prices . $ 50 for a steak is fine . $ 30 for salmon that was overcooked was kind of annoying . reason for stars : the service and ambiance was great . the food was good but definitely not a reflection of their prices . i might take a client there to impress them with the atmosphere and prices , but not if they are a foodie . any foodie will see right past the dining room experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a 5 session lesson through a groupon with my trainer pete . i 've been doing american muay thai kickboxing for about 10 years , and realized my boxing game needed quite a bit of work after going through my lessons with pete . in 30 minutes , he had me sweating and tired , arms on fire , and realizing that as good as you think you are , you can always get better ( and that there is always someone out there better than you ! ) . great workout , friendly group of guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first appointment with marty and it was one of the coolest things ever . this place is legit , it 's centrally located , and they clearly know what they 're doing . i 've run in triathlons before and thought i was in decent shape , but he showed me otherwise inside of about 3 minutes . this is a lot of fun , and you get all the other things that come with it too like confidence , toning , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd give them zero stars if possible ... my girlfriend and i got the groupon and attempted to call them a few weeks prior to the expiration ( i know we should n't have waited so late , but forgot ) . nevertheless , we only received their voicemail every time and both took turns calling them . i explained that we were concerned about the expiration date nearing and would like a call back . we never received a return call and i even called the day the groupon expired one last time . very unhappy with this waste of money and this company . i can understand that they may have been overwhelmed with the number of calls and business from the groupon , but that does not excuse them from not returning calls ... i will tell anyone that i know and asks to avoid this company . at the very least it would be nice to have a refund of our money , but i 'll just chalk it up as a lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what do i even say ! just finished my first session here and i can already tell that i am going to be a sore girl tomorrow ! john was awesome and very patient with my very out of shape self . i 'd highly recommend this to anyone- all of the trainers seem great . looking forward to another ass whooping on my next session !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to agree with this comment . my husband and i went for a training together . it is to be 30 min ... . the time that we read our contacts etc was put towards our 30 min ... .. if this is the case , let us know to come early ... ..our trainer seemed utterly board . he did not want to be there , kept checking our time . as soon as the clock hit our 30 min mark ( we worked out for about 15-20 min max ) he stopped us and went to his desk to get his money ... not a welcome feeling . we felt they wanted our money and wanted us out . we have been to other gyms where the passion is there from the get go and the trainers take pride in what they do . maybe it was an off day for him.. but we were not impressed and unfortunately will be looking else where .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "glove game boxing is awesome ! ! this is a great place to get a kick-butt workout and learn new skills at the same time . rory is excellent to work with - he is patient and attentive , and makes the workout fun . i look forward to going , and feel so great when i am done . it is a perfect way to relieve stress . everyone who works there is friendly , and the whole place has a great vibe ! ! ! ! i highly recommend trying glove game boxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like many of the others got a groupon to try this place . i wish i would have got the 10 session groupon but i got the 5 session . i 've been to 2 sessions thus far and am seeing results already ! the 30 minutes goes by so fast and was only initimidating the first time as i was brand new to boxing . my trainer is great and i know he sees the pain in my eyes but keeps pushing without being a punk . the sessions are normally $ 20 each , and they recommend 2x a week . after my groupon is over , i plan on going once a week . a friend of mine is a personal trainer and charges $ 25 so $ 20 is pretty reasonable . i recommend running by the canal as a warm up and remember to stretch before and after ! ! i wish i would have stretched more after my last session ... it would make normal bodily movements easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to glove game boxing for a couple months now . i love it ! rory never fails to challenge me and push me to the limits . best money i 've ever spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought the 5 session groupon here for my daughter . she had her sessions with mike and henry and they were both great ! they worked her out good and she got along with both of them . it 's been a great experience for her so far and she wants to continue going !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used a groupon for my sessions to this place , and i loved it . i want to keep it up , but it is a little too pricey and just a little too far from me to make it a habit on top of my gym addiction . i went in thinking 30 minutes is not enough , but after my session i had the shakes in my arms ... which means ... it rocked !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a c has n't worked in weeks . i decided to skip asking someone in charge about it because i really do n't care to hear excuses . i just want it fixed so i do n't almost pass out every time i box . michael is still awesome though . gives a great workout .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend & i train here with patrique . the couple who boxes together stays together . : ) our trainer is cool , flexible & motivating . he pushes us , but is n't a jerk . we do wish the gym was a little cleaner though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just discovered this delightful restaurant - it is adjacent to the pool on the 6th floor of palms place . the food was delicious and our server , jennifer added to the positive experience . loved the big pretzel , blue cheese burger and shake . good , upscale , casual dining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i forgot to check in here when i was in vegas but they have some good burgers . red robin and all those other burger places got nothing on cafe 6 . i ordered the smoke out burger and my girlfriend ordered the sloppy joe one . she almost could n't finish hers but i finished mine no problem . i had my burger with a side of onion rings and a 7 & 7 . my girlfriend had hers with a side of fries and a sex on the beach . anyway , i would love to go back to vegas to eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice daytime atmosphere overlooking the pool . the make-your-own salmon burger & angus burger were both delicious . ( i think $ 11.95 with a side . ) wow -- the wonderful buttery salty pretzel ( $ 9.95 ) could be shared as an app for 4-6 people-yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burgers ate super yummy we had the burn your face make sure u get the sauce on the side super hot the dr pepper burger was amazing and the salty crunchy pickles we super yummy too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had dinner here last night . the bartender was really nice , but slow , lacked good timing on serving drinks and the bar had the worse beer selection quite possibly in vegas . no beers that were listed on the menu to pair with any of the foods . the food itself was just ok to average , and overpriced . the tv selection sucked as well . no atmosphere , poor lighting , so many things wrong . it was like the staff wanted to do well but had their hands tied with a lack of decent product to offer ... i would not go back here , i would not recommend it to anyone to eat here . i was told it sucked so bad because the change in ownership has stripped the place of all the good things you might read are offered in other reviews ... sorry , this place is dead to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this little gem is located inside the palms resort and is a cab journey , off the strip . a group of us got tickets to go to the ghost bar on the roof of the palms and decided to eat here . our sever `` jennifer '' was super friendly and convivial . as tourists to vegas , jennifer made every effort to accommodate our questions about the menu . the restaurant atmosphere was ambient and positive . the menu is a typical american diner with a few different options for the adventurous . we tried out the appetisers and they did n't disappoint . there is also a full bar available . overall the service was really good and the food was very reasonable . if you want to plan a night out and try something different , head to the ghost bar and stop of here before heading up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a drink after work , next to poolside , great scenery , excellent bar tender with skills . if you come you have to sit at bar with cory . this bartender makes the drinks and the atmosphere fun . great staff a must do when in vegas or when at the palms place . it 's the people that make the place ! go cory , do you bro ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we we 're looking for somewhere local eat to the ghost bar and stumbled across cafe 6 and thought why not ! our server jennifer was really great , good fun and added to a very pleasing meal . everyone at the table was really enjoyed with their meals- the burger was the best i 'd had during my trip to vegas . if you like spicy food try the burn your face off wings - just a nice level of spice ! ! all in a great place to eat - would definitely recommend cafe 6 ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here . very understaffed and you 'll be luck to get service . we waited 15 minutes for service and after nobody came we went to the bar . service was still awful , but we did eventually get food . when it came time to pay our bill the server and the manager could n't seem to figure out how to use the cash register , after waiting for 20 minutes we eventually estimated the bill ourselves and paid cash and left . update : we seem to all have got food poisoning from this place . it was the only meal we all had that was the same .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` how do you suck all the flavor out of a baby carrots ? '' a question asked to me by my wife . this simple question sums up my experience at cafe 6 . with the exception of the chips that came with the fried pickles the food was only noteworthy for it 's blandness . the service was very good and the beer selection though minimal was excellent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the burger right on the picture is a sham dont ask for your burger med it will be welldone no flavor anyway pretty sure frozen pattys and theyre menu is 90 % burgers", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of those places you treat yourself to a tasty burger ! the burgers are super juicy and packed with flavor ! the atmosphere is very modern with a view of a pool . the burn your face off and dr pepper shroom burgers are amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! the service is always good , being that it 's always slow everytime we go in ... ... strangely this place is never busy when we go ! but maybe because it 's hard to find !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service by anthony . last visit - same set up as simon 's . kids especially like the gigantic pretzel and desserts . burgers ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burgers around and lots of choice . get a groupon . you will be stuffed ! there is also a good selection of beer and you can do a flight of any bottles they have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the most underrated bars in vegas ! madison is my favorite bartender , always the best vibes ! thanks cafe 6 and madison for being awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really impressed with this burger . i 'm never real excited about the hotel restaurants but this was really good . the chef stephanie even came out to check on my meal . i will be back tomorrow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best restaurant my fianc\u00e9 and i visited in vegas ! ! ! the food , drinks and staff were awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great restaurant with great food ! the waffle fries are delicious and the cookie cutter dessert is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here on a groupon . our server jeannette was fantastic . the salmon burger was prepared perfectly and the beer selections are great . will i come back ? 100 % for sure . the setting is wonderful and the service top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiet litte place with a great view of the pool . dr pepper shroom burger an excellent choice . giant soft pretzel appetizer was soft n chewy made in house if i remember correctly . nice little find inside the palms hotel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was pretty good across the board . the pretzel was fantastic , the chicken tenders which i tend to avoid when going out were juicy and probably hand breaded , the waffles fries were thick and fluffy and the fried oreos were the stuff of dreams . this was a to go and they forgot all the dipping sauces for the chicken tenders- i mean , come on- and the ice cream that comes with fried oreos came in the smallest container possible it was less than half the size of a dixie cup ! not enough for even two people ! they should have at least gave us two small containers of the ice cream . be forewarned if you get it to-go check the bags to make sure you have all of your items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i went to cafe 6 today after our pool party because it was convenient ( because we are staying in the hotel ) and because all of the advertisements around the hotel emphasized how good their burgers are . so me and my girlfriend went and got chicken wings as an appetizer and they were absolutely great . then i ordered a medium rare burger and my friend ordered a medium burger and they both came out well done . we both are not much for complainers since we both work at restaurants but we had no choice but to send the way overly cooked burgers back . in exchange , we got a free side of sweet potato fries but in my experience if a customer sends back any food item then you comp them that item and make them a new one . of course they took off both of our burgers but they said if we wanted new ones then they were going to have to charge us for them which i thought was ridiculous . so long story short , do not go to this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we loved this place and ca n't wait to go back and try other stuff on the menu ... .so creative . the pretzel was amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem inside the palms place tower , across from the palms casino . quiet and lovely , it overlooks the pool area , where i have yet to see a single person . i think this place was designed largely for the residents of palms place . it 's definitely not a tourist spot . the quality of the food is very good . the prices are decent ... you 're paying more than the mcd 's in the food court , but you 're getting more as well . the service is always been spectacular , but nothing to write home about . after three visits here , i 'm fairly certain that they hire for blandness . i 'm not sure i would make it a destination spot , but given that almost all the restaurants inside palms have closed , it 's a solid option for an after movie or late-night bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we enjoyed the fireplace and view of the pool . we tried the choose your own sliders . if you are near this restaurant try it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibes overlooking pools and cabanas . palms place is the residence away from the strip . check out cafe 6 best bartender madison is very friendly and pours mad drinks yo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a decent little restaurant inside of the palms place hotel . service was nice as well as the $ 5 drink specials they offered . outside of the restaurant is the pool- which closes at 5 . i only tried a few appetizers and a dessert ( deep fried oreos ! ) and each item was great . if i 'm back in vegas and staying in the palms , i will visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 big stars ! we found this great place through groupon and was n't too sure of what to expect . great service from the time we walked in , to the time we walked out . every dish we had was delicious ! definitely worth a return visit when we are back in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great service and great pool view ! best restaurant in the palms , especially for lunch . i highly recommend this restaurant and the huge pretzel is always a crowdpleaser . on the six floor of the second palms tower . also you get to view the pool . if you 're looking for a nice mellow lunch that does n't smell like cigarettes and away from all of the loud gambling area you wo n't be disappointed with this place i received great service from everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stayed at this hotel for the second time . we did n't realize this place was in our hotel until the last day of our first trip so i was excited to get back and try it . they did n't disappoint on top of the regular '' precreated '' burgers you can create your own which is what we did . if you are staying at the palms or somewhere close its worth a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the slowest and worst customer service . every time we stay at the palms place we try this restaurant to see if it 's any better , and it never is . avoid", "score": "1"}
{"review": "angelica and her team was amazing at my wedding . she kept my family drama in check all the while making sure my day was flawless . my advice for all brides is to hire a wedding planner , if you want your wedding to be what dreams are made of hire angelica . she is everything you would want in a planner detail oriented , straight forward with an awesome sense of humor and a truly wonderful person . everyone in the wedding industry loves her and it 's easy to see why after you meet her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "green orchid events did the coordination for our small ( 29 guest ) vegas wedding at a private resort , including the design ( which was gorgeous ) . everything about it exceeded my expectations , and i am so appreciative of angelica and all of her help . the recommended vendors she suggested were outstanding , and it was so cool to see them working together and coming up with what was sheer magic on our wedding day . she was responsive , incredibly helpful , providing help , suggestions , and prompts as needed . she solved problems , was super chill about everything , and very organized . thank you , thank you , angelica !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a coordinator to make sure your day goes perfectly is so very necessary . green orchid events could not have been more organized and perfect . juliet stepped in to do my day of coordination for my destination wedding in san francisco . she made sure every detail and timeline was planned perfectly and went so far above and beyond . she and angelica are both such a calming presence and allow you to relax and enjoy the best day of your life the way you should . hiring green orchid is worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired juliet douglas at green orchid events as a `` day-of '' wedding coordinator . i planned the wedding myself , which took a year , but juliet always made herself available to answer any questions i might have and offer referrals and suggestions for local vendors i could use . then , she and angelica had the daunting task of taking all my planning and putting it together to make our day `` perfect - the way it was in my head . '' to say the least , they did everything i could have hoped for and more ! our wedding day was perfect and everything went off without a hitch ! i could not have done it without green orchid events ! thank you from the bottom of our hearts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angelica was amazing . not only is she a beautiful person , inside and out , but she is outstanding at what she does . she made planning a wedding so much easier . everything i envisioned for my special day she made happen . and she did all this while bring pregnant and giving birth ! ! she was so fun that everytime i met with her it felt like hanging out with a good friend . whenever i could n't make a decision i would ask her to decide because i trusted her judgement that much . she put up with my anxiety , indecisiveness , and ocd haha ! basically i love her and she was my wedding savior ! ! ! i would n't recommend trusting anyone but her for your wedding day ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "juliet & angelica are the most organized , nicest wedding planners i 've ever met and worked with . they are so great at communication , which is very important when planning weddings & events ! i have even attended a friend 's wedding that green orchid events planned . it was at a very unique location ( sky combat ace airplane hangar ) . the decor was so beautiful ! it was hard to believe an entire wedding , food and all , could be pulled off so flawlessly in such a unique location . anyone getting married should contact juliet and have green orchid do everything from start to finish for the most memorable event .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the absolute pleasure of being able to work with the incredibly sweet angelica for our wedding in november at the jw marriott . from the beginning she was so organized , and took care of every detail we needed ! on the day of , she arrived early in the morning , well dressed , with a smile on all day . she handled organizing everything so well , even helped with our flower girls when the big girls were taking photos ! she opened the doors along with our planner from the jw , keri ( who is also super awesome ! ) and seeing them take a deep breath and smile was so calming to me in the seconds before the big event ! thank you angelica !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! besides being an awesome planner , angelica is a wonderful person who is so detail centric and communicative with her clients and vendors ! proud to have worked with green orchid for a wedding and would love to work with them again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an event planning student and called green orchid events to ask questions regarding their business about pricing and packages . they answered all of my questions and were super nice about it . they have great customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so happy to have hired green orchid events to help me plan our wedding ! angelica is amazing ! she seriously is wedding wonder woman . very organized , responsive , detail oriented , and such a sweet heart . the last few weeks of planning got my stress levels a bit elevated ... my nerves and worries were just getting the best of me , but angelica was always so positive and reassuring . she listens to what you want , what your visions are , gives you options , choices ... planning was so fun with angelica on board . she even went above and beyond by making my escort cards and table numbers for me as i 'm not much of a diy person at all ! our wedding day at westin lake las vegas was perfect ! everything ran smoothly , and it really was the best day of our lives . thank you so much to angelica and team at green orchid events for helping us make such wonderful and priceless memories . they are worth every penny ! we love you guys ! candice and aries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by tonight . super slow to take order and then got it wrong . no one hurries here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service ! waited in drive-thru for over 20 minutes . food was cold & tasted old . will not be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually stop by at least twice a week and last couple of times been an issue . frosty no spoon , drink with combo no straw . i understand save where you can , but give me accessory to enjoy my meal . today got wrong order totally had to make u-turn to get correct order and refunded difference . hopefully with some extra training they will listen to customer reviews", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i gave it a 1 because you cant give half a star . they are the rudest bunch of people i 've ever come in contact with , yes it 's fast food but these people do n't even greet you with a smile . there 's no thank you there 's no you 're welcome . i was asked in drive thru , `` what do you want ... what else ... .second window . come to find out it was the manager working the window . geez , what an example he 's setting", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give this wendy 's 0 stars if it were possible because it is the absolute worst . i understand it 's fast food but the employees should not be rude from the start when i simply try to order food . the employee asked me to just drive up to the window and was so rude about it . when we got to the window we asked to speak to the manager and the manager was also horribly rude and told us a false store number when we asked . they put no ice in our drinks and the food was very cold . when we got our food we had our window up checking the order and the manager knocked on our window and when we rolled it down she said there is a line . i was furious with how rude and careless the employees are . will not return until better management comes about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went saturday even , extremely hungry and excited to try the new pretzel burger..my bun was burnt : ( was very upset . way over priced also", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was a little hestiant going to this place based on the last review . it went very well . they were fast and food was hot and delicious . workers were not the happiest and they most likely dont enjoy working there . overall not bad but i wouldnt seek the place out again based on the workers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are very unprofessional . i had recieved several calls about a job but it was for someone else . they had my file crossed with someone else . i would call to tell them they have my info mixed up with someone else they just blew it off . they never sent out my resume and never touched base with me . i joined them in october 2011 and it is now january 2012 . good thing i kept pursuing a job on my own because i ended up getting 4 offers on my own . do n't waste your time with this company because you may lose out on a great job offer . good luck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would choose 0 if i could . i was placed in position by them that i complained several times about . the boss is a prick . he offered me permanent employment at $ .20 higher than my temp pay . he is intimidating and neurotic . i let the women know this in a 4 page letter with specific examples and they told me to take the job anyway and they 'd help me continue looking for other employment but not to tell the employer what we discussed . nine months later , they still refuse to help me with other opportunities . they do not care about their staff . just the bucks they cash in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been enjoyed my experience with apple one . they are very helpful and involved in making sure you find employment . heather is my favorite she has helped me a lot in finding employment that suits my experience . i would recommend apple one to anyone needing help in finding employment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was originally referred to dr. carlos by my uncle who is a retired physician , to help me figure out my hormones - i had gone through early menopause and was really having serious effects from it . i like the convenience of doing all my consults via the internet and phone , which suits me fine , and i like that he spends as much time on the phone with me as i need to understand test results and his recommendations . he prescribed custom compounded bio-identicals and it 's really been a tremendous help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i practice yoga and went to see dr carlos for a bad case of sciatica . he has been treating me with acupuncture and i have had amazing results . i did n't know where else to go for something like this - no way would i ever consider surgery , medication or injections . dr. c is amazing when it comes to treating things - from feeling run down , stressed , or any pains ... he seems to have a special gift for figuring out most health issues . i highly recommend him for health , treatments of many various symptoms and creating a healthier life for yourself using natural remedies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. santo took the time to diagnose each of my symptoms with precision . unlike traditional physicians , he did not send me home with a prescription after a 2-3 minute prognosis . with his depth of knowledge of the human body and natural techniques and practices , he was able to reverse and deminish my symptoms and get me on track to improve my health . dr. santo 's suggestions have formed a habit to my every day diet and overall well being . thank you dr. santo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. santos is one of the most knowledgeable and caring physicians i have ever met . i have been fortunate enough to hear him speak multiple times . his focus is on treating the body as whole and not just chasing and treating symptoms . i feel completely comfortable referring friends and family to him , knowing they will receive the best care possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you tired of taking all of those prescription medications ? where do you turn ? turn to dr. carlos for help ! dr carlos is amazing in the way he teaches his patients . carlos has such a broad knowledge in naturopathic medicine . he truly wants to help people make such a difference in their health . dr. carlos is so patient and willing to help you in any way he can ! i truly recommend dr. carlos when you want to learn how to take care of yourself in the natural way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dottsy z. and i met here last week to try their new happy hour and we had an amazing time ! the weather was perfect , the patio beautiful , and the company was amazing . their happy hour menu featured a nice variety of white and red wines , all for $ 6 , plus we tried the escargot , pate , and frites as well . we spoke to chef , who was very knowledgeable and able to accommodate gluten free items , especially if you call a day or two in advance . we topped off the night with a decadent creme brulee and imported cocoa dusted truffles , which capped off the evening on a perfect note .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the actual restaurant is fine , the service is friendly and good . i am not going to go in to the food other than to say , no . oh well $ 340 bucks and all i can muster is a no .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place evidently has been closed since the 17th of november for good . would have been nice if they had updated their website . we went last night , and the windows are papered over and there 's a note in the menu window telling you they are done for good . weak sauce !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is easily the best restaurant i have ever been to i love french food , and this is the very best i have ever had . amazing service ( the owner is such a nice guy ) , amazing service and the atmosphere is cozy and romantic ( perfect for a date ) . i agree with some of the other raters -- this place would get 10 stars if yelp would let me put 10 . try the duck and the beef bourguignon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service and food were excellent . the restaurant is a converted old house and that gave it cool style and character . one caveat though ... i would say that the average age of the other customers was about 60-70 years old . i do n't know whether that 's normal or not , but all i can tell you is that my girlfriend and i are 26 and 27 years old , and we felt a little awkward . not a harp on the restaurant though , just something to think about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cute restaurant ... our server was great and the food was some of the best i 've ever had . the french onion soup was very good , and the beef bourguignon was absolutely amazing . i ca n't wait to go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is good . it 's not cheap and the atmosphere is n't real trendy but my experience was awesome . we came in on the restaurant.com certificate and had the best dinner so far in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always been a fan of sophie 's a french bistro and why not ! ? ! this is just a great french bistro serving classic dishes on clean white table clothes . serge is the consummate host and makes all feel welcome whether dining at the bar or in the dining room . hot rolls and real butter , always appreciated . micro green salad in a french vinaigrette , very nice . french onion soup , bubbling cheese - yum . garlic laced escargot ( would 2 orders be too much ? ) . the steak with fries - what is not to like ? try it too for special events , such as the french crepe dinner ... desserts are lovely , too . sophie 's is also a great business lunch restaurant conveniently located between downtown phoenix and the biltmore-camelback corridor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't really have to much to say about sophie 's . the food was n't bad , the service was n't horrible ... it 's just that my overall experience was n't what i 'd have expected from a restaurant that touts such an amazing reputation for fine french cuisine . it 's not often i leave a place so hungry for the experience i did n't get to have . . again , the food was not bad , but i 'm not sure if i will ever be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i go to a lot of free ce dinners and this one i 'd actually pay for . first it 's cute , cozy , not overly decorated . the service was good it 's hard to get good service at a ce dinner sometimes . my water glass was always full and filled by someone else even though they left one of those blue bottles on the table . i had the duck with beets , potatoes microgreens ( i ca n't figure out if i like microgreens even though i 've eaten them countless times ) . this sauce on it is lovely . a little bit of sweetness but not too much really a lovely sauce . other people got steak and it looked really good , really thick beautiful cut with a nice crust on it , and cooked perfectly . what is up with when i go to ce dinners at steakhouses and they act like they never cooked a steak before . i had the lemon honey creme brule which was good , i wish i would of got a thicker layer firey sugar but still good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a foodie . spoiled rotten by years in nyc . i 've been to sophie 's several times . if this review were based on my first visit , it would have been 5 stars . the pate starter is better-than-sex good and we decided that with the wine we chose , we could have just made a meal of it . it was just as good on return visits . the duck breast entree , is also a winner . perfectly cooked and seasoned , served with a leek fondue that made me want to lick the plate [ my mother raised me better ] . the cassolet was redolent and rich . in a word : delightful . i dropped a star because during my last lunch there i had a turkey dish and it was clear it was old and leftover . not a happy camper . i 'm hoping it was a fluke because the rest of my experiences have been very positive . i 've had great servers , have never been rushed , overall great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've eaten lunch at sophie 's several times and have always been impressed . what this restaurant does with an omelet should be patented . that said , my experience with dinner is not so favorable . my wife and i recently joined friends for sophie 's prix fix dinner with wine parings . the meal started with fried sweetbreads . frankly , sweetbreads are generally too delicate for frying and this was certainly the case with our meals . chewing and tasting of frying oil , they were the worst sweetbreads i 've eaten . to top it off , they paired the dish with a cloyingly sweet rose that tasted more like two-buck chuck than a serious wine pairing . the meal did not improve any with its scallop or short rib courses , both of which were paired with equally unctuous wines . the coup de gras was the gelato dessert , reminiscent of cheap raspberry sherbet . sophie 's can do better . for almost $ 80pp , they darn well better start soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "french food -- yummy ! had the duck confit cassoulet . it was great . the duck was melt in your mouth tender , the beans and sauce delicious . it was a very affordable $ 24.00 which included a small salad . i would ask one thing -- get a few less expensive bottles of red on the wine menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to sophie 's for a date night and were very happy with the results . i have the beef bourguignon and it was outstanding . we were told it takes 3 days to make the sauce . my husband ordered the duck confit , which he enjoyed . i 'm not a fan of the ducky flavor myself . we also followed the suggestion of ordering the warmed brie app . de-lish ! the service was great as well . little touches like asking if we would like our milk warmed for our post-meal coffee . so great ! we will for sure be going back for future date nights !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch today ... wonderful crepes stuffed with filet mignon . nice wine selection and service was terrific . we did n't need it , but could n't leave without trying the lemon creme brulee . wonderful ! very nice casual atmosphere . the food poisoning review is shocking . if you do n't hear from me our crepes `` stayed down '' just fine : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having lived in france for two years , i found this to be the most authentic food in phoenix . they were very accommodating to special requests . the ambiance was beautiful and the restaurant was set in a little `` pocket of paradise . '' meaning one might not know that it was so close to 24th st. and not see it on a drive by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went planning to order crepes , and left there wishing i had . however , the waiter gave such a lovely description of the striped sea bass special i decided to go for it . overall disappointed in the meal . first , waiter did not offer choice of soup or salad , just brought salad for all . some exchanged it for the soup , again wish i had ! when the entree arrived it was not very appealing , there was absolutely no color , not even garnish , just 2 tiny portions of fish on a few bites of german potato salad ( and the potatoes were undercooked ) with 3 mini mushroom caps with a smidgen of filling . the only bright spot was the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e for dessert . probably wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the owner serge was very french , but his head chef was not . i loved that their head chef came from another culture . he had fallen in love with french food . so much so , he had moved to france to study it there . the dishes he created were perfectly delicous . i remember his filet with crushed peppercorns ; it was soft and buttery . the peppercorns gave a kick without being overpowering . the quail was delicate and succulent . the salad with lavender honey vinaigrette was perfection . his chocolate spice cake was phenomenal . it contained seven spices . i ca n't begin to describe the joy that cake brought to everyone . it was unique . it was at the time when chocolate souffles were at every french restaurant . unfortunately , he 's not there anymore . regardless , my rating will remain until i have a chance to go back and say otherwise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious french food ... i highly recommend the beef bourguignon ! ! ! their duck confit cassoulet was just okay , that was what my husband had . i would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though . it 's nice that they take reservations ! a special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for a business lunch . started with a cheese plate and baked brie . the baked brie was just as it should be , melting , rich and with just a hint of sweetness . i had the filet , it was a little undercooked for my tastes but delicious especially with the pepercorn sauce . desert was an apple tarte which was good but nothing with a huge wow factor , which was a little disappointing given that this is a french restaurant and i was expecting something handmade and amazing . parking can get pretty tough , it 's a small lot and service is a bit languid ( i.e . slow )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent little place . typical french . i ordered the beef bourguignon , which is a first . . it was delicious and well worth it . desert try the creme bolle.. yummy . the service was also excellent , the atmosphere intimate . i would definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband took me here for date night . we arrived a bit earlier than our reservation but were seated right away . we ordered cheese . it came with toasts and dried fruit and a sherry reduction that tasted like christmas . yum ! i had the lobster bisque and should have stopped there because i was so full , but i was so pleased with the food so far i wanted to try more . i ordered the crab cake salad with the house lemon vinaigrette . can i put this dressing on top of a cake ? the food was delicious , the staff was very attentive but not annoying , and overall , we were quite pleased . i recommend this for a date night or dinner with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! everything from start to finish -- including the service -- was incredible . we had the scallops and butternut squash puree , which was delicately balanced -- salty sweet . the creme brulee ( especially the interesting cocoa flavor ) were amazing ( plus we got the vanilla bean ) . the wine was great and so was the coffee . great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah croque madame on wheat bread , that took 45 minutes to come out , at least i love genie , was on the tv .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've always loved french cuisine and thanks to sophie 's i have found another great french restaurant . the restaurant has a cool background story is fairly acclaimed in phoenix but does n't boast it when you 're there . the waiter we had was french and has the quintessential french accent , which always adds to the experience . the food : we went for mother 's [ to be : ) ] day brunch . $ 49 a head , which was a bit steep for the overall selection of food . but the items on the menu were great . pork loin , a chicken piccata sort of dish , smoked trout , some pate , salmon and a ton of fresh fruit . omelets were made to order and mimosas and bloody 's were great . there was also a variety of nice breads and cheeses . ca n't wait to go here for dinner sometime . wine list please .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited sophie 's for their happy hour menu . it was ok . the location appears to be former residence converted to a restaurant . small parking lot . interior decor is retro and very plain . the front patio is surrounded by a hedge under a large pine tree which is a nice place to be seated if the weather is good . if you do sit at the front patio you will hear the traffic along indian school road especially during the midweek rush hour . there is definitely better french cuisine in town , but if you want a little french place that is centrally located , sophie 's is decent selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i met with some people at sophie 's for dinner . it was not very busy but still the service was not good , we had to wait a long time for everything . the scargots were so small that we could almost not even get them with the appropriate fork . i ordered beef bourguignon , the flavor was good but the quality of the meat was bad with some unedible pieces that i had to take out of my mouth discretely ( what a situation ! ) . at the end of the meal we waited a long time again for the check . after our drinks ( we had wine ) everybody was thirsty , the water bottles were empty almost all the time and it went unnoticed by the server ( did he care ? ) . in another review somebody mentioned clean white table clothes : we had rough paper covering our tables ... at the end of the night i was a little bit disappointed . i 'll may give it another try just because i love french food , let ' see . maybe i was just not lucky that night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seems like political junkie and i might be of one mind on this place . there 's food , good food , great food , and good-as-sex food ... .sophie 's usually produces the latter . one of my top three choices in the phoenix area . very reasonably priced for what you get ... ..similar restaurants in scottsdale offer half the quality at double the price . if a particular server ... that would be 'jodie ' , a tall redhead ... .is available , ask her for her recommendation of the specialty of the day . we 've done this twice and have been very impressed ... .the results have been delicious and memorable . ordering without guidance , though , can be a bit more hit and miss ... .we 've ended up with some mediocre entrees , a couple times . well worth the time , travel and expense !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! ! very friendly service . everyone was so nice . this place is very clean , and it has a nice , casual atmosphere . the rolls are outstanding ! we ordered the lobster bisque , scallops , and coq au vin . everything was excellent . the salads with the entrees were great as well . wish we had time for dessert , but we unfortunately had a prior engagement . we will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place was pretty deserted ... i discovered why . the inside has a slightly funky odor , like spoiled cheese and cheap wine . the owner was a sour faced jerk who demanded to know what i wanted . i 'm assuming he was the owner because he had a european accent and his clothes were better than mine . and he had an aura of arrogance and authority . that 's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door . if all french bistros are like this one , then i 'm steering clear of them in general . sophie 's really sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brought my son here to celebrate him going off to college and wow , were we impressed . everything we had was delicious and the service was wonderful . we started out with the onion soup and the onion tart . both were amazing . the soup broth had a deep flavor and the onions were sweet as could be . the tart pastry was delicate and the bacon added to the overall flavor . for entrees , i had the pulled pork crepe and my son had the pork scallopini . wow , pulled pork and apples and onions in a crepe -- you ca n't get any better than that ! my son 's pork dish was fantastic -- the sauce was rich yet light . dessert was some sort of molten salted caramel souffle with a side of ice cream with a balsamic glaze -- to die for ! ! ! i wish this restaurant was closer to me -- we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to sophie 's for providing a wonderful meal for our family . it was our first experience there and we were not disappointed . we thought that we would have trouble finding a children 's meal for our ten year old but they accomodated us by cooking her thin strips of steak . we added that with french fries and she was set . we had the abundant cheese plate , the salmon fish special ( amazing ) , and delicious spinach . we could not handle dessert but the crepes looked marvelous . cute and charming , a great place for a first date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hardly ever go bowling ... we decided to go after a late business meeting and i am so glad we did ! i forgot how fun it can be . the space here seems to be recently remodeled , new and the bar is huge . they have great specials during the week , making this a very affordable place to have some fun ! the bathrooms were clean , all the equipment worked perfectly . there were leagues and families having a great time . the beer was cold and the staff was friendly . what more could you ask for ? ? i just wish they could rig the system to give me a higher score ... i am so much better on the wii ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on the `` outside '' one may view me as a little refined , perhaps a little `` prissy '' so you may be surprised to see someone of my sensibilities reviewing a bowling alley . let me share a story . one summer between like my sophomore and junior year in college , i was visiting my mamaw . she 's an avid bowler and was ranked in a senior league in dallas . naturally we went bowling . i finished my first set at 97 or 100 . i kid you not , i heard my grandmother apologizing to her friends for my performance . in that grandmother whisper , i heard her say , `` you know , she 's in college , she does n't have a lot of time to practice . '' to the review- this place was a little worn around the edges . the house balls for extreme bowling were pretty cut up , lots of rap music , and a nice friendly crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm so awful at bowling but boy is it fun ! this place is a chain of bowling alleys all around the valley . it 's pretty much genetic . we had to wait 30 mins for a lane which was n't bad since it was a holiday weekend . we waited patiently near the bar area.. you can play pool and order drinks . as 15 mins go by and no comes to us to asked us if we were thirsty , if we were alive or even hungry . i hate that ... . we finally heard our names over the ( low ) loud speakers . the best part about this place was the price . after 7pm it 's $ 2.00 a game . that 's what i 'm talking about ! it 's not lucky strikes ! ... . but it was good ! the food is cafeteria food , so order at your own risk ! if you 're looking for some fun ... . it 's a cool place to go !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you ca n't ask much from a bowling alley , besides clean shoes ( which are strangely westbrook stylish ) , enough room to bowl without bumping into another group , games , of course for adults a bar and o the most important thing , a very low chance of being stabbed in the parking lot . blood and bowling just make for an upset night . this place has it all . chandler just has nice things . the place was nice , its about 3.99 per person , per game so it cost me about 50 dollars for 4 games and the shoes . so pretty standard . i would like if they had an option if you come early in the day and theirs like 2 people in the whole place . but it is also cheaper if you go mon-friday . 2.99 a game instead . anyways good bowling lanes and its plenty full of lanes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have heard from many different people that their bowling balls have been noticeably scratched up from these lanes and heard it again last night . no oil on the lanes . my son is trying to get better but his ball kept hooking due to no oil . i could hear the lane ball i used clunking down the lane due to all its dents . the 2 dollar tuesdays beer was an 8oz cup . the lady at the counter wreaked of cigarettes . the staff in general were friendly however . over all , the place is a bit trailer park . if you care about your score , avoid this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went late on a saturday night and had a good experience . we have been there before but it seems like some things have been upgraded painted . it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos . i 'd go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have fun going bowling here but they seriously need to look at their customer service skills and having someone available to order drinks and food ... . even the league players say they do n't look forward to eating or drinking here because of how long it takes to order and turn around time . last time i stood at the food counter to order and i was gone for six frames ... then my food did n't come until 2 1 2 games later . the guy brought extra fried pickles but it was cold food ! . i think they are losing money because of this . the manager mike is very nice and whenever we have an issue he is accommodative .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer here is super water down . bowling is fun but the bar tender takes 30mins per drink .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our family went bowling this past sunday , the person at the desk wanted us to buy the `` package '' which includes shoes and two hours of bowling . we decided to just bowl one game so we did n't need the two hours lane time . the manager ran my credit card and gave me a receipt . today i find on my bank account , the manager added on an extra $ 10 `` tip '' for himself . we did not have any food service or customer service at all . it 's really too bad that a business and its manager can not be trusted to handle a small transaction honestly . they have lost a good customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the manager was nice and gave us more time on our lane due to very bad service but it still did n't really make up for said shit service . nobody was at the food counter or bar for close to 20mins as we waited to order drinks . even when we flagged someone down we were ignored . is customer service completely lost ? ? ? i felt like i was speaking a foreign language trying to get some assistance in this establishment . would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its been a while since i 've been here and was presently surprised . its been remodeled and under new management . i had my son 's birthday party here . the manager mike m. took great care of us . we ordered 4 pizzas and i was surprised how fast they arrived . the kids and adults all enjoyed the pizza 's and had a great time bowling . great environment for family fun . all the parents commented on what a fun kids party it was . with me customer service goes a long ways and amf delivered . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again the staff here is helpful and friendly . no matter how busy they are they always make us feel welcome . the best center around", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is great but they always seem overwhelmed no matter if the place is busy or not . the building is old and needs to be updated . if it 's raining outside , plan on stepping around lots of buckets . it 's our regular league bowling alley so this is where we go . be cautous of the `` claw '' games in the arcade because they will pick up prizes but drop them when the claw raises up & hits the track .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice little bowling alley . interior is reminiscent of the typical bowling alley , but they 've got electronic sore boards like most alleys do . they put up the bumpers for our kids and we had a nice afternoon . place seemed clean , attendants were nice and friendly . shoe rentals seemed semi new , always nice . would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been bowling in leagues here for 5 years . the staff is very friendly and fun . the place is always nice and clean . it 's a great place to go for league bowling and kids birthday parties . i like the fact that it is not like a huge brunswick zone or dave & busters . it 's a bowling alley 1st and foremost . they have stuff for kids like basketball , pool tables and an arcade but that 's not the focus . go there , chucks some balls and knock down 10 rednecks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's an older bowling alley . we usually bowl at brunswick but amf bought out brunswick anyways so we thought we give this place a try . they do have cosmic bowling but do n't do it much which is fine because they still played good music . i like when they do have cosmic bowling you can see the lines throughout the lanes , which some bowlers like to line up against before bowling . the black light lights it up . there 's really no server so we ordered at the bar . once the bartender knew we were ordering drinks he did come check on us regularly , which was nice . the setup is all tables no couches . service is good here , bowling price decent , the atmosphere is fun and the staff very friendly definitely will start coming here regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! every time i go there is great music and awesome customer service . the atmosphere is fun and family oriented . big thumbs up on it being smoke free , i 'm sure others agree . this is my favorite place to bowl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent little bowling spot . the front desk girl was pretty attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a little older bowling alley but it 's clean and the staff is very nice ! great for families !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is terrible . came here with a work group and will never come back . first i waited in line to get food , and when i got to the counter the guy told me `` can you order at the bar or something ? i 'm slammed '' . no big deal , go to the bar and order a ridiculously over priced order of onion rings and waited thirty minutes for onion rings . my coworker ordered a chicken finger basket and waited an hour so they threw in a free tender . absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently stopped in to chandler lanes because of a great experience that a friend had there and plus i wanted to take a group of buddies out to celebrate an engagement . i give this place 2 thumbs up . the staff was very fun and accommodating from the moment we walked in the door . we will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is litterally the worst bowling alley ive ever been to in my entire life . me and my boyfriend went there about a month ago to bowl with our friends and ended up paying $ 50- $ 60 for just him and i . my boyfriend bought a drink and found broken glass in it . i complained to employee about how i found glass in my drink and he said `` oh yeah , they broke glass in it earlier and we we 're going to clean it out at the end of the night '' . i was so appalled that they knew there was glass and didnt bother cleaning it out ! ! i asked for the manager and she acted like it was no big deal and wasnt remorseful at all . she offered `` free coupons '' to come back ... . terrible customer service and obviously not following health code regulations ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we got there at 2:30 pm . we were charged $ 3.99 per game ( 4pm - 8pm ) but the listed price for our time ( open - 4pm ) was $ 2.99 per game . when i asked the cashier about this , she said , `` i do n't know why . i just work here . '' this is not excellent customer service . and something more ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had trouble with the pool tables we were refunded so that was good , then we tried to play some arcade games , and it didnt work out , went to the manager for help with the game , because the screen nor the guns were working for it . rolled his eyes , and delayed the time to help us . the bowling was alright , nobody really stands out as being friendly or going the extra mile to make your stay enjoyable . no smiling at all and that was bad . i bowl almost every week but went to this location for the second time in forever , and am never going back again , ill just stick with the amf christown lanes in phoenix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the pho was wayyyyyy over priced ! $ 12 for a bowl ! yea at 1st i was like maybe it might be a big bowl , but nope i was freakin ' wrong ! felt like i just got robbed ! ! this place is over rated ! overall its your money , but i like gettin ' my monies worth when i eat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pho tai was terrible ... the broth was oily & the meat was fatty . not just a little bit of fat , but globs of floppy nasty fat . i have never had to pull the meat out of my pho . this excess amount of fat was gross ( and i 'm not even usually picky about fat ) . we 've had a lot of pho , but never something this bad . i really wanted to like this place . the decor is cute ... all ikea furniture and cool art on the walls . they played pop music . service was friendly and the place appears to be family owned . our egg rolls were good , but we only got 3 and most places usually serve 6 . the price was ridiculous ! we ordered our usual ... 2 bowls of pho thai ( 1 large & 1 small ) , 2 drinks , and an order of egg rolls . most places we 've ever ate at charge between $ 20- $ 25 . for this nasty meal ... we paid $ 34 ! we wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite restaurants in the phoenix area , and i 've taken several friends here to share it with , both locally and from out of town . in fact , i would like to go there today ! i love the lemongrass chicken , spicy beef salad , seafood pho , and the garlic green beans . i absolutely love the food , and the only reason it does n't have five stars is the service . it 's not terrible and they 've never screwed up my order or anything , but it 's not the greatest i 've ever had . i recall waiting a few minutes with an empty water glass before i could resume eating because i was thirsty . i 'd rather wait for a refill than not eat at this restaurant though . one thing to keep in mind , this place is small , and it gets busy , so if you do n't want to wait for a table , go at an off time like during the week or for lunch . dinner time on friday or saturday night fills up pretty quick !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing you will notice here is justina . she is warm , friendly , and , if you show up alone , she will sit at your table and get to know you . i had never had vietnamese food before , so could n't tell what to order . her recommendations were the vietnamese egg roll , spring roll , and the black pepper shrimp with garlic toast . the first two were good . although , my pallet did need to get used to the spring roll , because i did not expect it to be a cool dish , i thought it was delicious . my favorite ? the black pepper shrimp . it had the perfect spicing between the garlic on the bread and a little bit of cilantro , i definitely wanted more . highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vietnamese place i 've eaten at outside of new york city . maybe even the best asian food i 've eaten in the phoenix area . and it 's inexpensive ! i would be a regular if i lived out there . it 's really one of the better eateries in the phoenix area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a fun place ! i had the spicy beef salad that was delicious and spicy . my husband had a rice dish with shrimp and beef that he really enjoyed . i added some of his rice to mine to make a perfect dish for me . we will definitely be back . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this place after reading all the rave reviews and hoopla . it is completely `` overrated '' . had the chicken noodle pho and although tasty , never really figured out what the fuss is all about . i believe you can get that same style pho ( that tastes as good ) in other vietnamese restaurants across the valley . prices are n't cheap either . maybe i 'm biased due to the fact that i had to wait for about 90 minutes ( yes , you read correct - an hour and half ) before i was seated . this place probably seats about 30 people max so that does n't help either . also noticed that this is a byob ( eer ) w ( ine ) establishment . one positive thing that i noted was that the owner ( figured her name is justina after reading a few reviews here ) was extremely friendly and interacted with all the customers making them feel very welcome . rare to find such service these days . would definitely not go back for the food , but might consider going back for the friendly service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely beautiful decor . tasteful , interesting , makes you feel as though you 've escaped the desert . spring rolls were tasty , salad was intense but delicious in its way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! what a surprise find ... the service is fantastic . the food is fantastic and the place is clean and modern . i loved it . i will definitely be back . they made me feel very welcomed being a lone diner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard a lot of good things about paramount but on my first visit , this location is definitely a let down in terms of food and service . there is a take out area and sit in area . the sit in area is quite small and its hard to navigate around since you have to squeeze thru the aisle just to get around . the service was lackluster as well as servers were all over the place and did not pin point which tables to server . we ordered hummus and it came quickly so we can dip it with the bread that they provided . honestly , this was the highlight of the meal . i had the tabliyeh saj beef shawarma and it was utterly dissatisfying . the wrap itself was very oily and lukewarm when it arrived . there was not that much beef in the wrap itself and the presentation on the wooden board is just ok . i will not be coming back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in all honestly , this is probably my fault . i ordered a tabbouleh salad and once i realised that the staff member could n't even find it and spent minutes finding someone to help him locate it , i should have walked away from ordering it . service was extremely slow and inefficient , the portion size was small , and it was very mediocre . if you enjoy eating gritty little bits in your $ 9 dollar small sized salad , you should check this place out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good service , nice place but the shawarma is awful . dry , chewy and tasteless . def not going back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chicken shawarma was dried out and tasted like it may be from the day before . the kofta was very dry as well ... very disappointed , the best part was the pizza i ordered for my daughter ... wo n't be eating here again . $ 40.00 wasted ... next time showtime bistro for me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for lunch and i was n't impressed with the food at all . i ordered a falafel plate and the waiter mentioned it did n't have rice . just falafel and salad which was $ 10 which i thought was not cool . most places charge that for rice and salad and the falafel . also the quality of the food was not so great . i would n't come back for sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely slow and painful sevice . not like other paramount restaurants across gta . the food took a long time to come and fries seemed to be from yesterday . this place seems to be more focused on takeaway than the restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for most new places i always like to go back a few times before making up my mind . at first the layout and design of this location was nice and the staff was friendly . i have now eaten in once and taken out a few times . and my view of this place is that it 's not going to last for long . the quality of food dose not compare to other locations . i order the same thing at every paramount and only here is there so much oil you feel sick after eating it . i think they need to rethink their business plan and re train staff on food preparation .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the tabbuleh salad very much . the waiter was kind and helpful . i liked the decorations of the place . the only thing i did n't enjoy was music , but it was n't too loud , so not a big deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very mediocre . the service is slow and after eating a lot of time middle easter food , i think that i 'm very disappointed with the quality and the flavor of this dishes . the meat of the shawarma was dry and flavorless and the falafel has n't all the traditional ingredientes . just falafel and lettuce . it is overpriced . it is n't worth it . my best advice is to skip this awful place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "about as authentic as kfc is to southern cooking . the shawarma is dry due to being pre cut so early in the day . bland and tasteless . also had to return it for more toasting . the press was barely on . left it on for quite a well and still was n't long enough . service was non existent and had to yell for someone to attend the counter . everyone commenting about this place is right . it 's not good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drunk in toronto ? do n't know what to do for fun ? avoid the raptors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're a bball fan , 2015 , 16.. hopefully 2017 are a good time to be one ! the franchise and organization appear interested in keeping and growing a strong product . dwane casey , masai ujiri ; great leaders . the ticket prices are high , the reason a number of fans trek to detroit , etc . toronto , nothing is really inexpensive anymore , getting to the point ( happened to the leafs ) , where most families ca n't afford a game ; a family of 4 with mediocre seats ( food , insane parking costs ) , 100 's of dollars , easily . go raps !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been following toronto raptors since vince carter era , even been to a few playoff games ... yes i 've experienced better than what we have now ... raptors really need players that are exciting , charismatic , entertaining and that will bring interest and of course attendance . sometimes is not us fan ... we can not support a team blindly just because it is our home team.. ( aside for the maple leafs , toronto is a hockey town after all ! ! ) raptors ' management please has a long term plan ... build a good team and the fans will come !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let 's go raptors , let 's go ! ! being the little brother of the maple leafs sucks , but i love this team . been following them since the booing of the non ed o'bannon draft choice to the cheering of the vc era to the booing of the vc era to the kyle lowry era . i love the atmosphere at the acc . better seats than when they played at the skydome . i find the games are very interactive and you get really into it . i love my sports , but i 'm usually not one to jump out of my seats , but i always do it for the raptors . the cheerleaders are great , the chicken is great , the fan girls are great ( though i 'm biased - because one of my friends is one of them ) and under tim leiweke , it appears the raptors are on the road to nba relevance again . keep it up raps and keep up the great entertainment !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who cares ? a team that does nothing year after year that tsn especially tries to shove down our throats . sorry , supporting anything in toronto is like asking a londoner to have his fave soccer team be cska moscow . we live three time zones away here on the west coast , get back to us when your team is entertaining to watch . plus raptors ? worse team name ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good value for your money in terms of excitement , music , experience , and atmosphere . not very similar to maple leaf games where the music is subdued and depressing . the crowd is younger and more enthusiastic than most of the other to teams ( though not as enthusiastic as tfc soccer ) . the quality of in game entertainment is high . great place to take out of towners who have n't yet realized that toronto has a cool urban vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mlse are a bunch of con artists . i have season seats for the toronto raptors for this season ; everything was going great , raps were winning games . i have access to season seat discounts for other seats which was great if some friends wanted a pair of seats on their own closer to the action . i try and go get another pair just after the all star break for my nephew , to find out they stopped the discount suddenly with no warning ! when i signed up i was told this discount applies for the whole season ! mlse got greedy and saw raptors were winning some games and attendance went up a bit so they try and gauge their loyal season seat holders from the discount ! myself and other seat holders are n't happy and i wo n't be renewing our season seats for next year . and to top it off , i sent an email for an explanation and got no response ! thanks mlse !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "prompt , friendly , amazing results ! removed spots and grime left by other companies . there no odors from the spray that he used . great serving all around . i will use him again and would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marty has cleaned my carpets for tears . truly a great and caring person . there is no sticky film afterwards and the carpet looks new . stains come out in s flash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marty does a wonderful job getting the stains out of our carpet . we have been having him come for over two years to our home . with two kids , two dogs and a large bird and many friends and family visiting we constantly have stains that seem to appear out of thin air . our family also has really bad environmental allergies so we have to have a deep cleaning of the furniture and rugs done at least once a year but most of the time twice a year just to keep up with the pollen and dust from outside . the products that he uses are safe for everyone and it does n't leave a weird residue behind like some of the other places we have had used before . he is also very personable and a family guy unlike many of the companies out here . so we feel safe with him in our home . if you support family business , want a trustworthy person to come to your home , and want really clean rugs furniture that look brand new after being cleaned give him a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know anything about the service they provide but one thing i do know is that they drive crazy which is why i would never use them because they 're careless . never seen a company vehicle cut so many people off before .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was not that great for me . i had three hard shell tacos to start and they were all quite disappointing . they had a variety of 5 or 6 meats to choose from but from the 3 that i chose , they all tasted the same . they were really bland . i had the butter chicken , carnitas and ground beef . definitely not memorable or would be the reason to come back here . i noticed one of the other reviews mentioned to have the churros so i gave those a try too . these were surprisingly pretty good . they were served warm and were very crispy on the outside . for a cheap sweet snack , i recommend giving these a try . unfortunately this place does n't have chocolate or caramel syrup to fill the center . i 'm not sure if it 's worth coming back to try other things on the menu but if i have a craving for churros i 'd pick up one or two .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "relatively new burrito place in the area . price is not bad starting at $ 5.99 for regular and $ 7.99 for large burrito . i have tried the chicken mole , butter chicken , and the fish . fish could be a lot better not a big fan of their fish burrito compared to other . lots of fillings to choose from and decent size . regular and large burrito uses the same tortilla wrap so go nuts with the filling if you get regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in and checked-in.. saw the huge empty restaurant with 1 person working the place and a 2 star review.. ordered a chicken mole large burrito , came up to $ 10 . to be honest it was much better then i expected . 3 star experience.. would n't crave this place but have nothing against it either.. would revisit if someone wanted to come .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "totally nasty experience . will be surprised if they last . ordered 1 4 taco meal , 1 taco meal , a chicken quesadilla and nachos with cheese . the liquid cheese on the nachos is nasty ( clumpy ) . the taco beef is pasty ( does n't even taste like beef ) . taco beef also had no gravy , sauce or seasoning . this was the worst experience ever . pretty bad when taco bell beats this place hands down ... . wo n't be back here for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really did not find this place that bad for the quantity of food and price . this place is so close to my house so it 's convenient , quick , cheap and relatively healthy providing me with a serving of black and pinto beans , fresh vegetables , in a corn whole wheat wrap . it makes for a great filling affordable meal . so , do n't let the other comments sway you , it 's honestly not that bad . yes , i do agree with some of the commenters that the ground beef and chicken strips are albeit sub-par quality , their fish tacos , carnita and beef strips on the other hand are quite good and seems more like real meat . if you want it hotter , ask them to keep it on the grill a little longer ? so do n't expect a mexican senore grounding corn and flipping fresh maza tortilla for you geez ... it 's a $ 7 burrito and it tastes pretty good ! recommend to try : fish tacos with pineapple curry sauce carnita burrito with green and red salsa beef strip tacos", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food has not met expectations at all . in store did n't taste good , uber eats was cold and did n't taste good . would definitely not recommend at all , not even if you were dying . get & go burrito all the way !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "return visit . sad to say at around 7 pm the place is empty . i really feel for the owners of this place and i hope this was simply a slow weeknight . we ordered the curry goat and whole fish - red snapper . started with codfish fritters ( big surprise - another restaurant.com coupon ) they bring you a basket of chips with bean dip ( sorry babe , you are gon na hate me later tonite ! ) as with my past visits , the food is good , it 's home-cookin ' good . without the coupon , the pricing might be a little high ( the goat $ 16 , the fish $ 23 ) but it comes with some great plantains , cabbage , and other veggies so it 's a complete meal . the place might also have an identity crisis - is it jamaican ? nicaraguan ? mexican ? american ? the menu is very large . i still like the place and hopefully it makes it ! pics attached", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is no longer a caribean joint , it served mexican and el salvadoran . i did not eat there , we wanted jamaican patties .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our only lunch on this trip was at the goat post tropical grill on buffalo drive . this is a small unassuming restaurant owned by a couple that serve as waiter ( him ) and chef ( her ) . the food spans both the caribbean and mexico , but we went with for the jamaican beef patties , jerk chicken with spicy fries and jamaican ginger beer soda . the pastry shell for the patties was amazingly soft and the filling provided enough spice to keep them interesting . the jerk chicken proved to be spicy , tender and bountiful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "closed after less than 2 months . the pizza was okay for las vegas but i miss three brothers which was in the same location 3 years ago .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "from the friendly buddhist statements on the walls , to the 2 dollar draft beers , to the flash fried half chicken appetizer , to the magnificent crust on the pizza , this place rocks . hell , they even play rock and roll in the background , so it really rocks ! outstanding service , fabulous food , unique atmosphere ( and did i mention ) 2 dollar beer ! i am working my way through the entire menu in multiple visits and each time is better than the last . this is truly a one-of -a kind pizza joint ! at the end of your meal they give you a little `` wish book '' to write a wish upon and you tear the page out and roll it up and stick it in a large sealed jar at the front . i happened to glance over to see what my nine-year old son wrote for his wish . it was `` i wish for a unicorn '' . my wish is to get back there in the near future ( maybe even tonight ) and have another astoundingly excellent meal . go pizza buddha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a great moody atmosphere , friendly staff , and great food . i had setu 's favorite which is a pizza dish with pancetta , shaved garlic , baby clams , and roasted onions . it was delicious ! i also had an order of japanese pretzel sticks which come in a shot glass of chili oil . great for $ 1.50 . i also received a roll of smarties with the check . however , the staff was the best part about this place . they were all extremely helpful and genuinely care about your experience there . i can see myself eating here often . this is n't your average pizza joint , it 's definitely an innovative step in the right direction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i drove by this new place and the smell was amazing , so we decided to give it a try for dinner . i do n't usually eat pizza , but he considers himself a connoisseur . we ordered the `` papa krakatoa '' ( their hawaiian style ) to take home and we were able to have a glass of wine and a beer while we waited . the employees were very accomodating and our pizza was ready quickly . i was shocked when i tried the pizza- i have n't had something this delicious since i moved from back east . the quality of the ingredients and the seasoning were awesome . we definitely recommend this new spot and will be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and wish them the best ! we ordered the mo thai and it was absolutely fabulous . love the decor and really nice people . will definitely be back for round 2 very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried pizza buddha yesterday , $ 2 draft beers were a nice starter , i went for the pizza but ended up getting the roasted and flash fried chicken instead , outstanding , the flavors were enormous , i tried but did not use the creamy garlic dip that came with it , not needed , you simply can not make this dish any tastier , the celery slaw that came with it also was excellent and a nice crunchy partner for the chicken . my wife loved her pizza as did i , the crust was perfect , delicious , and they only use the best cheese around to make their pizzas perfect , alot of care and thought at this place , she only had the pepperoni as she is a might picky , but the pizza still exceded our expectations , cant wait to go back and try the clam pizza , and the calamari ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the forward facing kitchen as you walk in the door . the atmosphere is zen-like and comfortable . staff is friendly and knowlegeable . chef made the rounds at lunch checking on everyone . the '' open sesame '' chicken salad is light , tasty , and the perfect lunch portion or shareable . we shared and enjoyed the ho-tai pizza with delicious artichoke hearts , cherry tomatoes , spinach , garlic and olive oil . simply delicious ! ! give it a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the manager promised us a refund , swindled us , and then lied to the corporate headquarters about everything and charged us $ 150 extra for completely bogus cleaning fees . what a nightmare . do n't go here ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "booked a king non smoking and when i arrived was given a king smoking . i was told no other room was available . i told the desk clerk i would need to check the room to see how bad it was and if i would stay . upon opening the door the stench rocked my senses as it smelled like a cigar bar with active smokers . suffice to say , i left the hotel and found other accomodations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called your hotel inquiring about room avalability and was rudely greeted ( i use that term loosely ) by an agent by the name kadijah ( spell check ) . she agressively told me that you were `` sold out , zilich rooms , nothing for you , nada '' . i am not sure if she was having a bad day or what ever the case may be however i felt that her tone and comments were very uncalled for . i will never stay at a place in which the workers even answer a phone in that matter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible promised me a rate and acre like they did n't know anything about it charged me more than was supposed to be every time they said they would do something they did n't promised me 114 a night and charged me a variable rte up to 150 be careful there liars and thieves , horrible week trying to so my job and deal with them at the same time stressful", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : - free wifi - nice continental breakfast including eggs , biscuits and gravy , sausages , bagels , toast , muffins , juice , coffee , tea . - about $ 10 less than other hotels we queried along the same stretch of highway - clean room , comfy bed cons : - night employee was less than pleasant - gave the implication with tone of voice that this hotel would be more than we wanted to spend ( the room was $ 124 ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i called to regards to rooms i seen online and the woman named kadesja at the desk was very unpleasant . she also told me i was asking her `` dumb questions '' and then hung up . when i called back to ask to speak to her manager she asked where was i calling from and what did i want . would not stay here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . the fit and finish on everything is worn and out of date . the room smelled like it was an old smoking room that was n't able to be cleaned properly , the office chair was torn with stuffing coming out , the mirror is mounted crooked on the wall , and if you think i 'm just being picky , when i pulled down the comforter , the bed sheets had yellow stains on them . this location is an embarrassment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean room , nice breakfast . lousy night manager as we arrived late . overall good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service here could be friendlier , and they now charge heftily for brown rice . you would think brown rice was gold ! if i were in the area , i would still run in for my old stand by broccoli and tofu lunch special , but it 's not a stand alone lunch destination for me any longer as our neighborhood china one far exceeds this location in quality of service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been eating here about once a week for about 2 years . the food is consistently very good , with large portions and good quality ingredients . when i moved from henderson to summerlin i was worried that i would n't find a chinese take out anywhere as good as china a go go , but this comes pretty close . some of my favorites include singapore noodles , war wonton soup , and chicken w broccoli . the only improvement i 'd really like to see is them taking american express ( they only take visa & mc ) , but i understand why they do n't .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coming from san francisco , the bar on chinese food was set high and sadly china one does n't come close .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my second time eating here this time just to try the sweet & sour lunch special .. which made out to be another decent meal . my 1st visit was for dinner where my significant other & i tried calimari , fried chicken wings , spinach & a host of other dishes . which were all none the least up to par . only downside was being charged an extra 2.50 just to change my white rice to brown which ended up not being cooked through all the way so was slightly hard . regardless thee portions were slightly huge & delightful for a pick me upper", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i knew not to expect to much . however , i was pleasantly somewhat surprised . it was n't great or anything , but some items were pretty good ... some eh . the egg rolls i would never order again . i like the deep fried thick crust egg rolls..yum . these are the overly fried and oily spring rolls . no bueno . i did like the string beans and sesame beef . it 's so close to home , i 'll come back again and try something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular at china one , even though this is n't one of the best chinese food places . they do certain things really well so i keep going back . but unless you order a chicken dish that has breading and is deep-fried , the chicken is rubbery . fatty . slimy . just know what to order and you will enjoy it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no too bad , not too good . it 's right around the corner from where i live and they deliver . i 'd get it again but i would n't go out of my way to eat there or order in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "by far the best chinese food i 've had for a very long time . the portions were large and they do n't skimp on the more expensive ingredients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eaten here a handful of times and it 's always been good . i 've had better at several places but it 's close by and the delivery is quick . on this occasion i ordered take out via online.. i wrote on 3 separate pages that i would like extra chili sauce , paste , packets on the side.. and did n't get even one ! the soup was super blank and that curry which i ordered spicy was n't even a level one spicy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always great food and the service is nice . i live right around the corner and when i 'm totally lazy and not up to drive . they deliver very promptly . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , well-prepared and light chinese food . a friend and i stopped here for dinner after a rock climbing trip and were very pleasantly surprised by the high quality of the food . everything was fresh and cooked perfectly . not greasy like some chinese food , either . fast and pleasant service , and reasonable prices . a real find . i 'll definitely be bringing friends here during our next trip out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went over there thinking it 's similar to panda express but this place is different . the portion sizes are really huge good for two people . stan helped us with the orders and he was very good with helping us to figure out right food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "china one - near my house - check , amazing food - double check , fast service - triple check . we frequented china one when we lived in this awesome summerlin 'hood five years ago . china one welcomed us back with open arms a few months ago . i love the food , the service ( the register girls are soooo sweet ! ) , and the specials . when my family is craving chinese food , and do not want to venture far , just veg on the couch kind of night , this is our place . my husband also wanted to add that china one 's teriyaki bowls are the best ever . he says they top s.s 's by 20 and are so much more reasonable in price . the mustard here is amazing , and so is the paper ( foil ) wrapped chicken . china one is most definitely a once a week place for us ! - love summerlin local !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good and the delivery was fast ! i ordered mongolian beef and fried rice they said it would take 45 minutes and my food was delivered within 15 minutes . the food was good and it was not too saucy or drenched in soy sauce like many other fast food chinese places . i will order from here again = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there quality has give down hill . i have been going here since they opened . the last two times we 've ordered from here the quality just has n't been the same . the chow mein noodles were different and the flavor was a little off i also ordered a thai iced tea which was not sweetened and a taro boba did not taste good . in fact , the taro boba was not finished . on the positive , the sesame beef tasted good as usual , but i do n't think it 's enough for me to order from them again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "favorite chinese take out place - super fast delivery and super fresh food ! never had to wait more than 30 minutes for order - usually delivered within 15-20 ... ca n't beat that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you do n't like a lot of salt make sure to ask them not to add salt to the already salty sauces ! they also claim to not use msg but i beg to differ ! i have reactions to msg and when i eat here i get the side effect from msg .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service . great customer service . pleasantly surprised . they took direction to the t which was great ( i.e . easy sauce , extra crispy , etc . ) i 'll order again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update . this is my third visit . i ordered mongolian beef ( the one i had great experience with during the first visit ) . all i have to say is , the food tastes good this time , but the beef is still awful . i do n't have more to say except this to the owner . please use the same beef you use before . this batch of beef is terrible . too many tendons in there , some are too soft ( baking soda burn ) some are too hard to chew ( full of tendons ) . 4 star for the taste 1 star for the beef", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delivery was timely but food was not good . we ordered pot stickers , egg drop soup , chicken chowmein , chicken teriyaki , and mongolian beef . the only thing that was edible was the rice that came with the entrees . the egg drop soup and chowmein were mediocre at best . i am a huge fan of chinese food and it was approximately $ 50 for all items again , service and delivery were good but the food was disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was a very quick delivery . excellent service . we ordered the egg foo young , it was very delicious although really greasy . we also ordered the pad thai which i was not a fan of , my husband liked it , but ... he was also liking the bathroom the next day . over all it was okay i will definitely give it another shot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm torn between a 3 & 4 rating the food definitely a 4 but for the prices the food being served with plastic spoons , styrofoam cups for hot soup , paper plates the prices should be 7.00 a dish rather the . 12.75 + . we had 2 dishes and soup for almost 40.00 with tip that 's almost like pf changs . suggestion install a dishwasher and get real silverware and dishes : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a loyal customer of hers since it opened . the food was fantastic and the flavours complemented each other tremendously . unfortunately , for the last few months there has been a steady decline in not only portions , but the finished product . today was the tipping point . i religiously get the same thing every day and they remember this , but i have yet to have my sandwich made the same way . todays blt consisted of 2 ( toonie sized ) pieces of lettuce , which the chef len flattened with her knife to make it look bigger , then it was prepared with the mission sandwich toppings ( balsamic glaze ) and one half had regular mayo and the other has spicy mayo . having been a loyal customer since the beginning i will be making a effort to never go there again . i will also make sure that this becomes known amongst our guests , as i always recommended this place ( until now )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the greatest and quaintest spot for a bite ! fresh food , clean resto , great selection , daily specials , fair price , bright seating ! very personal and kind service , free wifi , nice coffee . the entrance is n't so obvious , but go into the building lobby and make a point of finding it , you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "healthy , delicious , super friendly staff and fairly priced ... do n't pass it by if you are near toronto pearson airport !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible selection , very few options at 2 pm.. only offers halal chicken which i avoid any time possible . should at the least be optional . can i add that this makes no sense to serve only halal chicken when almost every sandwich has a pork aspect to it ? prosciutto and halal chicken , absolute genius to come up with this idea definitely not worth the detour", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only reason why i created a yelp account is because i just had to review this place . tucked away in one of the business buildings along airport road is a treasure of great food with an affordable price ! this is honestly such a hidden gem ! i ca n't believe how good this food is ! the smoked salmon croissant is just amazing . and the best part is that everything , yes i mean everything , is made in house . i was so surprised to hear that the pickled onions and even the dressing on my sandwich is home made . you can tell that the owner is a true chef that is really passionate about her food ! i encourage anyone and everyone to try this place out ! i 'm definitely coming back here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , low prices and very friendly staff . it 's in an office building so it was a little hard for me to tell exactly where it was , but if you just walk into the lobby , you 'll see the sign . they have a great selection for breakfast , lunch , desert , coffee and tea and the place is clean and inviting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dropped in for a quick lunch and ended up staying for two hours . the kimchi portobello sandwich was fantastic and the staff was nice and very knowledgeable about what they were serving . nice little place - an office converted into a bistro . very convenient if you 're heading to pearson airport . a little tricky to find , so you need to look for the signs on the windows -- but well worth the effort .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little caf\u00e9 bistro is a godsend considering the dearth of non-overpriced options in the area . they have a great selection and of sandwiches and salads , but the daily specials are what really shine . they serve a rotating menu of hot food combos like jerk chicken , pastas , or pad thai . i have never been disappointed with the food here , and their take on pork schnitzel is to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what amazing customer service first an foremost i 've got ta point that out ! food was fantastic . got the lentil broccoli soup which was delicious ! though i 'd admit id have liked it a tad more with salt . think it might have been turmeric in it . the omelette while done well was served with no toast.. a tad of a let down . the quesadilla though was delicious . saving the best for last i had the japanese beef sandwich . it 's a big piece just giving everyone a heads up . that was the creme de la creme . it 's a must have ! i def know where to go around the airport next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is very well prepared , tasty , savoury etc . no question about that . they also serve my favourtie coffee , illy . when you consider the competition around this establishment , namely the ones in neighbouring buildings , you will notice that the pricing at mission eatery is more expensive then the other places . i feel like the portion sizing and pricing is relative to some fine dining restaurants when really , all i am looking for a is decent sized sandwich , soup or salad . if this place was on ossington & dundas , then ya , maybe you could get away with the higher priced food because it is really well done and hipstery folks dont mind paying . just that there other options around the area that provide food that is just as well done , maybe not as exotic , but priced below mission eatery . i would be a patron if the prices were a bit lower and the portions a bit more substantive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "superbe little eatery ! good food good service . location tricky to find , but totally worth it ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is definelty worth the effort it takes to find this little shop . it in a business building so you have to keep your eyes open for if . its in a building called airway . look for visitors parking . all the sandwiches look good . i went with the chicken prosciutto one and its 5 stars . the lady was a little slow making the food but connect to the free wifi and you 're good . over all.. worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great find via yelp . serves a local work crowd primarily but a nice alternative for hotel guests wanting something quick but quality !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good quality food for lunch . grilled chicken avo with hot sauce and jerk chicken meals were great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there was too many yummy options so i chose two ! the special of the day was a tofu pad thai , so i made that vegan and also got a vegan quinoa salad . both were very filling and prices are amazing . got two meals and a fresh squeezed juice all for under 20 $ . service was friendly , you can take away or eat in . lots of fresh baked goods options as well . the menu all looks amazing , ca n't wait to come back back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in the area for a workshop and decided to try out this place for lunch . we were so glad to have picked this place ! the food was very fresh and delicious . i had the mission panini , and a freshly squeezed beet juice . my husband got the chicken quesadilla with a mushroom soup . everything we got was really good ! the service was also fast and friendly . i ordered a cookie for desert and had forgotten to bring it to the table and the manager personally brought it to our table . overall a friendly place with fresh and delicious food . i would definitely go back if i am ever in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here looking for something other than a subway or tim hortons during a weekend event at the convention centre down the road . it 's tucked away in what seems to be an office building . upon entering it looks like your typical cafeteria type lunch spot . i tried one of their salad bowls and it was n't too memorable but i do remember it being packed with lots of ingredients . i was just thankful that there were other affordable options aside from your regular lunch fast food spots .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "easily best place around the area . daily specials are updated on their website and big plus everything is made in house . best gourmet food in the area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the portions are my main complaint . if you buy anything with meat , the actually quantity of meat is so less that it seems like a joke . i 've gone out of my way to go here a few times and try different items , but yesterday was the last straw .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing place . clean , nice size , great prices , delicious food , all tucked away under a building . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "times are incorrect . yelp states 0900 , yet the open at 0700 . would have stopped here for breakfast instead of the hotel . everything we saw looked fantastic and was very affordable . we got the turkey blt wrap and it was awesome ! ! we will be back for sure whenever we are in toronto for business . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an awesome miso soup and a super healthy quinoa lentil salad ! the chef lanny is very helpful and makes customized orders ! a big boon for vegetarians here near the airport with protein enriched meal with quinoa and lentils !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arbitrarily decided to close early today . so unfortunately we have review to provide .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of our local pet stores . the staff here are wonderful and they have an excellent selection of anything you 'd need . the other thing that is great is that they have a little self wash doggy wash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had a special visit at this location . i just adopted a rescue doberman , and today was the day i was going to go get him a nice new winter jacket ( he 's a skinny little guy ! ) and booties . the staff were so helpful and caring .. they let me blab on about my new doberboy , and gave him lots of head rubs and treats . it also made my time fitting him for a new jacket easy .. the one employee helped me pull sizes of jackets which made things a bit easier . getting a jacket on a big dog is n't exactly easy ! they had a large selection of big dog jackets and vests - this is a rarity in most pet supply stores . the other employee talked to me about led balls for awhile . it was just one of those shopping trips that made me feel so good and happy . it 's so nice to have strangers excited for your new canine addition . thanks for making duke 's petvalu shopping adventure so positive and happy : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this store and have become a regular . they always have a good supply of what i want in stock , and the prices are right . the staff is friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful pet valu , by far my favourite in the city i love that they have the self serve dog wash especially living in an apartment downtown it 's great not having to bath my dogs in my shower . they even provide you with all of the towels and shampoo and dryers you need . plus getting a stamp card to eventually get a free wash . the staff are very knowledgeable and helpful here and i love the selection of toys and lots and lots of treats you ca n't find anywhere else . mine and my pets favourites would be the peachy keen pets leashes and accessories , this & that bulk displays to get some bones and chews , chilly dogs ! so many sizes and great selection and the bosco and roxy treats . my pets drag me in here to say hello to the friendly knowledgeable staff and get some treats", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really helpful and kind staff here , ( unlike petsmart which is like home depot for dogs ) and they are always kind to my dogs when i bring them in ! they have a dog wash that is a bit pricey for do it yourself but the setup is really well designed and easy to use , unlike the cheap do it yourself dog washes you can find at car wash places line shiny time . you get what you pay for . the store layout is easy to navigate and this location offers big country raw . if you want to feed your dog raw food it 's a great product but not all pet valu stores carry it but this one does . this place is definitely for the dogs ... in a good way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my frenchie suffers from more than 50 food and environmental allergens , so when i learned her limited ingredient diet food had been discontinued , i was quite concerned about the daunting task of finding a new food given such extreme restrictions . i am so happy pet valu was my first stop . the selection of food at this store is impressive , and the store associates are truly exceptional . the associates were extremely knowledgeable and helpful , and together we found not one , but two foods that met her strict dietary needs . additionally , the store was immaculately clean , fully stocked and organized , well lit , with no funky pet odors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dog wash stations are consistently closed . the same reason is provided , they have incoming stock and no room in the back . after going there several times , i 've had to call ahead since this is now a regular practice and have been told the same reason each time for over 2 months now . you would think they would be busy restocking however not the case , the constantly changing staff are behind the counter chatting amongst themselves . tried to discuss this with the manager both in person and over the phone however staff says she is 'not in today ' and ca n't say when she will be there . also , you have to sign a waiver which they ca n't find the next time and make you sign another one before you can wash your dog . poorly managed store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very professional . you can trust any clock here , they know what they 're doing . i had an old school wall clock that was originally wired to the building it was in . i had them convert it to a battery mechanism with new dials so i could hang it on the wall . worked out perfect ! also , i have brought my sons g-shock watch in for battery replacement and to help readjust the time during daylight savings since this watch is not easily adjusted . for this they usually have me out the door in no time . prices seem fair for what i had done . they also have a lot of grandfather clocks and cuckoo clocks among a few other interesting pieces in house . very knowledgable folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a lot larger than it looks from the outside . they have an expansive collection of different clocks . the gentleman who helped us were very kind and knowledgeable . i will definitely be going back ! this place is a lot larger than it looks from the outside . they have an expansive collection of different clocks . the gentleman who helped us were very kind and knowledgeable . i will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place employs smug and condescending people who apparently like to talk down to customers , and will not provide estimates until they have got your clock ( the oldest trick in the book to spring over-inflated repair prices ) . they may know how to fix clocks , but they do n't know anything about customer service ! had a really bad experience here and would not recommend them to anyone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware of inflated estimates antigue clock suddenly began to run only ten minutes . took to suburban clock for estimate . on delivery , i found a screw which had come out loose inside the case and this was pointed out to staff . left clock for them to check over and provide estimate . a week later , was informed that clock needed a total rebuild and new main spring at cost of $ 400 . retrieved clock . noticed that clock had not been checked prior to estimate ( to check it the screw would have had to be reinstalled and it had not been touched ) . installed screw myself in 1 minute . clock now works great . this estimate for total rebuild and main spring was made without checking clock over and was not needed . as non clock makers , customers are quite vulnerable to up-charged estimates for work that is not needed -- so beware that this business would have done all this work on my clock which only needed a single screw put back in place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful clocks ! expert repair and restoration ! charming store ! there is something here for everyone . who knew that there were so many lovely ways to decorate your home with clocks , or commemorate with a special , timeless and long lasting gift !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only had the seared ahi salad here , 2x . and it 's amazing ! i did n't think a bar and grill would have such great presentation plating for salad but they do and it tasted delicious . food menu comes with a lot of asian inspired fusion items . drink menu comes with a lot of delicious sounding drinks from the full bar . restaurant comes with a lot of scantily clad women in short mini black dresses with long flowing hair . good thing the food is good ! will definitely come back again for the salad : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm writing this after the second time in a row , where me and my date have walked out before ever ordering our food . the staff watched us sit ourselves in the lounge part , and took forever to come and take our drink orders , only to never be seen again ! ! i had eaten there a few times maybe a year ago and the food was really good , but the last two times i have not even gotten close to even ordering food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "moxies has shifted a bit more upscale since the last time i went . i stopped in mid afternoon for a late lunch . i guess i missed the lunch menu , because i was looking at entrees ranging from $ 18 - $ 26 -- not what i 'm used to seeing from moxies . i ordered the sandwich combo , a bowl of thick broccoli cheese soup paired with a beef dip . the soup was hearty , loaded with shredded cheese and fresh , crisp broccoli tops . the sandwich had a generous portion of beef , with mushrooms and nice seasoning . for $ 11 , this was a great option . i left comfortably filled at a respectable price . arriving at 2 pm was a problem . evidently , there was no wait staff around . after being seated by the hostess , i waited 15 minutes until i caught a glimpse of a server . still , i will go back for the soup and sandwich , but at lunchtime ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tables for two are on the smallish side if you 're not lucky to score a booth . the restaurant was busy when we arrived and busy when we left . since i had forgotten my glasses , very dim lighting made it hard for me to read the menu clearly but the waiter was able to make recommendations . i had the chicken rigatoni in madeira sauce which really a misnomer . where exactly was the chicken ? the big k was luckier with his selection : steamed australian whitefish dress in a bed of jasmine rice the drink special of the night was miami clear which tasted slightly medicinal with the essence of aloe and orange vodka . delivery of food items was timely with military-style precision , making for a quick dinner and fast exit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after a long day 's work and a great dinner , this is a fun place to stop at to grab a drink and a lite snack . i happened to land myself at this place , based on the recommendation of my fellow co-worker who happened to be at the same place the night before for dinner . now , i only had drinks at the bar and did n't have any of the food ; however , according to him and another co-worker , the food was decent . a few observations : 1 . the drinks are great and they have nightly specials . 2 . they have huge tv 's ; so , if you want to catch up on sports , this is your place . 3 . the views are simply amazing ( i 'm not talking about the views out the window ) . great drinks , awesome service and the staff is ... well ... stop by and judge for yourself : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will give this restaurant one star . even that is too many but i ca n't post this without committing to at least one . coupons given in compensation of a horrible first experience brought us back for a second try . it seems these folks have n't learned a thing . we sat for 15 mins before anyone even acknowledged us . only then did a bar manager stop by and ask if we had been looked after . we said we were leaving ! she convinced us to stay promising she would personally serve us . we waited 12 mins for our first drinks , and 35 mins passed before we were offered a second . my dates fish was burnt and it took 15 mins for a replacement to arrive . i ate alone ; he ate alone . mood killer . we will never be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this location . the staff is terrific and i 'm always satisfied whenever i come here . steak salad , moxies g & t , salted pecan cheesecake , great way to kick off a weekend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant did not meet my expectations the decor was nice and the service was excellent but the food left a lot to be desired . the baked potato was not good at all.the vegetables were under cooked . the desert was very good we sent our coffee back cause it was lukewarm overall i was not impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here on a weekday for dinner with my girlfriend . the staff was extremely welcoming and friendly . the service was impeccable and the food delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the surface , menu looks good , but falls flat on execution of some meals . had an ahi tuna salad and the salad portion was very salty . service is ok but not overly friendly . great i suppose if you 're interested in being waited on by hangry thin twenty something 's in skimpy black dresses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "may6- was here for dinner . our waiter was not attentive and was more interested in making out with some girl in a booth . not professional at all . i was shocked that he had the nerve to do this while he had customers . we had to get up to get the bill after waiting a while . ive been to this location a few times . i only ever order the peppercorn steak and as usual , it was great . there was only one time when i ordered this and it was half fat . i didnt end up paying for it , but i felt out of place bringing this up to out waitress . the service is good and the food is great . definitely overpriced for what it is . the white chocolate brownie is the greatest . the ambiance is fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the chicken chipotle quesadilla and it was good , but the chipotle yogurt dip that it came with was actually rather bland and gave an `` off '' flavour when pairing it with the quesadilla . my sons ordered from the kids menu - one grilled cheese and one cheese pizza ... both devoured ! the highlight of their meal was the anticipation of the ice cream dessert that is served over dry ice . our waitress , atlanta , was very friendly and accommodating . the manager also stopped by our table to say hello and check that everything was going well . decor is dark and sophisticated . a better destination for dinner with adults .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "... .ambience great..great food.. service well not so much ... wine list really ! ! ! ! .the waitress had great personality and a wonderful attitude ... however she just did n't know how to be a server ... . so 5 stars when you train your staff ... ..and figure out the wine list ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , excellent variety of selection , and supreme desserts . the environment here is a bit less professional than the moxie 's in toronto . in other words , the staff here is chosen for different assets and could use some more clothing . ok place for dinner if gentlemen only . i had a female colleague that was mortified by some of the behaviors of our waitress and can not possibly go back there with her again . try the white chocolate brownie !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . nothing special . nice for a large group .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i trust my 3 cats to few humans , so this was quite a big step for me ! i was so pleased with the care that brenton & ashley took with my babies ! they are both extremely professional and just two very nice and caring people . they sent me pictures of my cats every day they were there . when i got to florida , i realized that i had forgotten a recipe that i wanted to make for a birthday party . brenton actually called me and gave it to me over the phone as it was sitting on my kitchen counter ! ! went way above and beyond ! ! i highly recommend them and will use them again when i vacation in the fall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "executive pet services was great when we went out of town for the weekend . our cats were happy and comfortable when we returned home , and we really liked receiving the email updates that the sitter provided . our cat situation is a little complicated , but executive handled it excellently , and we will definitely be using them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we adopted our lab mix in august and have had a lot of trouble with her . my girlfriend and i worked long hours and we decided we needed to get a dog walker to give our new pet a break in the middle of the day . my girlfriend found executive pet services ( it was surprisingly hard to find a service that would come downtown ) and we 've been extremely happy . brenton came to our apartment to meet us and our dog and we went through all the logistics . he and his team were very flexible as we kept adjusting our dog 's routine as the months went by . we recently moved and hope to find a dog walker just as good in our new city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using executive pet sitters since 2012 to care for my cat and i could n't be happier with their services . i do not trust many people to take care of my cat let alone come into my apartment , but i do trust executive pet sitters and they have done an amazing job . prior to using their services , brenton & ashley took the time to meet with me and my cat . i instantly knew that they were good people , i could trust them and my cat would be in great hands . they truly care about their furry clients , are responsive , reliable and detail oriented . while they were pet sitting one weekend , they noticed a light had been turned on that they did not turn on in our apartment . they contacted me right away . my husband had stopped by and turned on a light , but i truly appreciated that they noticed something may have been wrong and contacted me . ca n't say enough good things about eps !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall i really enjoyed opening day at murphy 's law . this place looks so polished and interesting , i could have sworn it was part of a larger restaurant group . they had all the staple items you 'd expect at an irish pub ( stout , stews and plaid clad wait staff ) . food fish and chips were tasty and crispy . it was a large portion and the standard fries were really good . the hamburger i ordered medium came out bloody rare and cold . their second attempt was well done and without a lot of flavor . this part was the biggest flop of the evening . service super friendly and amazingly attentive . they did have opening day jitters , but i 'm willing to overlook a miscooked item on opening day if your servers have a great attitude . they did ! special they have a special item on their menu that if you order it , they will donate 1 2 of the price of the item to a local downtown chandler non-profit ican . that 's cool !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i liked the environment . the decor was carefully thought out . i am curious as to how much money is actually on the walls . the corn bread was great . i had a potato skins and they had sat for a bit before arriving at our table . i think my husband was happy with his food ( although i am not sure what he actually ate ) . i think this would be a great place to hang out on a friday night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time here . this place is dirty and the service is horrible ! ! ! ! we came to eat , but because of the bad service ( we waited 30 min and no one took our order ) we had a drink and left . the girls seem confused and upset . husbands beer was flat . not much else to say other than people around us complained constantly about service and food and one couple sent their food back . : -", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really had fun here . rugged ambience , friendly servers , non creepy people . me and my girl friend had a blast . really came here for the beergaritas since i never know any bar near my house that 's serving it . 6.25 for a decent sized margarita with a cute coronita , i 'm sold ! the nachos were a bit so-so though . if you 're into beers , they have a wide selection of it , mixed and all . if you 're looking for cocktails , they do n't specialize on that so you 'll get your general cosmo margarita . but yes will for sure come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i leave chandler for a few years , and it turns to scottsdale . being a fan of chandler bars like the pecos lounge and ... well ... the pecos lounge , i was shocked to see this sqeaky-clean , themed , yuppie bar in a neighborhood that used to mean death for white people . as my drinking buddy noted , `` i know it 's an irish pub , but do they need to beat you over the head with it ? '' green backlit alcohol displays , racist comedy on the video screens , shamrocks and green crap all over the place ... please stop . also , i hate when bartenders need refer to a video screen to place my order and give me a total . it was a gin and tonic and a whiskey coke . you should be able to do that in your head , take my money and let me go have fun .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friends and i went to irish republic on st.patrick 's day eve . it was by far the worst service i have ever received at a bar . we waited no less then 20 min for a drink . we thought our first server was horrible ; she told us she was leaving and requested that we close out and open a new tab with the server coming on staff . the new server appeared about 30-45 min later , after we flagged staff down . we spent a lot of money at this bar and will not be going back . very disappointed by the ridiculously poor service here . to top it off , they only have 1 bathroom for women , with absurd decoration . if i could rate this `` bar '' a zero , i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "here 's my update . irish republic was way better when it was murphy 's law sheds a tear it is now a franchise and the service is crappy , and being the beer connoisseur that my husband is , they no longer list the avb next to the beers . it was depressing the last time we all went to the irish republic because all of us sat there and said , `` this place has really changed ... for the worse . '' it 's not horrible , still a fun place to hang out but now all they play is pop music all night long and i really miss the live bands . maybe they still have live bands , but they did n't have one on the saturday night we went .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here saturday morning for some breakfast with my boyfriend , the bar restaurant was pretty empty with only 1 or 2 other tables of people but we chose to sit ourselves outside on the patio . our waitress was slow and had no knowledge about the specials on the board . it seemed to take forever for our food to arrive which seemed strange with the place being so empty . there were 4 or 5 other waitresses working this morning which seemed a bit much . they mostly stood around next to our table and talked about drunken nights out with friends and other pointless distracting topics . our waitress was very friendly but was not attentive at all . the food was pretty good , i got the french ( irish ) toast and the portion was big , i could n't even finish it . i would come back but maybe for a drink or two at the bar . the food is decent but i would n't sit through another meal service like that again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "brews are ice cold but ! ! ! there food is great ! ! ! ! and the servers are cute sweet ! also try there breakfast hugh servings and coffee never ends they make it strong too , not no whimpy coffee here . fridays a bit crowded so get ther early , so it make great for a real irish pub . love this place ! ! ! ! try there fish & chips , sheperds pie oooooo goood ! ! ! ! and the bread pudding is jodie approved ! ! ! 5 stars she loved it , and my wifew knows here bread pudding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was early for a dinner date around the corner and happened to see a couple of guys hanging a sign for what looked like a new pub restaurant . i always like to try new places so i ventured in . i guess this place used to be called murphy 's law and now it is called irish republic . i had never been to murphy 's law , so although i have nothing to compare it to , i did like the interior and service of the `` new '' irish republic . i sat at the bar and service was attentive and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to grab food and drinks . it can get pretty full on the weekends , but you can usually score a seat . the food here is addictive . i love the irish cheese dip and the corn cakes . they taste delicous with the yummy pear cider . on the tvs they have these funny signs with quotes that are pretty entertaining . strangely , there seems to be a never-ending reel of them . i have n't seen the same one twice . the past few times i 've been there , they 've had an irish guy playing music ... hugh . he gets a little angry if you do n't clap along , but otherwise he 's pretty fun . i like this place ... definitely will be back for more irish cheese dip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "murphys law in downtown chandler was a great time . we went with some friends to have a couple drinks and some food . the menu was mostly irish pub grub but what would you expect . they make an awesome carbomb too . it was full but not crowded , got loud at times which made it hard to hear the person across from you but not unbearable . the service was friendly and helpful and kept our glasses full with their high quality beer selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i had purchased tickets online to attend the st. patrick 's day festival and have a nice lunch at the pub . when we arrived , we decided to go to the festival first , right at noon when it was scheduled to open . mass chaos with pre-purchased tickets , designated driver tickets and wristbands . waited until 12:40 and the festival still was n't opened . we asked for a refund on the festival tickets , and wanted to go eat at the pub for a nice , authentic irish meal . once we arrived at the pub , we were informed that no one under 21 was allowed in today . that was not on any of the festival information - flyers or website ! the whole event was disorganized ; non of the management nor staff knew what to do or expect .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rip off warning ! this place has sure changed and not for better . warning that the happy hour appetizer while $ 5 vs $ 8 or so it is also about half the portion total rip off ! since when are happy hour appetizers smaller ? ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service and good food . my favorite part is the trivial pursuit packs arranged at the bar every 4-6 people ! great for an ice breaker , fixing a lull in the conversation or just proving that your boss is , indeed , an idiot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is terrible , atmosphere is all right ( very cramped in space ) . our waitress on the other hand was awesome ! she had a great look to her ( pink hair and all ) friendly and prompt service . the service from the waitress would be the only reason why i would ever go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i liked the place . i can only say that the service was wonderful and i thought my irish nachoes were pretty tasty . i did n't get to have a `` drinky '' but if you like beer this might be the place for you ( having taste-tested several varieties from patronizing friends ) . it 's pretty upbeat on a friday night and thought that downtown chandler was a fun place to be ( much to my surprise ) . grab a few good friends ( or 10 ) and go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seemed like a great irish pub for the after work crowd . nice outside eating drinking area that was covered from the 105 degree heat . very friendly and knowledgeable bar staff . i was planning on only have a couple of cold ones and an appetizer before i decided where to go for dinner . i had the turkey avacodo bites which were delicious . fresh avacado with chilled turkey on lttle crostini bread . yum yum . their beer and liquor selection is the standard items . i noticed the crowd picked up for an hour or so , and they made me want to stay a bit longer . oddly enough , a band began warming up and it cleared out half the bar . the other half was watching a hockey game and could care less . so once everyone packed up ... so did i .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoyed this pub . az is really lacking in places that have a quality pub feel . this one has it . never tried the food . beer prices can be a bit high at $ 4 each but whatever . will go at happy hour next time and see what kind of specials they run .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight was my first time in here . one of my friends is a server here . aside from visiting to see her , the food was decent . potato nachos were a new thing for me . the only complaint i had was the amount of jalape\u00f1os , i 'm not a fan of those . i would suggest a bit more seasoning , but good overall . the bread pudding was also a unique experience . i have never eaten or cooked bread pudding with a liquid sauce , but i have no complaints . both items were decent in portion size . i 'll be back , especially since they cater to vegetarians more than most restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is ok mostly because we 're close to it but not something i get excited about . we have been here more than a handful of times and every time the servers seem nice but kind of a mellow tone type attitude about everything . kind of sluggish in a sense . we only go during breakfast because we do n't want to deal with the douches at night . we usually get the skillets or the burritos which are good . the party for saint patrick 's day is n't bad but i 've seen better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like murphy 's law . so far i have n't had anything that was bad . there were a few daily specials that were just kind of `` meh '' compared to other things i 've had but all in all , it 's worth stopping by here if you 're looking for food in downtown chandler . it 's usually quick and easy to grab lunch , so if you 're in need of good lunch that 's not going to exceed your lunch hour , this is a great choice . make sure you get the sweet potato fries for a side ... they 're good : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it does n't get better . the cheese dip is to die for . absolutely blissful . i have never had bad food here . the atmosphere is great and always wonderful to see the regulars . if i was n't so busy im pretty sure i would just live here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the service i had there . the atmosphere is fun and the bar puts a nice , individual feel by just looking at the walls . the place has some history and the staff have some depth and knowledge . everyone was very friendly alike ! definitely a must on stops in the old town chandler area , i reccomend a brew here anytime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually go to murphy 's law for late night drinks and a snack ... . never been disappointed on anything i 've ever eaten from apps to sandwiches and they have a unique beer selection . definitely one of my favorite places in chandler ! get the pretzels with cheese sauce ! awesome ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is happening ! live bands , large screen tv 's for the games . great veggie chicken mac n cheese , nachos and fish n chips . big variety of drinks and more than 1 cider beer to choose from . authentic irish pub and kitchen stays open late !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very comfortable , authentic irish pub . did not eat but what we saw looked and smelled good . had black and tans and they were done well . service was good considering it was crowded . great location with all the other places around it ... makes for a good adult pub crawl progressive dinner ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the vip area for st paddy 's day party was a bust for the price . limited drinks and very limited food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for a birthday bash - it was great ! ! servers were attentive but not too pushy . appetizers were tasty and plenty to choose from to have a drink . atmosphere was lively and fun . will go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food , service , and beer ! ! ! bartender was very attentive made sure our drinks were always full , food is beyond delicious they have the best pretzels ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , probably closer to 3.5 stars . second , it 's located in the old downtown chandler square . phoenix wishes they had something like this . so when the phx types who are too cool for school make their way to chandler , this is what a downtown reclamation process should look like . having said the above ... i do n't quite understand the beer pricing and sizing . seems a little out of what . as for the food , everything i 've had there has been very good to great . i 've had fish and chips several times there and have asked for cocktail sauce . since they do n't have it in a jar they make it by scratch . keep in mind this is n't a very technical task but they do an outstanding job each time . my major concern is the owners are moving to franchise `` the concept . '' not sure how that 's going to work out or how it will impact food quality , but i 'm guessing for the worse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of good beers on tap ; good food menu . try the bread pudding , it 's delicious ! i hate the atmosphere here , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "visiting the area for a wedding and stopped by for a pint . interesting decor with all the signed dollar bills on the walls . ordered a pint and was told that i needed to open a tab with my card . i was dressed ok enough for a little more trust , but guess i was n't the typical customer they get . i usually carry enough cash in my pocket for a pint . anyways , the place was probably a little too cool for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well lets see . the atmosphere was pretty cool . i 've been to ireland a couple times and this place has it somewhat right . i tried the pumpkin porter and it was horrible ... our bartender was very nice but it was obvious that she was still loaded from the night before . that is not a complaint . i love drinking around other drunks . after the crappy porter i had the double barrel . now that shit was really good . all in all ... this place was good . i would n't rush out of the house to get there but if i was just driving in the neighborhood i would probably stop by for a quick pint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for an az girls pint out happy hour . seems like your typical irish bar . i was with a large group and i have to say that our waitress was extremely attentive and prompt . 5 minutes after a drink was empty , she was there to see if we 'd like another . she even split all of our checks w out us asking . my friend and i split the jameson chicken skewers and spinach dip . both were good . they have a good selection of beers and ciders . the bathrooms are creepy . not so much that theyre not lit , just the decorations on the walls . and if you have at & t , you will have no cell service here . parking is kind of a pain , but thats par for the course w any place in this area . this is a great place to stop at on a bar crawl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a favorite place for fluffy snow and smoothies , slushies , or hot drinks . the thing i like about easy life is that they have everything in one place . there are a few new places for snow that opened recently but el is the best even though they have less flavors of snow . they are never stingy with the toppings like the new places plus they have drinks and snacks if snow is not the only thing you want , unlike all the new places . we always come here for snow and drinks or snacks . a small snow with toppings is enough for an adult+child . the staff are always nice and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fluffy snow ( http : www.yelp.com biz_photos 0cb7yb1qrswlqvmbhw3fmw # okpc9ywwcam0__yzod4_jq ) - price - $ 5.25 $ 7.25 $ 9.25 ( http : www.yelp.com biz_photos 0cb7yb1qrswlqvmbhw3fmw ? select=lowl5lv701celssstqxx5q # lowl5lv701celssstqxx5q ) . - consistency - it has the consistency of really soft ice cream . - fruits - we got strawberry and aloe vera . it was fresh and delicious . - taste - customizable toppings allows each person to get the exact taste they want . any way you look at it , this sugary dessert is delectable . compared to taiwanese shaved ice - taste - it tastes about the same . what 's lacking is the way shaved ice looks like tiny sheets of ice meshed together . - availability - since i do n't know of any other place in vegas that serves taiwanese shaved ice , and class 302 in cali quite a drive , this would be the place to get your shaved ice substitute . recommendations - i 'd recommend this place if you 're looking for a great dessert spot . it 's probably better to share since the sizes are quite large .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to hangout just to sit and drink boba with my girls here . its not crowded and service is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has good milk tea and boba but it 's not the real , high quality milk tea . it 's just a bunch of flavored powder loaded with sugar . it 's ran by a bunch of teenagers with less than good customer service . we 've witnessed a couple of times not the most hygienic practices when it comes to preparing these drinks , oh well i 'm sure i 've had dirtier things without me knowing . the owner seems to care less and just wants to rake in the dough ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their drinks are delicious , no matter what you order . their fluffy snow is also interesting . it 's not bad , it just can not be compared to sorbet or shaved ice because it 's texture is far from either . by the way , the small for fluffy snow can feed two or even three when it 's not to-go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lived out in central pa for 4 years , and seriously , there was no good boba to be found anywhere ... .so my tolerance for mediocre boba may have increased in that time frame . that being said , easy life boba is pretty good . it 's not the best boba i 've ever had , i mean , coming from ca originally , there are tons of better boba tea options out there . the tea here is pretty good - a little sweeter than i 'd like , but the boba is always chewy and bouncy : ) , and since it 's practically on my way home from work , it 's a convenient spot . the shop itself is pretty bare , but they have a large selection of teas slushies juices coffee . it 's a bit pricy ( $ 4 at least for a large boba ) , but i 'm willing to pay to get my boba fix ! i can already forsee this being a weekly stop for me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a hot taro bubble tea ; i asked for it to be made roughly half as sweet as normal , and they seemed to have complied -- the sweetness level was not overwhelming . the tea itself had a reasonable amount of boba ; it 's a little expensive for the size , tbh , but still enjoyable . they do have wi-fi too , which is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite is the tropical slushy , light on sugar . i ordered a coconut slush recommended by someone on foursquare . too rich and milky . yummy though . i put it in freezer and had a little at a time . always add boba .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a boba addict and just wanted to try out new places today . saw this place and they did n't have the okinawa milk tea i wanted but the male worker said he can try and make it for me . and hey , it 's really good for 'just trying ' . i appreciate the extra mile and everyone else was really nice . now have a place to go to everyday ! hopefully they 'll have okinawa in their menu from now on -cheyenne ( borrowed my bfs account lol )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the passion green tea . good boba , good service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting las vegas for the first time and my friend wanted to take me here . ordered the peach nana with boba . very yummy ! quick , clean and friendly ! wish we had these back home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to come here all the time when i worked in the complex at a dental office and when my hubby 's business was down the street . we came here so much they knew his order-honey milk tea with boba . my order always changed , taro slush , taro milk , strawberry milk tea , watermelon slush , thai tea ... .. because we came so often the girls were always super nice to us . still are , just a little more shy ? we do n't come multiple times a week anymore ... .. but when we are on this side we make a trip here . their shaved ice is really good , melts in your mouth , kinda pricey , we just stick with the boba drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great neighborhood place to stop and get your boba life on ! for the adventurers there 's the avocado boba ! but for me it 's the watermelon fresh fruit , yum yum ! there is a small patio outside but it gets hot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the taro milk tea blended with boba , lava flow , mango nana and even the squid , lobster balls on different occasions and can say this is definitely one of the best boba drinks i 've ever had . best part is the friendly staff and prompt service . seems like as soon as you sit and wait for your order , they 're calling you up ! that 's always great and keeps me and the family coming in at least every other week ! fluffy snow is next on the list and ca n't wait because we wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live in the los angeles area and my clutch went out luckily i met javier and jorge and they were able to get me home fast and safe . if it was n't for them i still be stuck in vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of people say lawyers are like sharks , but i would n't say that about aaron kelly . he 's more like a bear - warm and fuzzy , but fierce when necessary . i consult with a variety of clients on internet marketing topics , and i do n't hesitate to call on aaron kelly for questions about relevant laws and emerging areas of concern to my clients . he knows his stuff , and he 's an all-around pleasant guy to deal with . i ca n't comment on his partner , but the guy ca n't be all bad if he works with aaron . as an example , i have one client in the online dating industry . because they work with numerous third-party marketing partners ( affiliates ) , i called on aaron to do a brief call with the client and myself to go over things they can do to minimize their liability . not only did he answer all their questions , but he also gave me a great recommendation for a donut place next time i 'm in austin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like the 5 star rating says , `` as good as it gets . '' as an internet startup , we are fortunate to have access to legal services from kelly warner that meet our standards for the cutting edge . we had a number of legal items that needed attention and its attorneys were able to address them quickly and professionally . aaron kelly called us and talked to us on skype personally to make sure we were taken care of . plus , he 's a pleasant guy with a great sense of humor which is not common in this field . if you have legal concerns . . . . call or email aaron .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in the internet marketing space like me , then kelly warner is the place to go . it 's amazing how much they know about the industry and how available they are . i have my contact there on skype and he hits me back quickly every single time i message him . and this is not a paralegal either -- it is the actual attorney . he is also available by personal cell for questions or concerns i have . honestly , this is the only law firm i have actually enjoyed dealing with . good people . killer lawyers . and awesome service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used aaron for a number of contracts for my startup internet businesses . he has always provided awesome service and got back to me promptly about any questions or concerns i had . he actually understands the online industry and definitely does not give off a creepy money grubbing lawyer vibe like a lot of lawyers i have worked with in the past . would recommend his firm to all of my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the most easy , seamless interaction i 've ever had with an attorney . aaron is a down to earth guy that takes the time to understand the situation and your goals . i never once felt that i was just another paycheck to these guys ... unlike other lawyers i 've dealt with in the past . best of all ... my case was handled fast . i think it was opened and closed within 14 days . ca n't beat that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kelly warner law firm always delivers great results . they are surprisingly almost always available via skype phone email . that is why i remain a client of theirs . most of all , they speak tech internet marketing and they got to work immediately on my case . these guys are the real deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron has helped me out of a few jams when things looked negative and we thought that there was no light at the end of the tunnel . fortunately we were referred to aaron kelly who is the solution to any technical problems or issues that i had online . thank you for helping out when things looked grim .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron kelly knows tech and he knows marketing . the guy is a fountain of information . a great combination for any start-up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys know their stuff . if you 're in the tech world , then these guys speak your language .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i was starting my online business , the kelly warner law team was my go-to . aaron was available 24 7 to assist me one-on-one with any and all questions that i had pertaining to my website . his knowledge of the online legal world made me feel confident that my idea would be protected and that my liabilities were kept to a minimum . i would highly recommend these guys to anyone in the startup stages of their business . 5 stars for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired raees to assist me with removing a malicious review of my business written by a spiteful ex-friend . at first i was embarrassed by the situation , but he made me feel at ease . he was professional & he obtained the result i was looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with these guys for over a year now and they have saved me more times than i can remember ! affiliate marketing is a very specific business and these guys know all about it and how to look at my site and tell me exactly what i can and can not say . these guys are worth every penny ! in the internet work if you get into trouble you will pay one way or another ! i would rather pay them to have my back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i write this review with the utmost respect and gratitude possible . after working with dan warner i would say that i could n't have asked for a more compassionate , understanding , respectful and competent attorney . my experience was top notch and i would gladly recommend his services to anyone who might need it . thank you dan for your excellent and diligent work , it is deeply and wholeheartedly appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an owner and operator of multiple retail stores . i hired daniel warner of kelly warner , www.kellywarnerlaw.com , to pursue litigation against a competitor that was defaming my business and products , as well as wrongfully engaging in false advertising and flagging my ads on craigslist.org . daniel warner did the exact opposite of what most lawyers would do under the circumstances , which would be to gladly accept my money to pursue a long and expensive lawsuit . instead , dan warner talked me out of filing a lawsuit and got the case settled very inexpensively . also , unlike the very limited `` gag order '' i would have obtained in court , my competitor faces serious consequences for a wide array of any wrongful conduct in the future and should never bother me again . i 've worked with big and prestigious law firms more than once , and i 'm pleased to have found daniel warner . he 's great guy and an excellent lawyer who truly wants to help his clients , not just bill them for as much as he can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nobody knows internet law like aaron kelly does . i 've used him for complex solutions as well as quick transactional issues . he is diligent , responsive and detailed in all of his work . his integrity is felt and his knowledge is profound .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you have a legal problem that wo n't go away ? its not an easy task picking the right attorney . however , kelly warner is the only firm you 'll ever want to work with - ever again . aaron is responsive and attentive with exceptional knowledge of the law . my small case was taken care of quickly and resolved without any further issue . i could n't ask for more . every penny i paid to kelly warner was worth it . thank you aaron and co ! i will definitely be using your firm again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quelle belle d\u00e9couverte , j'ai ador\u00e9 ! j'ai pris un sandwich blt , une soupe cr\u00e8me de champignon maison et un carr\u00e9 aux dattes . tout \u00e9tait magnifique . j'y retournerai sans aucun doute", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bonne bouffe , bonne ambiance ! endroit tr\u00e8s simple o\u00f9 on peut d\u00e9guster de bonnes salades et sandwich , et o\u00f9 aller jaser entre amis , lire ou \u00e9tudier . j'adore aller \u00e0 ce caf\u00e9 pour sa simplicit\u00e9 et sa qualit\u00e9 . je ne me tanne pas ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "belle petite place pour se reposer avec une bonne bi\u00e8re et un sandwich . un petit coin de lecture tr\u00e8s confortable . le personnel est tr\u00e8s gentil et serviable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the best time picking out bridesmaids dresses with my girls at lovestruck ! my girls all wore different dresses from different designers and the owner was so helpful in getting the color combinations to match as close as they possible . the combination of all of the dresses turned out absolutely beautiful ! also , having a boutique that specializes in bridesmaids dresses only is extremely helpful , they have every style from multiple designers to choose from . thanks so much for your help on my big day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with a couple of friends during our trip to montreal . i wanted to treat them to a nice patisserie but could n't find one so we stumbled into this place . we lucked out as this place had one of the best desserts ever . we got the cream puffs , hot chocolate and the strawberry and green tea bingsoos ( korean shaved ice dessert ) . highly recommended to visit . food : 5 5 , best bingsoo i 've ever had in canada . snowflake and light ice that did n't melt at all with multiple layers of strawberry sauce and fruit at the top with sweet condensed milk and rice cake . service : 4 5 , nice staff and everything was available . ambience : 4 5 , cool christmas k-pop music with nice seating and very well-lit . the place also looked really clean . price : 4 5 . $ 10 per person which is not bad ; the food is really good and totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited for the green tea bingsoo , the small size and i bought it to share ! it was that big ! ! the bingsoo is shaved ice ( very very very fine ice shaving , like very fine coconut shavings ) plus generous green tea paste . it 's not liquid syrup , it 's like ice-cream texture ! and lots of it ! by the bottom of the bingsoo , we actually had more green tea left than the ice . so we have to mix it further . very good service ! ! ! the petite size bingsoo was about $ 8 but it 's shareable . there are about 5 tables in this small cafe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved their bingsoo ! it was soo good ! the shaved ice melts in your mouth ! i definitely recommend everyone to go especially in this very hot day in montreal ! i tried the green tea one which i was very scared of my decision but it was really good . next time i 'll be trying the strawberry or mango one . bingsoo is a korean shaved ice dessert that can have many sweet toppings such as fruits like mango , strawberry , condensed milk , chocolate syrup or simply sweet syrup . they 're might be nuts for those who have allergies . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is so good from here ! ! i tried the tiramisu , they made that better than the italian , it 's not a joke ! ! it 's just so good ! ! and i tried also the coffee bun and the moka bread , delicious ! ! ! i 'll be back here for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here twice now , tried the chocolate , pineapple and mango bingsoo . these are exactly what you need in this very hot montreal summer ! the shaved ice is very fine with milk favour . in addition , the fruits add another dimension to the dessert . overall , not too sweet but super refreshing ! this has become my favourite dessert place in montreal . the reason i gave 4 star is they can never get your name right , my name always ends up being very `` creative '' , which is kinda annoying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for their bingsoo ( korean milk shaved ice ) . perfect on this hot and humid summer day . 3 sizes available . ..we were greedy and took 2 medium bowls . do n't be fooled because they fill - up the bowl so it 's like double the portion . if you are by yourself , take the small bowl . medium bowl us best for sharing . big bowl ... at your own risk : p bingsoo flavor : red bean ( decent ) green tea chocolate mango ( amazing ) strawberry ( lacks flavors mainly because they use strawberries from the us ) pineapple also tried the sweet potato smoothie and the flavor was interesting . ..really tasted like sweet potato but not sure i will order it again . tried the strawberry cake and it was good but not amazing especially for the price ( over $ 5 for a tiny piece ) . they also serve pastries , sandwiches and coffee . definitely more pricey that chinese bakeries . cash and debit only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ive been to this place several times and just keep going for the bingsoo . it comes in various flavours and so far the strawberry and mango ones were delicious . unlike your usual shaved ice , this one is creamy and actually has a flavour of its own . nothing to complain about the service , as they were pretty friendly . i would definitely visit this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best bingsoo i 've had in montreal hands down . very quaint little bakery but have never tried the baked goods haha . they have lots of flavors too , but red bean and mango are definitely worth trying . most bingsoos are made on ice or sugared ice but they actually make the ice from some type of milk cream base ! everyone comes here for the bingsoo but make sure to try the honey toast as well ! i feel like less people know about it but its just as good fosho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brand new ( only opened 1 week ago ) korean bakery pastry store cafe . many korean specialties ( chestnut bread ) as well as western delights : fudge brownies ( yummy & just right consistency ) , lunch breads , from pizza baguette to calmari-stuffed blackish bread stick ! there are several tables at the side and back of the store , the baked goods are well displayed , hygenically sealed , or glass encased , easily accessible , ( the cakes and pastries are behind the refrigerated glass counter ) , and competitively priced . the location is directly across from the concordia university 's hall building , so come this school year , this shop should be doing a very brisk business indeed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as expected bingsoos are the best on a hot summer day . i 've been back and have tried both the strawberry and the red beans flavours . strawberry was slightly too sweet and red beans was somehow too dry . matcha is still my favourite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! the bingsoo is a must order ! i do n't normally like eating bingsoo that much , but it looked so good that i knew i had to order it . the bakery has very reasonable prices and everything looked delicious . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely should try their bingsoo ! ! the portions are big and they are authentic and delicious ! you can mix and match , but only red bean and matcha . the bakeries there are awesome too ! i love the puff and the bread . according to my friend , the strawberry cake there is good too . they have a discount for bread after 7pm or something .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there a few times . pretty flavorful bingsoos . although my favorite is the red bean flavor , it was disappointing . it was basically red bean on top of the shaved ice . it was hard to mix both of them . beside that , the other flavors have a layer of sauce which keeps the shaved ice flavorful . it is worth going there to try their sweets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went earlier today after hearing good reviews about the bakery on yelp . we got the strawberry bingsoo andbit was delicious ! the shaved ice was creamy like it was made of milk and the strawberry was just so fresh ! combined it with the mochie and almond pieces made the desert a very refreshing and yummy dish . we also grabbed a couple of pastries to go and they were great as well . they had very interesting taste , sweet creamy and yet still savoury at the same time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after living in korea for a year , this place was disappointing . they do n't even serve korean drinks . i 've been craving a sweet potato latte for the longest time . i was also hoping this cafe would be more like an upscale paris baguette . not so much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there was a week in october when i went for bingsoo three times . it was a good week . i think i 've tried all the bingsoos , but my favorite is the mango one ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place so much , especially for their bingsoo ! as i ca n't find any other places in montr\u00e9al that makes like them . sadly , they recently closed their restaurant permanently . : ' (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "petit resto boutique de p\u00e2tisserie boulangerie cor\u00e9enne sympatique ! les pains fourr\u00e9s aux fromages et autres viandes m'ont fait penser \u00e0 ceux de coco bun . je ne m'y connais pas dans ce monde sucr\u00e9 sal\u00e9 asiatique et je n'ai pas \u00e9t\u00e9 `` flabergast\u00e9 '' par les produits mais mon amie venant de s\u00e9oule m'a fait d\u00e9couvrir le bing soo . c'est un genre de bol de glace r\u00e2p\u00e9 ( plus fin qu'un granit\u00e9 , on dirait des flocons de neige ) sur lequel on peut y d\u00e9poser : f\u00e8ves rouges , fraises , mangues , chocolat ou appareil \u00e0 base de th\u00e9 ! le tout est couronn\u00e9 d'un peu de lait condens\u00e9 et de petites boules de g\u00e2teau au riz ayant une texture faisant penser \u00e0 un gummy bear ! oui ok \u00e7a semble \u00e9trange comme m\u00e9lange mais la magie op\u00e8re en bouche ! surprenant , rafra\u00eechissant et l\u00e9ger ! \u00e0 essayer si vous passez dans le coin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "taste of korea . i 've never had such good bingsoo in canada before . if you 're a bingsoo lover , you 'll be able to finish a small bingsoo by yourself ! green tea & just regular red bean bingsoo are so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered mango and matcha bingso . they used milk instead of ice . best bingso i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff , great place , great shaved ice a bit pricy but well worth the price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome korean pastry place~ i 've been there many times and their patbingsu is a killing . this time , i tried the strawberry one . it became my favorite flavour loool . so fancy , the shaved ice literally melt in your mouth . food art is beautiful . fruit game is strong . totally good place for a date or dessert after a meal . i also tried their strawberry cake and green tea cake . both are amazing . the flavour is strong . food art is nice . i also tried the red beans one . i was disappointed . red beans are on the top and it 's full of peanuts . it 's not what i was expected . green tea and strawberry . must try . kpop music on big screen . ambiance is relaxing . overall good experience . best patbingsu in montreal so far .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly employees and very welcoming . perfect place for a date . the food was great too . totally worth your money and it 's right in front of concordia for students who need to unplug .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their shaved ice cream is great ! it 's also a big portion , so i believe the small is enough for one person , or even to share with a friend . the only downside is to make sure they understood your order , else you get something different ! - in my case , i asked for the mango flavor shaved ice cream . but instead i got the green tea flavor one . else , it 's a cute place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little bakery . clean and friendly . k-pop videos playing on a screen . ordered a small chocolate bingsoo , but the servings are huge . definitely could 've split this with one of my friends , which a lot of people were actually doing while we were there . the bingsoo was served with brownie pieces and marshmallows . it was so delicious and refreshing ! my friends ordered mango and strawberry bingsoos , which they both loved . ended up buying a coffee bun ( honey flavor ) to take home . it was very sweet and moist . definitely will come back , when in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional professionalism , timeliness , and service . i could not have asked for a better experience . thanks for making this such an easy and pleasant experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with enterprise at 4226 south blvd this weekend . i needed to get a rental to go to our family reunion and enterprise played a great role in making that trip happen . thank you chelsea ! ! ! ( i hope i spelled your name correctly ... ) but she was a great agent . she made a confirmation call shortly after i booked online ... . which made me pretty comfortable and confident that they would have a vehicle form me . and , once i was there -- she made the whole rental process a pleasurable experience . thanks again ! ! ! # greatcustomerservice thanks for being there ! daniel s .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location transitioned from triangle to enterprise . since i had used both in the past , i assumed there would be no issue . the 1st agent i spoke with could n't find my loyalty info , but fortunately they have n't fired everyone from triangle . jennie was able to pull my triangle info and meet the online rates from a competitor . when we arrived to pick up the car , they did n't have anything but a 3 series bmw . they upgraded us immediately and we were able to leave our sedan in their secured lot . the experience was great from beginning to end . we always shop for rental car deals , but wind up using this location because they offer positive experiences .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employees at this location were very unprofessional and unorganized . i made a reservation weeks before and the day i picked up they gave me a smaller car and it had n't been washed or cleaned . the dashed was covered in something sticky , the floor was never vaccumed and full of dirt and the there was candy on the floor in the backseats . all the enterprise representative said is that she would write a note saying the car had n't been cleaned and did n't offer us a clean car because they did n't have anything left . we took the car because we were driving to florida and had a tight schedule and when we tried to switch for a bigger car later that week every enterprise we called in florida told us to call a different enterprise for help . we called 3 different locations in florida that could n't hope us and the enterprise in fort laudederdale never even answered their phone . i do n't plan on ever renting with enterprise again after this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were taking a trip with 6 adults and wanted a large gm and ask several times if it would be a gm . got sort of an assurance . picked up a ford expedition . the front windshield was so dirty you could barely see thru it on the passenger side . dog paws and nose prints . then it had no windshield wiper fluid . when we returned it the manager was very apologetic an offered $ 200 off the rental price . we felt he understood the problem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we continue to rent from this location because we consistently get great customer service . we were in need of a minivan that the seats either folded all the way down or was able to be removed . jenny was awesome in showing us the minivans and showing us how to remove the seats to suit our needs . the renting process is always very easy and we get in and out of there pretty quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2minutes from my house , that is why we made reservations at this location . horrible costumer service thanks god last time a puerto rica girl assist us and she made us feel very comfortable we going to pick up tomorrow hoping she will be there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "booking a car there is very easy and the staff there are very sweet . the lady who took my information gave me the best deal and when i got there they guy who put me in a car allowed me to upgrade for not much more than what i was supposed to pay . they got me in a nice car quickly and were very informative about how to operated it . and i was running a little late retuning it but they did n't make a big fuss about it thankfully . i would have given them five stars but the car they gave me was n't top notch clean like a rental car is supposed to be but this location definitely deserves four solid stars for attitude , speed , convince and service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i brought our 2 pups to pet-a-palooza this past saturday , and when we got there at 12- it took us quite a while to find parking ( there was little signage ) . i was surprised to walk by most of the booths , only to see that they mostly catered to people ; i expected food , but there was a dentist , wireless companies , credit card companies , rock climbing wall ( maybe you can ask a stranger to hold the leash while you climb it ) .. very few businesses that cater to dogs which was disappointing . where was chef michael 's food truck ( for dogs ) ? ! i do n't mind all the food vendors , but that seems pretty straightforward . it was an awkward event for my boyfriend and i both . we did n't stay long . : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you got a dog and want to bring them out to a dog-friendly event - you might want to consider this one . i know this place got a lot of low-ratings due to the lack of dog-friendly booths , but let 's be honest.. your dog is not going to care about them . the point of this event is to spend time with your pooch and have them make friends with other dogs = ) me and my boyfriend walked our dog to each booth . we got him spray painted with a star near his tail and even won him a toy reindeer for $ 1 . he made a couple friends in the process . he had an amazing time and that 's all that matters to me . watch where you and your dog walk though . there are a lot of fresh `` surprises '' scattered about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our second year attending . i feel like they need to move the date of this event , it 's been too hot 2 years in a row . there is only so much shade to go around , it becomes a popular hang out for pooches and their people . the kiddie pools under the tent was packed ! love the music aspect and the animal community getting together but i 'd love if they had more food vendor variety . we ended up leaving to get something good to eat . the construction outside the venue was a pain in the butt , especially since there was only 1 entrance , the police had the other entrances blocked ... why ? ? ? people ended up by passing the park and parking across the street in a business park ( i 'm sure they loved that ! ) because of the entrance nonsense . las vegas always has the worst organization for events . we had fun none the less , we would 've stayed longer if it was cooler out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good event . free too ! beware of random `` landmines '' ( fresh poop ) stopped by here to kill some time with a friend before we attended a birthday . located on the north side of the park , it was a fairly big area with tons of `` shops '' most if not all involved with animals in some way . great event to attend if you are looking to find out information for shelters , care information , etc . there was also a free ? neuter spaying clinic on-site too ... what a fast way to make your pet 's day go from great to worst day of their life d : lol lots of dogs with occassional other things ( snakes ... ... ) . great for non-pet owners like me to see a huge variety ! some were so fluffy ! i want lol oh there was some lion cubs too ... though they dont look like cubs ( huge ) .. think they werent even 1 2 a year old yet but they looked so adorable with their trainers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time coming here and i must say it is a pretty rad hang out . although i must admit , they had more people advertisements and booths rather than pets . but teemo seemed happy and was tired at the end of the day", "score": "3"}
{"review": "could n't find shit in here and no one really bothers to ask if you need help no matter how lost you look . i certainly am not going to go out of my way to ask for help if the associates are going to chat away . clearly that implies business is n't very important . last time i go there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to this shop for over a decade , but tonight was my last time . truly disappointed . the staff was too busy chatting to help me find what i needed . their laziness saved me the ton of cash i had intended to spend . did i mention how rude they were when i asked about additional stock ? yeah , ridiculously bad choice psychic eye employees ... i wonder if your bosses realize just how much it really costs them for you to warm the seats behind the counter . i would highly suggest driving across town to the mccarren plaza or eastern ave locations instead as they have always been delightful and more than helpful with my needs and money ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not get a reading from rose . she is an angry person , definitely not happy and takes it out on customers . she doesnt care and yells . she will answer you with yes or no . she is not an investigative psychic . it 's like she hates people . it was n't worth it . maybe she 's not really psychic because she did n't kniw what kind of reading i wantes . she 's just baaaad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have less valuable items for sale than in the past , but kate harms is a great tarot reader astrologist and most definitely the real deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love it here . are they meant for crystals hoping ? not so much . but they have everything from books to statues , to candles . everything you need is right here . their jewelry collection is great as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to commercial , no passion from the people who work here and do n't bother asking questions this place is just for them to make money no connections . if you just want something pretty but you do n't want any meaning behind it this is the perfect place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "me and my boyfriend decided to go in and take a look around the store just out of curiosity . we were barely greeted when we walked in . we walked about for 30 minutes or so and they never once even acknowledged we were there . i wanted to ask about psychic readings but the 2 workers were so into their own conversations that they did n't even notice me standing in front of their counter . so we left without buying anything and with no information . will not go back to this location . :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mary at the silverado location is terrible . she 's negative & mean spirited . fortunately , none of her negative predictions came to pass .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will not go back to this location . i experienced something and thought they could help . not one person asked to help me after i walked around over and over looking for things . i finally asked for something and they said they did n't have it . then referred me to a bookstore to do research on stones instead of asking me what i might be looking for . will not return . hopefully the other location is not as bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this store . from buying patchouli to sprinkle outside my store to candles to burn for prosperity . everyone is really helpful..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went into the store today the dark haired employee was rude loud and her and the other employee were discuss loudly their business completely disengaged from the customer . i asked oh what happened to the other employee that i worked there for a very long time , she yelled she 's fired ! ! ! ! they were both laughing about the employee being fired cause she did things she was supposed to do . very unprofessional when i see the owner i will be sure to let her know . they are running her business to the ground . beautiful place otherwise . when i walked back in to get my drink i had forgotten they were discussing me asking about the former employee being very rude . unbelievable ! if you do not care about someone else 's business you should n't work there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "psychic eye is a beautiful store on the inside with many different items for different types of spiritual beings . albeit a great selection , prices are pretty steep and employees can be a hit or miss as far as customer service goes . there was a time that i went in and was completely ignored for several minutes while a cashier just stood around chatting with another person who worked there . happy to have stores like this around town because they 're just so few and far between , just wish prices were better ( especially rolled stones ! ) and employees were more attentive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a friend and i came to have a reading with kate harms.. , i had one with her years ago and she was great then , .. and she was just as great now ! she is very knowledgeable in tarot and she has a really calming presence about her . she read both of us and was on point both times and really helped both of us feel better with her advice . i highly recommend her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg if yelp had minus stars this store would get a million minus stars . what can i say horrible in a million ways . we will never go back ever . customer service is the worst , knowledge here in my opinion is not even an option . the employees and manager seriously need coaching from the owners of the store in my opinion . horrible as it get 's in my opinion . just to much bad bad experience here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here maybe every 4-6 months . star and zarin are amazing . zarin predicted my boyfriend down to a symptom he had with his eye . when he told me i immediately told my friends so we could be on the look out . when we found him we all had chills because he was so dead on ! now zarin has predicted a twin pregnancy . if this dude is right i will just walk in and give him $ 50 and just walk right back out holding my head down in shame for arguing with him in the first place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really bad customer service . the store is nice & had a decent selection , but man the staff is rude . you 're lucky if they even say hi & do n't interrupt them unless you absolutely have to . they apparently could care less to help customers find what they need . metaphysical shops should not be this way ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great store ! ! ! lots of things to browse and look at ! wide selection of merchandise ! staff is very helpful and friendly ! ! great prices ! ! awesome vibe and environment ! ! ! always a great experience ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always pleasant to visit here . they have events often enough , though i have yet to try seeking a psychic for a reading . the store is well stocked with books and whatever wiccan items one might need . the people are very helpful as well , always ready to answer any questions one may have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great staff and amazing array of items . could spend hours in there snd still not see it all . looking forward to going there weekly ( at least ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love stepping into this place each time i visit . when i walk through this establishment i see something new . not to thrilled with the guy who works there walking around puffing on electronic vox but i can look past that situation as long as he stays away from me . the candle collections and trinkets are such wonderful items to look at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic shop ! always a clean and fun environment ! the staff is friendly and so helpful ! stop in and see danny or calvin ! they know the store front to back ! best psychic eye i 've been to ! the readers are so amazing ! molly is just the best ! stop in here next time your in the area ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this location has been incredibly rude and condescending every time i have shopped there with one of my friends . she is an independent practitioner and very knowledgeable , but the staff treats her as though she is an idiot . they are also somewhat overpriced , especially compared to some of the smaller stores in the valley . i will not be visiting again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm disappointed with my reading , in the past the cards always revealed something about my past and predicted something in the near future ... i got nothing ! ! ! it was more like a coaching session telling me common sense stuff that i already knew . maybe the card reader was n't really into it because i had to pry things out of her and ask her to explain the cards multiple times .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new customer to this location . i have been to the sherman oaks location several times . i reader i went to before has moved to this location so i called to set an over the phone appointment . i gave my credit card info and she told me it `` voided '' because the information was incorrect , i said ok and gave her my information again . soon after i received an alert from my credit card company stating that i had two transactions from the company approved . i called back and explained that they charged me twice , not only did the lady named krista become irate , she hung up the phone in my face ! the only thing she kept saying is that her machine machine said `` void '' and to contact my bank . i told her if the information was incorrect it would not have been approved . i will never call this location again ! i called the owner in la and i will be speaking to the store manager ! unprofessional rude employees ... .stay away ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in to check this place out ... was looking for a large selection of tumbled crystals but could n't find this section ... .it is a very big store ... .had a lot of statues incense and chakra candles and a mixture of everything ... .nice place but i guess what i was looking for was n't in abundance ... .nice place to buy gifts as well ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . if you 're ever looking to get a tarot card reading i highly recommend zarin . he was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a nice little shop to visit . they sell candles , incense , books , art ( paintings , sculptures , and more ) , stones , crystals , and many other things for mystics of all kinds . they were out of tarot cards the day i visited , which was surprising . they have on-site psychic readings , which i would like to experience one day , although they do the readings behind curtains , which allows everyone to hear you . the atmosphere of the shop is friendly and comfortable with just the right ambience for a shop of its kind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came to luci 's for breakfast and like all the other reviews this is a nice location . open , lots of parking , and a great outdoor space . service was excellent and extremely friendly . my only issue was the food or at least what i ordered left a lot to be desired . i ordered the orchard omelet . when it arrived it looked and smelled delicious . my only issue is that once i cut into the omelet all the moisture water from the veggies was still inside so it was soupy . it would have been helpful if prior to cooking the kitchen drained dried the veggies properly . there was so much residual water it sucked out all the flavor of the omelet . i literally had to drain it off my plate . i would come back but i wo n't be ordering that omelet again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was way too ridiculously crowded . you should avoid on weekends . it is really a great space- 5 stars for the concept but there is no place to park and it took 20 minutes on line to order food . i guess this is a weekday , go early , type of place . maybe over the summer when places are dead but then it would be way too hot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were anxious to check out the orchard since it recently opened and it certainly did not disappoint ! i love the original luci 's location , so assumed this one would be just as good ... and it sure is ! the staff was very friendly , they have a nice drink and food menu and great seating options both inside and out . we ordered the club , turkey sandwich and the oasis juice . everything was absolutely delicious ! the fresh juice was quite pricey , but so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a great cafe ! i would never have found this place unless i was invited by my friends . food was delicious and price was sorta pricy but nothing exorbitant . i would definitely go back again and again and also tell more people about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate here a few weeks ago and it was an awesome surprise ! the food ... i inhaled it . vaporized it . it 's great for family and they have fountains the kiddos can splash and play in . highly recommend and be ready to be surprised . it really is nicely done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in phoenix for the weekend and came here with my family for breakfast . love love love the ambience here ! there 's a huge grassy area with picnic table seating and lots of misters outside . we had breakfast on the patio while my two year old son played on the splash pad . in fact the splash pad was quite the favorite spot for the kids . only thing i did n't like was that it became over run with people who were n't even customers ... . not sure how to address this but it was annoying none the less . food was very good , ice tea was extra yummy too ! i would love to open something exactly like this in my hometown ... . except the patio would be for paying customers only ! this place is seriously awesome , and i found it all thanks to yelp !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new location on 12 street north of glendale on the west side of the road . the place is brand new and the atmosphere is just awesome . i come here on thursday mornings after a run with a few friends and the food is pretty darn good . so far the biscuits & gravy with subside egg is just ridiculously delicious . i also love the chiliquias ( probably spelling it wrong ) , the oatmeal is great and so are the burritos . i do wish the coffee was self serve but it 's good also . they have lots of room inside and just a beautiful courtyard outside where we usually sit . they sell lots of little stuff too like cracker barrel but not nearly as much , lots of pastries too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy yum yum . enjoyed a lovely lunch on the patio and some good convo with a friend . service was spot on and loved being able to shop all the non edible goodies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "luci 's at the orchard was outstanding ! the staff was amazing , coffee to die for , and atmosphere very welcoming . although it is hotter than heck out right now the outside seating area is perfect to enjoy cocktails with girlfriends or some coffee . i can not wait to go back and try their food ! 2 thumbs up : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous food , amazing atmosphere and phenomenal service ! i highly recommend the reuben sandwich and grass organic beef hamburger", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great 2nd location with a similar vibe but in the middle of the great new orchard area . pomelo is across the way , splurge ice cream is here . great spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful place ! you can come and hang out on the grass or a bench and just enjoy the comforts of a cool and fun place . lots of great foo dads to buy . there was no problem parking . the servers are so sweet ! i 'm gon na go back in and get some gifts when i am done with my salad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited to try the luci 's at the orchard . the property looked so inviting . they have seating outside as well as inside . it was a week day around 930 am the place was very busy i ordered a simple white hot chocolate but what i got was a coffee latte with white chocolate . i took it back and they remade my whc without hesitation . unfortunately it was the worst whc i have ever had . it tasted like warm milk with a splash of white chocolate . i also asked if they had any gluten free pastries and they replied no . unfortunately i will not be rushing back here anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow . sorry for not knowing what your menu items are exactly . not like you have a sign for the drive thru . thanks for the yummy coffee michelle . you were not friendly or inviting at all . i went off the name on the receipt because you did n't give me one . had a feeling you were the manager because you are of a more mature stature but you definitely did n't present yourself as someone who likes what your doing . hope your day gets better . like that luci 's is down the street from me but will be going to dutch bros from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a great ambiance . it 's set up where you order your food at a register and it 's self seating . the flowers , trees and lighting make it intimate and perfect for casual meals . monday 's and tuesday 's they offer pizza and a bottle of wine for $ 20 . i will definitely have to come back . i ordered the spaniard omelette and my partner got the biscuits and gravy . got our food within 10 mins of ordering . the omelet was flavorful and not spicy considering it has chicken chorizo . his biscuits and gravy were hot and the gravy was so so.. definitely a go to place for brunch soon with my ladies and pizza and wine : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who really loves luci 's , i want to give luci 's at the orchard 4-5 stars . however , the issue is that every time i have been there , usually mid-afternoon , there is always a group of parents with small children in the `` grassy '' area changing dirty diapers next to tables that people are eating at . as a healthcare professional , this is a serious health code violation for the exact same reason that dogs are not allowed at this restaurant . this is an outdoor area set up with tables for people to eat at . the `` grassy '' area is not real grass but faux turf green carpet making it an absolute breeding ground for bacteria . there are lovely bathrooms with changing tables not 50 feet away from the grassy area . hopefully , luci 's management takes this seriously and gets this issue fixed before 1 ) they get shut down by the health department , or 2 ) someone gets sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was watching the morning news on 3 as they highlighted this new place . decided to make the long trek from north valley to try it out . i must say it was worth the trip . you order from a counter with attentive service from the help . line was long but moved quickly and along the line you are able to shop for trinkets you probably wo n't even need . i order the chilaquiles which were awesome . tender shredded chicken in a tomatillo square over soft corn tortillas and chunky guacamole with your choice of eggs on top . i highly recommend it ! my husband had the french toast which was average . great atmosphere and nice complex for walking around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dog friendly ? ... front porch that 's over-run with flies , not actually friendly at all for owners and pets . cold food it 's great that it is a busy place but being short-staffed unfortunately is shown in the quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we live in the neighborhood . love the ambience . great local breakfast place within walking distance . i only give it 3 stars because the coffee is weak and not of coffee house quality . we asked if they served dark roast and the girls said we have a dark roast and a light roast . i asked for two large dark roasts . the dark roast was a medium roast at best . starbucks dark roast is worth the mile drive and then go the lucy 's for breakfast . i hope this changes . i 'd love to walk down the street for a great cup of coffee . but until then i 'll drive to starbucks or lux .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hey hey hey az this gem is a must try , tucked away in a quant little neighborhood , one owner three great places on the same property . brunch was fantastic everything is made fresh and it is gluten friendly . dress is casual , prices affordable , heads up , it 's busy and they do n't take reservations . definitely worth the try ! as always , if you go let me know and enjoy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so fun , great atmosphere ! love the coffee at luci 's ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great for breakfast and lunch . great food and drinks . cute garden courtyard with misters and a splash pad for the kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a sunday morning-lots of kids everywhere . very cute set up with lawn chairs , grassy lawns , and flowers . great vegetarian options . we did n't like the long line to order . and unless you have kids or are okay being surrounded by them when you eat maybe pick a different spot . great place for families though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "desperate for a strong coffee in phoenix ( peets , are you listening ? ) until i found the red eye at luci 's : strong cup of coffee with a shot of espresso added . bless you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service and food are inconsistent which is a shame because i 've always loved the luci 's on 16th and bethany home . nearly every time i 've been here , i 've received food that 's under or over cooked , and when i 've taken the time to inform the staff , no effort was made to remedy the issues ... very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was excited to come here as this seemed like such a great concept . i got my 2 year old all jazzed up for the splash pad . truth be told , getting some drinks and treats for the adults , and using the splash pad was really our primary reason for coming to check this place out . we arrived at 3:15p on saturday ... ..to a closed splash pad . try explaining that to a 2 year old . disappointed : ( do n't know if we will return again . i had such high hopes and feel bummed", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am very disappointed in the new place . the setting is perfect and sets up this feeling for an amazing experience , then you get your food . i have eaten at the original location many times and have always had great food . i think this is a classic situation where the company has grown and something had to be sacrificed ( quality ) . our party had three people in it and we ordered different items . veggie burger , rueben , and the courtyard club . all warm food was cold and the club was poorly built with stale bread ( bacon was amazing ) . the sides were fruit , frys ( cold and greasy ) , and potato salad ( very good ) . for the history i have with this place i just would expect better . manager was not helpful , had no answer other than he would check on the kitchen staff . hopefully he does so your meal will be acceptable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sad to say , i ordered two simple beers and waited outside for 20 minutes . this is the second time i 've been here and i s a joke that takes this long . i said something to the server and just said that 's normal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "almost can not even focus on the menu when i walked into the store . everything is so quaint and adorable and there 's so much to look at ! what made it even harder was my toddler son who had the same problem as i did ; he wanted to touch everything ! anyhow- we needed food and chose the kids meal chicken and the reg menu crispy chicken sandwhich . both were delicious and i really wanted to snag a picture of my plate ... ... but i was too hungry and forgot . paid about $ 18 for our meals and it took everything in me to pass up the giant cookies that were sitting in the display case . but i will not pass it up next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place for breakfast or lunch in phoenix . clean , simple , tasty food . the only annoying thing is staff needs to chill out on sucking up and focus on server basics like ... utensils . water . napkins . menus . that 's all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in here for breakfast on an early sunday morning before a spring training game . it was almost full when we got here but the line was out the door when we left . so get here early ! the orchard omelette was very good . eggs were neither dry nor undercooked . the bagel and lox were average and i would n't get them again . we enjoyed the excellent coffee and juice on the well shaded patio . we 'll definitely stop by again on a return trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my new favorite local morning meet up spot . the atmosphere is beautiful and showcases what i love about az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i when to the restaurant and i liked it.the atmosphere was great food was excellent i really love it and i will recommend it good job luci", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous ambiance and even better food . yummy little spot tucked away in a tree-shaded courtyard .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place ever . had a little mix up with my chicken sandwich today but i was soooo pleased with how the incredibly cute waitress handled it . it was a great experience all around and i would highly recommend this place to any one looking for great food and an awesome family friendly atmosphere . also : some bomb bloody mary 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love luci 's at the orchard , great atmosphere and great food ! i have been for breakfast and lunch and highly recommend both ! the service is great and very attentive and they have plenty of outdoor seating to enjoy the beautiful weather and have misters on hotter days as well ! they also have a small splash pad as well to keep the kiddos happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute place to order at the counter and eat outside on their adorable patio . super family-friendly - luci 's includes an indoor market and an outdoor splash pad . affordable prices . pretty good food : i enjoyed the french toast and the breakfast sandwich , but the breakfast burrito was just kinda bland and the skirt steak was alternately tough and fatty . the green tea smoothie is delicious , however . overall , i would go back , even if just to hang out and drink a smoothie and eat a muffin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brunch is fantastic ! food is really good ... i like the burrito bomb..but the atmostphere is a 10 . cute little green space . outdoor seating ... a little sanctuary in uptown . my favorite saturday spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i loved the original but since the parking is a zoo it made it a seance to visit . this is at the orchard near my home and where i grew up around the place as an orchard . it has terrific funky stuff in the store that can keep you occupied for a while . then the coffee drinks , smoothies and sandwiches they make are incredible . i love , love , love the mango smoothie . then take it outside to the lawn and enjoy the sunshine . kids playing in the splash pad and folks having dinner next door or enjoying the frozen treats . it is a fantastic place and a real refuge in uptown phoenix . i ca n't wait until they get some yoga on the lawn there because that would be amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing coffee ! well trained and knowledgeable batista 's . great breakfast menu wide selection of grab and go food . cute gift shop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful atmosphere indoors & out ! darling gift shop and ice cream shop . very pricey for some of the same food & beverage you get in this town ! a luncheon club sandwich w fries , a dessert & tea was over $ 28 ! that 's quite spendy for this community . it 's a great place , food was nice but typical . but at those lunch prices it will not be a regular stop it 's more of a special occasion stop for a $ 30 plus tip lunch . for $ 30 you could go the the henry or hillstone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "spent a few hours here for lunch today . cobb salad was delicious ! ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the atmosphere ! sandwiches was very good and the coffee was strong ( which is a good thing ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the most adorable restaurant . so convenient , homely and the staff was absolutely wonderful . food is off the carts . very afforable with huge portions . we ca n't wait to become regulars here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit today with some girlfriends and very cool atmosphere and food was great . i had the luci 's burger and it was pretty tasty . also had taste of southwest salad and it was delicious . will definitely come again for brunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who tuned out the original luci 's years ago ( the review is around -- that place just has me shaking my head ) , i was hesitant to visit the orchard in the first place . well , i do n't know who took control of this one but luci 's at the orchard is excellent and the dining experience is a complete 180 from the original luci 's . the menu has a list of options from classic egg dishes to your more granola options , plus the standard selection of baked goodies and blended drinks . the little shop area in the store is worth browsing but the kicker about luci 's at the orchard is the space . the seating is plentiful with both inside and outside options . tucked away north of glendale there , the orchard is a great little weekend brunch option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best casual restaurant environments in metro phoenix only partially compensates for below average eats . ordered their chicken salad . much inferior to a mcdonald 's which i consider better than average . long waiting lines and full parking lot will eventually not be problem if they stay this course .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i tried this place via ubereats solely becos french toast is life and the funky monkey french toast sounded amazing ! and it was good , for the most part . did n't taste anything spectacular or funky ( in a good way ) but it was good and may very well taste even better at the restaurant than after a 15 min ride . i look forward to my visit to the orchard becos it sounds like a beautiful chill spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is just an absolute wonderful place to hang out . met some friends there yesterday for brunch and i ca n't wait to go back . the grounds were beautiful ! surrounded by trees and lots of shrubs almost makes you feel like you 're not in the desert . the food was delicious and they also have an ice-cream shop . staff was super friendly . they have separate restaurants . one has more of a cafe feel as the other is a little more upscale-maybe for dinner . this is on the top of my list of favorite places to hang out , relax and enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad food and very bad service . customer service needs overhauled . do not go here . poor food quality . rude service . not dog friendly , even if you had a tiny dog . no shades . too bad they did not consult a landscape designer to transform the nursery to a comfortable place to hang .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's really nice outside , but no pets inside , not even to allow you to order . same sandwiches and foods as the other luci 's , just with an outdoor area that is better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went for lunch today . everything was delicious and fresh . the ambiance is clean and cool . the staff was attentive and friendly . i ca n't wait to go back when it 's cooler so we can sit outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance is wonderful however brunch on weekends can be a little disjointed . it 's going to be crowded . if you want an alcoholic drink , it ca n't be ordered where you order your food so you end up standing in 2 separate lines . i also really wish they 'd put a turkey burger or veggie burger ( preferably both ) on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go-to spot in the morning . i usually hit this place before work for a chocolate protein smoothie ! the barista 's are very knowledgeable and helpful ! especially when it comes to customizing my protein smoothie in the morning since i log everything into myfitnesspal . it tends to get very crowded around lunch time during the week so i suggest you either order ahead or expect a wait . they also have a splash pad for the little ones which is a plus and an ice cream desert bar in the back ! this is a beautiful place to eat outside when the weather is right ! i definitely recommend coming here and trying it for yourself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im in love with the atmosphere of this place and all they have to offer the mocha i had got me hooked for life ! wish it was on my way to work each morning i would be in bliss daily ! ! must visit this place would be ideal for a date or two.. or more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unreal facilities that will impress any party or business meeting . the entire venue was built with character , history and sentimental value in everything designed . great outdoor seating , restaurant , bar , menu and service . go here for a great time or to impress friends business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the most amazing service i 've experienced in arizona . my 4 year old niece accompanied my sister and i and they bent over backwards to make sure she was happy with her lunch . they offered lots of things for her to try . we ate at the buffet and tried everything , very very good . and the mango lassies are excellent . go go go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to this place today with our friends . i have had indian food all over the us and without a doubt , this is the best i have had ! we had their buffet - large selection including my fav , chicken tikki masala and everything was excellent . the service was very attentive and friendly . it is exactly what we were looking for and i would drive the hour it takes for us to go to this place just for the food alone . their nan was unlike any other i have tried with seasonings and butter - yum . go hungry and expect now to eat the rest of the day you will be so satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good but let 's start from the beginning . the bread and dips were good.i recommend only dipping the `` chippy '' bread in the green guacamole looking dip . the brownish dip had almost every single flavor and was not very good . the curry chicken was very good and no doubt about it i would get it again . also the korma lamb was awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it had a very good sauce around it . the tandoori shrimp came with perfectly cooked onions and the shrimp was perfect too . also the garlic strips are plain . some of the downsides are just slow service and really bad drinks . do n't get any sodas ! i 'm telling you this is great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful indian food and the owners and servers are so friendly and attentive . i love the chicken saag and the tikka masala is excellent as well . the naan is a must ! restaurant is sparkling clean as well - if you are in the neighborhood definitely try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband & i ate dinner here last weekend for the first time , and little did we know there was a huge anniversary party being hosted there . we were a bit worried as soon as we walked in , but we were seated immediately & our drink & food order were taken shortly after . we did have to wait a bit for our food to come out ( appetizer came out fast ) , but it was n't a crazy amount of time . food was delicious ! my husband ordered his dish `` medium spicy '' and he said next time he 'll get mild as it was a little too spicy for him . the workers kept apologizing for how busy it was which was nice , but we understood ... it happens ! they ended up giving us a complimentary dessert before we left .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to go there almost every week for launch , delicious food ! and very nice staff , orders were delivered timely and always with a smile . they have daily buffet for launch for 10 dollars per person . highly recommend if you like indian food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some friends introduced us to india garden a couple months ago , we 've been back twice since then . best indian food i 've had in the west valley . we 've never ordered anything we did n't like . we will definitely keep coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply sublime sunday brunch . healthily and delicious dishes , along with friendly almost family like servers . this is a local gem which is quickly becoming a regular food stop for my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is quite good , we came for the lunch buffet at noon on a friday . it was n't too crowded , and it was very quiet . they do a cool thing where they keep the rice in a closed cooker , so it does n't dry out in a chaffing dish . there 's a rice paddle in water next to it . this is also valuable info if you 've not been here before . just pop the button and open the lid . i had spinach , goat , and chicken tikka masala . the spinach was bland , stay away . but the goat was quite good . you have to fight it off the bone a bit , but it was worth the struggle . my favorite was the chicken . it was tender and moist , not what i was expecting from a buffet . it is what will bring us back . they also had gulab jamun in the cold section . they are small baked balls made of sugar , flour , sugar , yogurt , and sugar . try them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great deal for the buffet . they have a variety of foods for their buffet and they change it up here and there . their chicken tikka masala is really good . they also give you free naan bread with the buffet . the servers are a little unfriendly but just flag them down and ask for whatever you need and they 'll give it to you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food great service ! the food is authentic and cooked fresh always will go back here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last exit is a great place to see some of arizona 's finest local talent perform . you 'll find bands like violet wild , let go , source victoria , authority zero and ghetto cowgirl rocking out at this super intimate live music venue , which features a small patio with misters . up-and-coming national acts also grace the stage and you 'll see the local music celebrity from time to time such as robin wilson of the gin blossoms or roger clyne of roger clyne & the peacemakers . the beer is very cheap here and the bartenders are awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited last exit for the first time , last saturday , for our website anniversary party . everything ran smoothly thanks to management and the help of the `` spot on '' sound guy , jack . although this is a rather small venue , the layout was very accomodating , with an adorable patio area . pool table was a plus and the lounge area showcased some incredible photos ( aka the fu exhibit ) taken by my favorite phoenix photog , saki photography . overall it was awesome , of course the music was amazing ( they were all our good friends ) , and the atmosphere was perfect for my good time . how was yours ? ~2", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the phoenix scene is here . if you are in a band and you are good you play here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worse apartment complex i have ever lived in . do n't be fooled by the rental.prices.the complex has constant police cruising through looking for people along with helicopters overhead with headlights . there is a great deal.of drug deals happening in the parking lot . the management is unncooperativeand if they owe you money for many reason , they will refuse to discuss unfaithful.if you are looking for a safe and quiet place to live avery park apartments is not for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dont know how many their are but this is for the torrey pines location . this is the worst company to have to deal with ! ! ! ! they owe me a refund ( a month ago ) that i have yet to recieve ! ! ! ! they say my check was sent back twice because they wrote down the wrong address , which i do n't see how because they repeated the correct address to me . when i request to speak to someone higher up , the girl acted as if she did n't know anything ... i am going to complain about this company on every site i can find and call everywhere until i reach the owner or someone who is in charge that knows how to properly handle business . or maybe i 'll contact a lawyer for all the stress i 've been through because believe me , when the wanted my money , i had to give it right away so they should have that same respect !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lived here for a year and a half . i had one of the remodeled two bedroom units . i loved it , as far as appearance goes . i had nice neighbors . there were some questionable people in the complex , but most people will respect you if you respect them . i never had a single issue with the people . there were cockroaches near the end of my stay , which was one of my reasons for wanting to leave . i had the exterminator come regularly , but if other people do n't it 's useless . the office people were great . maintenance was great . i 'd give more stars if it were n't for the bugs , and just a few things being older or run down in general . you get what you pay for . at the time , i wanted cheap rent . i was happy there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a wonderful apartment complex . no complaints here ! from signing the lease till the day of move in , i have had no issues . i love the amenities of the building . the building feel very secure , and residents all friendly , respectful working professionals . management is extremely helpful . and maintenance staff are superb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to say i love my apartment would be an overstatement , to say i adore the assistant manager here at avery park , is an understatement ! this is my 3rd time extending my lease and it 's because of evelyn ! she 's gracious and welcoming and constantly keeping me in the know regarding the community ! any requests , met and exceeded , quickly ! any issues , met with open arms ! i love , love , love the office staff , and appreciate all the help evelyn 's given me through my rougher periods ! thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just recently renewed our lease , for the 3rd time ! even got my sibling to get their own lease ! : ) its a nice complex , my neighbors are amazing , friendly and everyone just makes us feel safe . the administrative office is very accommodating with all our needs . we are in a 2x2 unit , and could n't think of anywhere else better to be in this area ! even sammie the dog enjoys walking around the neighborhood ( leashed of course ) because in our stay here , we 've never encountered a mean dog yet ! its so close to parks and his favorite grooming salon too . so yeah , pet friendly and affordable plus cool management and neighbors , could n't really think of moving anytime soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a pleasure coming to this property ! the leasing agent was extremely knowledgeable and helpful . she did apologize for not being able to show a property at that time but provided us with an alternative time to come back . i look forward to returning for a tour of the property . this seems like a future place we may be able to call home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my wife moved here last september and we could n't be happier with our place . we got the upgraded unit and our area was really quiet and clean . we heard some stuff on the reviews but thankfully we have n't personally had any issues up to now . my sister lives across from our apartment and she has been here for 3 years or so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been experiencing more issues with the apartment , however , the property management has been more helpful with addressing these issue , adding a star for now . will update again one all issues are resolved , pending how the situation is handled .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had an 8 month lease here . i have things that were noted on the original move in list that are still not taken care of and i am at the end of my lease . i have also been complaining about the ceiling leaking every time it rains since january and i have been complaining about the washing machine not working since december none of the above has been fixed they have however stated that my rent is being raised and since i have n't given a 60 day notice will be forced to pay said raised rent . this apartment complex is full of roaches and you have the wonderful aroma of marijuana at every turn in the complex . i am begging the housing association to please come and do a random walk through of this complex . for two months the lights on the outside of my building were out and i fell twice on the stairs because i could n't see the steps ... i implore you..seek elsewhere for your home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really love living here at avery park apartments i love the staff i hope they will be there for a long time i really like the new manager his name is lonnie he is excellent i hope he stays here for a long time and kara has helped me get into a one bedroom apartment she is a lifesaver and thank you kara i hope all the staff stays here for a long time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after living here for 5 months now i can still say i absolutely hate it here.. the bug problem never goes away i am constantly grossed out . my neighbor upstairs has no consideration for people that also live here . constantly littering . and the fighting is out of control to were i am scared and have to leave the house with my two yr old.. the model is 1000 percent different . they will come spray for bugs but it 's so bad it do n't even wk ... constantly crying of how much i hate it here wish i had did my research before moving here deff lesson learned..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today was the greatest day of twenty-thirteen . today my best friend , george the pug person , was returned to me . after a tearful and snugly reunion , we harnessed up and trotted our way to orphan 's greenspace dog park . this dog park is mostly for the bigger dogs , but my guy 's got swagger . this park sort of feels like it 's located in the middle of a freeway , but with it 's double-barreled entry gates , it is totally safe . in the summer it 's mulch bottomed , and there are many picnic tables and benches to rest on . i would n't recommend bringing a snack unless you plan on sharing with some climbing huskies , though . i plan to spend much of my time here in the coming days . pepper is tickled pink . pug tongue pink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my local puppy park ! this is a great little park , near the dvp for extra walk action should you like . it is a nice size with a bunch of trees for shelter , a picnic table and a few benches . it could for sure do with some additional dog park features ( doggy water fountain , a streetlight , etc ) but it does the trick . there are a great group dogs that go to this park too . a lot of larger dogs too which is great as my husky loves to wrestle . things to know 1 . there is typically a few dogs in the park . 2 . it gets very dark in the autumn before the leaves fall off the trees . once they are off , you can see again . 3 . the park is very muddy in the rain , but no sweat , there is a pet value near by with a bath for use .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a leash free dog park in the city , bigger than allan gardens but no segregated area so little dogs must play with the big dogs . lots of trees and benches but no water source so remember to bring some . covered in wood chips in the summer , the only grass is outside the fence because any grass that was originally here was worn down from constant use . if your not up for a trip to cherry beach leash free dog park , this is a handy alternative for a shorter visit but for longer walks i prefer cherry beach where dogs can swim too ! the place can get quite full so not a place for antisocial dogs who need their space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oddly placed between two dvp ramps , this off leash dog park is spacious , offers lots of shade and is wood chip based instead of cement and gravel . there 's only one park for all sized dogs , a picnic table and 3 benches . i love this dog park but i only wish they installed a water fountain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful staff . they are very caring and the facility is top-notch . this is the second experience we 've had here ( same doctor both times ) . i would highly recommend this facility .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had surgery done on my knee 5-23-17 and was so impressed with the amount of care i was given . i highly recommend this surgical center .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "due to a misunderstanding and miscommunication , i wasted my time and money . i was told by mom doc ma `` kat '' at the office of dr laird that my surgery was covered 100 % by insurance but when i arrived they sprung a $ 3k charge and i left angry and disappointed . they claimed they tried to call me but i had no missed calls or voicemail . i was inconvenienced and nobody gave a rip . took a day off work , two uber rides and my friend that was supposed to give me a ride had also been inconvenienced as well . i called kat and she had no idea they charge that much at the surgery center and was a big miscommunication in the era of electronic and social media communication . so disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this 7-eleven has what we have come to expect of 7-elevens - overpriced yet convenient products . suspicious looking hot dogs that look like they have been rotating in that one spot for days . this 7-eleven is a great place to go if you have a hankering for a chocolate bar , but beyond that , not worth it especially if you can cross the street and go to the pharmacy grocery in the basement of the bay , which has a better selection and is more reasonably priced . they added a section for healthy food , but it is insanely priced . a small cup of pineapple is $ 4 ! there is often a homeless fellow panhandling at the entrance of the store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do any of you people rating this hole actually live in the neighbourhood ? i thought not . your basic over-priced american chain with a staff i would n't leave my dog with . my friend in a wheelchair was robbed of the $ 40 he withdrew from their atm . when i went in the next day & inquired about how we could nail the guy , i was informed the `` cameras were n't working '' . err ... um , not ok .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two hot dogs for $ 3 . and they come in little cardboard hot dog boxes . try getting one of those from a street dog seller . you 'll only get muttered under-the-breath curses in azerbaijani . the real miracle here is the toppings . first , you got your holy trinity of ketchup , yellow mustard , and green relish . but there are some authentic vegetables : black olives , onions , and kraut . the real kicker is the self-administered chilli and cheese pump . just load that piggy up , i tell you . but where to eat ? where to eat ? there appeared to be no tables . my pro tip is take them to the bay adelaide centre 's food court . i 'm not going to lie to you : these piggies might be a little messy by the time you get to the food court and unpack them . but , it 's still some good eating , regardless . just load up on some napkins before you leave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the hotdogs ! ! ! if you are downtown toronto , do n't go for street meat , grab a burger from a fast food place . want a hot dog ? 711 is the place to go . although , twizzlers and smarties are not toppings for your hot dog , so do n't bother trying !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's 7-eleven and they have slurpees . you ca n't really expect much more than that . this location looks a little worse for wear than most , but they 're currently fixing up the outside of the building so maybe that will improve things down the road . i ca n't say the staff here are any better or worse than your typical convenience store worker . nov. 30-day challenge 43 30", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for the past 5 years or so ( before the recent renovation ) for my american spirit cigarettes and find the prices to be the most reasonable . employees adam and hannah take a genuine interest in customer satisfaction . there is a diverse selection of items at this location ( cigarettes , cigars , specialty items , etc . ) and something here for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just refurbished the place and it looks pretty cool in there they have a lot of really nice cigars including cohiba . the glass selection is okay but i really only go there for the wraps . there 's nothing notably special about the shop however it has everything you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cigs cost same as gas station , incense is the cheap kind , hookahs are of a cheap chinese made variety", "score": "1"}
{"review": "does n't have a return policy . i bought a hookah and it sucked . i was going to return it but they are only nice to you when you want to buy . i could care less for $ 100 but my advice is go to the place next door . i went there and bought another hookah it 's awesome . do n't waste your time with this place they have low quality items . the place right next to it is called bazar budah or something like that . way better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vaporizer equipment is poorly made and mine did not work at all after bringing it home . i will not be shopping there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "owner of the store has no sense of business he talks all crazy to the customers and he seems kind of racist ! he even told me he fired a black girl who worked for him cuz she accused him of being racist then he proceeded to tell me `` do n't bring that black shit in here '' in reference to the girl he fired !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's funny how the only good review on here is from an employee . do n't waste your time , over priced , cheap knock offs , rude , and shady . the owner is a creepy troll and the employee can barely form a sentence . there 's way too many other smoke shops in the area , to even waste your time on this one . if i could give zero stars , i would . never going to go there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i have really enjoyed our kundalini practice with crown of eternity . it is a very comfortable , nurturing and healing environment that has helped us both grow spiritually and physically .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the energy and peacefulness of this studio ! the owners are truly authentic kundalini yoginis ! if you want the real thing , this is your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have the utmost respect and highest praise for my experiences at crown of eternity . the deep , healing work that mike and gallina perform for people is transformative and transportive for you body , mind , heart , and soul . the gong and healing bowl sound sessions work on a very deep , core level . their kindness and compassion coupled with their talent as healers really makes for a truly one of a kind healing experience . i know that they host kirtans and teach yoga at their in-home studio . i ca n't say enough good things about then other than if you want to experience a deeply relaxing and unique healing technique then please treat yourself to a session ( or more ) with crown of eternity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their business practice is incredible . i had been practicing kundalini yoga for 3 years with another teacher before i went to crown of eternity . kundalini helped me tremendously in my personal life but never in all of that time had i experienced the relaxation and utmost professionalism that i have experienced with mike and gallina . if you are looking for an authentic kundalini yoga experience in pittsburgh with people who practice what they preach , go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crown of eternity is the most peaceful and warm yoga studio that i have ever had the good fortune of visiting . it is an incredibly pleasant environment in which to relax , and enjoy a yoga session , led by gallina and or mike tamburo , both of whom are very kind and knowledgeable . i had not practiced yoga for 7-8 years prior to visiting , and before then had only been a beginner at best , but i have felt supported and encouraged every step of the way since i started attending regularly in february 2013 . i typically attend the radiant woman classes , led by gallina , on saturdays . the two hours allow for an introduction of what we will be working on , a warming up period , meditative physical yoga moves , a period of relaxation accompanied with beautiful and focusing gong sounds , and then a meditation at the end . i tend to feel like i am floating home afterwards . i highly recommend attending a few classes or events here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here for lunch with my friend we had pad thai it was pretty good here . the noodles are soft and sticky , green curry had a lots of flavour with tender of chicken breast . we love to come back for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got one of their lunch special beef dish and it tasted dry and bland . i think they may have just reheated the beef . rice and veggies were okay . lemongrass soup that came with the dish tasted meh . pad thai looked good , get pad thai . this place is located on the upper floor of a building , so it feels somewhat nicer and there is some thai music playing in the background .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took a sip of the lemongrass soup and decided not to take another one , but maybe that was what lemongrass soup is supposed to taste like . but the pad thai was pretty decent . it tasted kind of like what they serve at thai express , which is n't a bad thing really . the inside is pretty basic but then again so are the prices ! all in all not a bad place to have a quick , cheap lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only good thing at this place is the friendly staff ... the food however is ... terrible . save your money . i do n't know how someone can over cook rice into a mash ! the curry was literally just curry no veggies or anything ... and i felt like i was drinking curry soup that was much too creamy and not enough spice . also had the tom yum shrimp soup ... very disappointing it was literally some powder tasting broth with 3 shrimp and a couple mushroom slices ... not a traditional tom yum at all . if they had a -1 star i would have put it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sheetz is sheetz : there is always good food when you need it , and boy oh boy did i need it . but wow i usually do n't care about writing reviews about chains and quick food places , but this was the bed sheetz run i have ever made . i got my normal cappuccino , but this drink was beyond normal . there was actually deliciously delicate foam piled atop of my drink when i opened the lid . it was absolutely delightful . my food was delicious as well . in fact , it was prepare so good that i went up and ordered another round of the same thing . fast , nice service , and there is actually some great seating in this location ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow service and the food is n't as good as the sheetz back in central pa where i was first introduced to them . even though some nights there will be 3-4 behind the counter making food , it still seems to take forever for them to get mto 's out . maybe it 's the set up of their kitchen , because i 've never really had that problem anywhere else . adding a major big shiny star for the always spotless bathrooms . it is seriously nice to know that in a busy business district like monroeville there is at least one place that has a decent and well lit bathroom . this location also has a dining area that would probably be good for travelers who need a break from the road . if i recall correctly , i 'm pretty sure there is also a walk in pop cooler cave . is n't that just all the way pittsburgh for ya ? oh , and always get the boom boom sauce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a great place to stop when you burp so hard that you spit up on your 2nd shirt of the day , so you have to wear your sister 's tanktop the rest of the way home . also , daddy can get a 99\u00a2 black cherry faygo while mommy cleans up partial puke .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great for a stop in whenever you need a last minute item . and who can argue about a mto . newer location and bigger on the inside . staff is productive and pleasant . not much else you can say about this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great sheetz store . better than most . there are entrances on three sides of the building with parking all around so you can always park by the door . service is always quick and staff are friendly . if you just want gas there are plenty of pumps . also , there is a traffic light , so getting in and out is a breeze .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in the mood for something different that was quick and tasty . i stopped by and ordered a fish sandwich on a toasted pretzel bun with jalape\u00f1os , red onions , ketchup and lettuce . it was actually much better than i expected ; very yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so happy that this location opened in the past year or so ! there are a lot of gas pumps , so i 've never had to wait to get gas . plus , their slushies are great , particularly the orange and white citrus mt . dew .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never get orders right , they 're always confused and or yelling , and the cleanliness back there looks like it needs to get better . also i 've gotten sandwiches here a few times where the veggies looked bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hi health vs. gnc ? i 'd definitely choose hi health . there 's not much to say for this particular location except for the customer service . the lady who assisted in my selection was extremely friendly and so patient . she gave me the pros and cons on so many items and i ended up purchasing a few things . everything i bought worked out perfectly and i have her to thank for that . 5 stars for excellent customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first visit to this hi health location and i found it great . the two employees were super nice and were n't salesy . i asked them about the new preworkout and he hooked me up with a sample . super excited to try it out . will be back to this location again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come in on thursdays once a month like clock work . my lady there , pat , is super friendly - not pushy and always answers the questions i have from my goal expectation . she has never pushed me onto anything i did n't want or need and has patience with me as i go through a myriad of things with her . it is not uncommon for me to show up at closing and not once has she ever rushed me out the door or made me feel like i was imposing on her . if you stop in , tell her `` the ugly pool guy '' sent you in and you need to know how he lost 100 lbs in 21 weeks ( and that is no bullshit ! ) thanks pat for all the help and friendship over the many years ! i am proud to be a customer of hi health !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been confused about the right supplement for me and essentials oils ... i went in asking for help and wow ! i got the red carpet treatment ... i wish i knew the young lady 's name but her cashier # is 7768 . a more helpful and knowledgable person i could never have hoped for . she was awesome . she listened attentively , asked some questions and then made some suggestions we explored together ... bingo ! every question and concern handled . i found the right vitamins , got valuable questions answered and entered the world of essential oil therapy ! i could not be happier . what a great store and an outstanding employee ... they just gained a customer for life ! kudos hi health !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical hi -health , i guess , a little of this and a little of that . the cashier was very helpful , but this location was understaffed , and she was the only saving grace . i could n't find what i was looking for , and almost walked out . the cashier was too busy to help . found it at the last second , but the products they carry for colon cleansing were pretty generic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they always seem to try to get me to buy more things than i intend . the other day i went in to get vitamin c and the guy told me what would help even more is probiotics . so i got one of each ... when i get home and read about it , it 's not what i want need and it has to be refrigerated which does n't work for someone who travels . they did the same thing with my multi vitamin awhile back . nice enough people , but if i 'm looking for something , then i will ask for their advice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "that place and the employees were fantastic the best employees they helped me out got me the right stuff i needed and basically changed my life they are awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to hi-health today after speaking with john ( the manager ) on the phone . i was looking for a cheaper alternative to shakeology . he took the time to talk to me on the phone , so i went there . he had these other products out for me to look at , he even had me try one . he spent so much time explaining the products to me and he also went on line . i had just come from a different health store and the guy there just showed me where the products were but did n't really explain anything . we are talking about my health here . that 's when i decided to call hi-health . i am so impressed with john 's customer service i will now be a customer of that store . thank you john for all your help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going into the store , i have been going to this store for years , they always know my name and are so knowledgeable and willing to help with my vitamin needs . the store is very clean and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance and are new homeowners and neither of us has cared for a pool before , so when we woke up two days after moving in and found the pool was a green mess we freaked out a bit . charles has been a great help ; not only are his services very affordable , but he has been incredibly knowledgeable and friendly , ready to answer questions and help out with the pool however he can . i 'd highly recommend harris family pools .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you are better off walking to the scotiabank on pape and danforth . customer service is non-existent , and the hours are beyond inconvenient.. 10am-4pm monday to thursday and closed on the weekends ? bleh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "speaking as one who works in a bank , this is not a good branch . they give scotiabank ( probably the best chartered bank in canada ) a bad name . went here to do rrsp and tfsa stuff , but was not helped . staff are unfriendly and unknowledgeable . update : i left and went to the main branch . the difference in service is like night and day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to rate it an extra star from the last review . the lineups are pretty much gone now . my guess is that people just got tired of the ineptness . i know it 's a 'training centre ' but come on folks , get it together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "daman is very reliable guy . i was flying to another country , i needed notary for my power of attorney and it was late at night so i called daman . he was at my place at 1 am at night , for $ 50 its worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called db notary service after a planned appointment with another notary fell through . i called him last minute and he said no problem . he was there on time and prepared the forms for us as promised . he also did n't make us `` pay through the nose '' because we called him on short notice . it was a great relief to have him come by because i have a house-bound parent and it would 've been very difficult to get them to an office to get what i needed done . i highly recommend daman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a champ ! ! needed a last minute notary as i had to mail the docs by the end of day . given , the busyness at work ; it simply slipped off my mind . called few places - apparently , everyone wanted to take an advantage of the situation as i needed to get it done in the next few hours . the prices been quoted were outrageous . fortunately , i ended up calling daman . the man was super polite , extremely professional , had an easy smile on his face when came to take care of the business . it was such a breeze working with him . not to mention , he even helped me with some of the technicalities involved in the paper work . highly recommended . with the service level received and the price we had to pay ? it was nothing but all worthy . i will use this service provider in a heartbeat . keep up the good work ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was that time of year again for registration and smog check . i had received a coupon for $ 7 off the regular price . saving money is always a good thing . i pulled up as the attendant was finishing up another customer . it did n't take very long . my husband and i were getting ours done at the same time . she was quick and efficient . while we were waiting for our vehicles , many customers pulled up for service . i 'm assuming this location is always like this being located across from the dmv . it 's easy to find just in front of qdoba . parking does get a bit hectic during the busy times . otherwise , once a year is n't so bad . plus if you can get a coupon it 's better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , looks like a little shed , but the job is done in minutes ! you can also register your car right there instead of going across the street and going into the dreadful dmv . smog cost me $ 24 and registration was only a few dollars more than going over to the dmv", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ... what a nice surprise coming here for a smog check ! only $ 20 and they were finished by the time i finished paying the cashier inside the store . nice guys too . so easy ... why would n't you just come here for smog check . they will do your registration renewal too if you do n't want to hassle with online registration .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience of my life , woman who was working could not of been less helpful and over charges me . i hope they get shutdown for stealing money & time", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called one day and had awful service from some girl , she was so rude and did n't sound friendly at all . i needed to get my smog check done for my car 's registration so i came by the next week . i got the most amazing service from an older gentleman . he was so polite and very engaging . it was such a pleasant experience and i 'm so grateful that whoever answered the phone that one day was not the one there to do my smog check . i was in and out within minutes and hopped over to the dmv across the street to complete my registration . it was so easy ! i definitely recommend coming here and plan on telling all my friends family to come here for smog checks from now on ! oh and bring cash unless you want to pay the $ 1 credit card fee . i do n't mind paying the extra fee , but save yourself a dollar and bring $ 24 in cash !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is whack charge if you fail or if it 's rejected no other place does that never go again and had an attitude i would never recommend even to my worse enemy i hope they close this place down ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thought i had the right coupon and they took it anyways ! very quick and professional . will be back there next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tech no personality & a tip cup presented ... . i still gave a little and a thank you for my grat was the most words that came out of his mouth . my entire visit was under 60 seconds ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "convenient to dmv and efficient service . a bit pricey at $ 25 and $ 1 transaction fee for paying with card . asked attendant why so high , he suggest coupon . i should of shopped around for more affordable place . guy did good job and one less thing to worry about .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful . these guys will charge more than most even when you mention discounts anywhere else . i thought this was jiffy smog . smog tests are a money maker . they do not tell you upfront if you changed a battery out recently they can not test some things . they all do this . charge you even when their equipment can not get a read . worthless nevada . i digress . express smog was the most expensive i dealt with by far , in 4 attempts at different places . never again . lesson learned and they lost my business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm mean as far as smog checks go , this went great . i called ahead to inquire about the cost . he answered right away , i think he said 24 -- but they accept most competitors coupons if they 're printed out . we showed up , it 's next to quidoba , right across the street from dmv ... very convenient . i was in and out within 15mins . but my car is 2 years old , so no smog problems here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "efficient and almost never crowded . have been going here with my vehicles for two years now and am always impressed with his fairness and courtesy . his base price is a little expensive at $ 25 but he accepts competitor coupons within reason . thank you for making an annual and odious task a lot more bearable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience at this smog station ! nice gentleman helped with my service . i was in and out quickly -- perfectly located across from the dmv . would deff recommend `` express smog '' to others", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . yeah it 's small but they get you in and out fast . i needed a smog quick to renew my registration and i went to dmv without having one , they sent me across the street . if dmv recommends them , then i 'll go . i just renewed there for a few dollars more . why bother going to back to dmv ? no brainer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "express smog made my day less hectic , as a new resident in nevada it 's taking me a lot of time to get things done especially with the dmv and insurance , the beauty of this place is , if you drive up theyre friendly theyre fast and efficient , overall time it took me to get my car smog was five minutes ! i will be back thank you express smog", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the young man cory who works here is a delight to work with . he 's fast , smart and courteous and as a result of his great customer service , i highly recommend you use this location . very refreshing - thanks cory !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally took 5 minutes ! ! smog paid and then pay an extra fee $ 10 buckaroos and they will take care of the rest and you do n't have to go to dmv ! ! roy was professional and quick ! ! perfect . so now i just have to wait about 3-4 days till my tags come in the mail ! ! love it . also , they are across the street from dmv in cornerstone shopping center next to qudoba . enjoy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and easy and he accepted a coupon from another smog place . the gentleman could n't have been nicer . this will be my go-to place from now on . and the location across from the dmv ca n't be beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 25 for a quick smog check . 18 for the check , 6 for vir fee , and 1 for debit credit charge . did n't have a coupon but oh wells . brotha man was fast and friendly . took maybe 3 min .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the camp is an amazing place where it lives up to its claim of being the best transformation of your mind and body ! top notch trainers , nutrition experts and the greatest staff and fellow transformers in the world ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in with a large group at lunchtime on a weekday with no reservation . the place was very busy but we got a big table with a booth right away . it was a little loud in there , hard to hear from one side of the table to the other . the service was excellent . very friendly . they gave us free nachos because it was our first time visiting as well as a free dessert because we were celebrating a special occasion . the portions were large . the food was pretty good . the side salad options were great . lots of drink refills and attention . better than an average pub experience but just a little on the noisy side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my third time visiting this establishment . each time i 've had to wait at least 10 minutes to see a member of the wait staff . tonite was no different , it was 15 minutes to get my drink order while i noticed that staff are talking to each other . it seems that customer service does n't appear to be a priority at this establishment . it 's too bad because i do think the menu is innovative and interesting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "right outside of st.clair station this gem of a pub is a great after work dinner spot for those who live in the area . started off with the house braised short rib firecrackers -- amazing ! ! ! ! ! deep fried with spring roll sauce to dip , this app was definitely 5 5 for $ 9.25 ; comes with 4 pieces ( sorry no photo ) . also had the korean short rib tacos , 3 small tacos and they were not bad . i 'd wish for a bit more sauce and quantity on the taco , but overall not bad . the smokehouse deluxe burger was delicious . juicy and with all the right toppings . definitely a huge burger to eat . better yet , it comes with shoestring fries . those type of fries should be eater by the handful . perfect combo . overall meal cost $ 45 . great atmosphere . pub is nice and relaxing with tv to watch at the bar . staff is on point !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am regularly at this location for work meetings due to the fact that the environment is quiet enough to discuss business , staff is friendly and most of all food is great . only reason i gave 4 stars is because i got a ceasers here and the rim was covered in a very pungent tasting cajun spice . ceasers deserve celery salt ... do n't fix it if it is n't broke !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location several times and it 's usually always been a good experience . some of the food items are incredible such as the almond chicken fingers , chicken curry noodle bowl and the burgers . they also have drink specials everyday of the week which makes it a great after work spot . the service is a bit lacking at times but it really depends on the night . i would n't go out of my way to check this place out but if you live or work in the area and want a great portion of food for a good price then this is your spot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here a couple times with co-workers as its right down the street . the fries were great , the servers were absolutely accommodating , but i do hate a bar with a long flight of stairs to get to a restroom . it always feels like someone 's just not going to make it ! other than that though , the atmosphere here is nice , open , welcoming . not a great tequila selection ( either cuervo or patron ) but their social refresher 2.0 drink was , well , refreshing ! no atm though : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "union social eatery is the place to be . i have had multiple visits here because it was the best place to go around my old work area . i returned to union social to meet up with some old friends . the food was great as usual and so was the service . what more can u ask for ? the drink specials were good which stayed the same as before . i ended up getting one of the featured menu items , which was the killer chicken sandwich with some fries . i gobbled that all up as it was quite delicious . the chicken was cooked perfectly and had a great combination of toppings to make it impossible not to finish . they change their food menu items at times . i would suggest ordering any of their seafood as they always have a great selection of seafood and i 've never been disappointed . this place is always busy , and it 's busy for a reason . i wish there was a union social eatery near my work or home . maybe one day ... jimstar out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had lunch today with colleagues at union social eatery . i ordered chicken vindaloo . it was okay . the sauce had a nice bite . the chicken was cold , though , which surprised me . i would n't get it again . brent had a salad with rare seared bigeye ahi tuna . he said it was good and he 'd get it again . antonia got steam whistle fish & chips . it looked good and there were a ton of fries . i may get that if i go back . bri got the ace high club sandwich . she said it was good and she also got a ton of fries . i may get that if i go back . kyle was our server . he was friendly and took good care of us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall impression : `` meh '' . food is fine ( caesar salad dressing is way too garlicky ) , service is fine , cocktails beer wine are fine . utterly unremarkable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not as good as they say . it 's all very -- ok ... . informal . easy . good burgers . but do n't be adventurous . the menu leans towards the eclectic and naive desires of the 905'er far too often .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really noisy restaurant - like so loud that i have to raise my voice to speak to my friends . the person who greeted us was very rude and bitchy , maybe she was having a bad day or something but she refused to serve us when we asked to have a booth instead of an open table . we got a much nicer waiter who checked up on us and at least looked happy to serve . i ordered the chicken panang noodle bowl and i should 've known better to not order any asian food at an american restaurant . it was not good at all ... the curry was really salty and the flavor just made my stomach upset . portion was really big though so i guess thats a plus . this is n't really the place if you want to catch up with old friends and plan on talking alot . by the end of your conversation , your throat will be scratchy from trying to talk over everyone else in the restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went there last night with friends , as a party of three . i have to say that was a great experience in union social . we ordered the recommended steak , and wow ! that was amazing ! the candy salad was okay , not a must-have . but both the tuna slider ( forgot the name , but it 's an appetizer ) and chicken quizonnal ( do n't know how to spell , but it 's also an appetizer , with smoke chicken and cheese blended , and baked in a triangle shape ) are worth trying ! in terms of drinks , i would say it 's okay , but i had better ones . then , we ordered nachos with extra cheese and edamame . both are great ! i especially love the nachos ( when it 's hot -- crispy and the melted cheese ... ) anyway , a nice place . and a thank-you to our wonderful waitress -- rachel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been here many times since it opened . the food is consistently good , and it 's wonderful how family friendly the place is . strollers welcome , and the servers always take the time to play with my kid . kids chicken tenders is especially good ( and we like the cups for kids milk drinks ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is pretty good , iv been there several times , its just it takes a pretty long time for the food to arrive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice atmosphere with a wooden theme . it has a feel of a modernize 80 's eatery . the music was not too loud . i started with the roasted pepper soup which was a nice appetizer size . it could have been just a bit warmer , but it was tasty and did not feel very heavy . the spinach salad was topped with beats , goat cheese and sweetened walnut crumbles . the sweet walnut complimented the salty goat cheese really well . the burger was juicy with a few touch of meyo and mustard on the bun . very tasty for the price ! ( $ 11 ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "atmosphere , service and food was excellent . went here on a monday evening and it was n't busy at all . check it out if you have n't been here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do something for the sound pollution ! ! ! beautiful decoration but something is missed in design . after 10 minutes you are not enjoying your time and food , unfortunately . i like this place but please do something for that much noise . you can hardly hear your friends or even waiter . it could be much more better experience if you could be able to fix it . there are lots of elements and materials in your decoration that reflect the sound , find a way to correct it some how . metals , polished acrylic wood tables , concrete floor ; they may be beautiful decoration but not a good combination in terms of sound pollution . it is hardly possible for me to chose to come next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to have a drink before dinner . the place looks pretty nice from the outside but it was basically another cheesy moxies when go inside . definitely not my scene . however , the martinis were $ 5 and were made exactly like how we had asked so that was nice . we just downed them and left after 15 minutes . would come back for the specials but never to stay for more than a drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came for brunch . found the prices high for what was offered . they charged me $ 15 for eggs and potatoes . the potatoes were delicious but scanty portions ( i got 3 and a half baby potatoes with my order ) . the service was also slow . it took 30 minutes just to take our order and then another 30 minutes to bring our food . this whole time , they did n't come by once to refill coffee . definately not coming back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i had an incredible experience at union social eatery . the food tasted great ( i had the rose chicken penne and he had the steak frites . shared the mediterranean dip trio too ) , but best of all was the service ! everyone was friendly , attentive and genuinely cared about providing a great experience . our server delivered our items quickly and the manager came over to make sure we were enjoying our meal ... which we absolutely did ! next time , we 'll definitely save room for dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . atmosphere is great , food is wonderful , and super nice staff ! it was our first night in canada and they helped make it special for us . shout out to our great server for giving us tons of city tips and thank you to the manager for that super sweet appetizer surprise . definitely coming here next time i 'm in town . oh , and i had the chicken sandwich special ! loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am totally biased as i love this chain - the first one i went to was this one at yonge and st. clair and i always had a good time . service is great and the seating is conducive for group gatherings . the food is really yummy especially all their various taquito dishes and let 's not forget their candy house salad . since i work in the area , this is our work place 's local jaunt so if you want to go there for lunch ( and you have a big group ) , make reservations as it gets very busy . ca n't go wrong : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious burgers , even better and cheaper than holy chuck around the corner . this is the place i bring people who visit me from out of town and they are always impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to finally try this place today at lunch . firstly , when we mentioned it was our first time the general manager esther came out to say hello and offered us a free appetizer , the house braised short rib firecrackers - which were delicious ! we ordered fairly straightforward mains , i had a burger my so had chicken fingers and both exceeded our expectations . plus they have daily drink specials and it just so happened our favourite beer was the special of the day , so that was a nice bonus . we will definitely be going back , great atmosphere , great service and really good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot ! would never recognize the place given the location and tinted windows in the front . nice ambiance . almond crusted chicken was really good and the fish and chips were quite nice ! great selection of craft beers as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i dine here regularly as i work in the area . overall i am satisfied , but wish more vegetarian options were available . cooking basic staples like rice in chicken broth just makes no sense in today 's day and age . please switch to vegetable broth , it would open up so many more options for customers that avoid animal products . the veggie burger is great , but not as the only option every single time..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this location several times , and it always have the most stellar service and food ! i have always been impressed by each server , and each time i am there , there is always something that they do to stand out . i have never been disappointed , and am very impressed with the overall value you get for the price . great apps , and nice size plates always leave me with leftovers to savor when i get home . i especially love the club sandwich - it comes with turkey , bacon and all the usual 's on an amazing cranberry focaccia bread that basically tastes like thanksgiving in your mouth ! all around a great , reliable place to come back to again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yikes , food is overly greasy , very oily , not tasty , and super expensive . very loud and cramp inside . the best thing of my meal was the grapefruit juice , but so small , i asked no ice to get better value of my drink .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a fantastic classy pub . the food quality is great . sometimes the kitchen can get backed up but the staff always accommodate your requests with a smile . the sushi roll and burgers get 2 thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time here . still just ... meh it 's a good environment to have a drink and burgers with friends . the waitress was attentive , cute restaurant and decor - but the food is really not great . tried a few appetizers and mains - they are just `` ok '' . verdict : come for drinks and fries and chat with a friend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been to this restaurant twice now . the service has been excellent . a small but good beer selection includes craft beers . the menu has options for healthy or decadent . the first time there we had the spinach salad with chicken breast . the salad was delicious , lightly dressed and fresh . the chicken was perfectly cooked , tender and moist . the second time there i was celebrating so i indulged in their house smoked cheddar and bacon burger . it was fantastic and i was pleasantly surprised that this is one of he few places with fresh cut fries that are actually crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside . my girlfriend got an appetizer of dips with pita and tortilla 's that she quite enjoyed . we look forward to returning in the future . they do take reservations on open table which is convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great atmosphere . nice decor and noise levels were lively but not overly distracting . food is always good . definitely pub food but good pub food . service is friendly and has good timing . this place is big for the neighbourgood so we always get a seat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there a few weeks ago on a thursday night . i called ahead to reserve a table for 2 . we were seated at the table and waited and waited for a server to at least acknowledge us . nothing happened . both servers walked past our table several times and did n't offer any water or to even say they would be back . after waiting about 15-20 minutes we walked out and went to another near by restaurant . this was our first time trying out this restaurant but after the lack of service we will never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hubby & i ate here when we were in the area . the service was really good & the manager actually came over to chat for a bit because he used to be the manager for the north york location . he was really nice . the food was good too ! i had the mushroom burger . decor is nice . lots of dark woods . the space is n't that large but it was pretty busy . there was no music playing so it was n't loud at all . we 'd come here again to eat if we 're in the neighbourhood . .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for lunch before it picked up and got too noisy - had the korean tacos and atlantic salmon and they were both divine . service was quick and the atmosphere was cool ; definitely gon na head back to try more on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love the staff here ! matty is a great bar manager that greeted us with a great smile and took care of us from day one . if you want a good time , come to union and ask for matty with the beard ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent spot for dinner and drinks with your girlfriends , a date or even a family . a bit more of a bar like feel than your typical dinner-chain restaurant . i came here with some friends after a night of bowling on a friday night . it was n't too busy so it was easy for us to get a spot . the service was really friendly , but could have been more attentive . everyone seemed pretty happy with their food . portion sizes were good . prices were average . i have the nachos . they were a good size for one person , and were very cheesy : ) i 'd come back if in the area again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is definitely an improvement over harry 's social kitchen . i liked the korean short rib soft tacos , thai red curry and the house smoked mosquite wings . they have a fair selection of beers on tap and the wine is reasonable . they also have big screen tv sports . good addition to the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great balance between portion and presentation . reasonable prices and delicious dishes all topped off by friendly and accessible service . fried pickles are among the best in the city !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "make sure to get the smashed avocado when you 're here ! the food here has yet to disappoint and they are very accommodating when i let them know i was gluten free they brought me a very extensive gluten sensitive menu ! it is really loud though so do n't go expecting to have intimate conversations with your dining partner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got struck in traffic on 401 and we called and spoke to the manager that pls keep our table we r on our way ... .he shld have told us ur policy then we would have not wasted our time coming all the way to the restaurant ... ..plus u gave us a table where there was no t.v . it 's a sports bar pls get some more t.v . i hope u get our point", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a really great restaurant with a good ambience . the food is standard american canadian fare with a fusion twist on some things . a tad pricier than other places , but it 's tasty enough to make it worth it . i dream about their short-rib tacos at night ! also , the first time i went , they brought me a free app when they found out i had n't been before . i definitely recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thought we would try this spot for fun after seeing good reviews . i have to say they have the best service i think i have ever had . they did n't stop pampering us from the moment we walked into the restaurant . we did n't have a great chance to test many main courses because we both ordered the steak special . but the starter course we had was great , mediterranean dip i think it was called . they gave it to us as a welcome present , very nice of them indeed . dessert was a decadent brownie which was good . i am very curious to try some more courses here . the service and caring is worth coming to this place for by itself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here and was excited as i 've heard only but good things . i got the braised rib firecrackers to start ... amazing ! loved it . grabbed three short rib tacos for lunch , they were very good as well however i have had better tacos in the city . i know it 's not fair to compare but what can you do . it 's my review . service was very good , the server took her time to explain the menu and provide good recommendations , even though it was jam packed for lunch . highly recommend a visit . looking forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty nice little bar . i was there for a work function and we 'd reserved the downstairs area - it was a great little spot , they did some good food and a nice choice of beers . not too noisy , too crowded , or too quiet . plus i had a win on the bandit . yeah !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i read the other reviews about this pub and am wondering where the friendly staff were when i was in ... i 'm a bit sad about this place because traditional old man pubs are my thing , it 's right in the city centre and the prices seemed reasonable . it 's an over 18s pub and i 'm a young looking person approaching 10 years over legal drinking age . i had to produce id at the bar while buying a diet coke . to be told 'kids are not allowed in here ' while i 'm with colleagues on a work night out does not make me feel too welcome . i liked the pub but i wo n't be going back any time soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in for a meal and a pint with my wife . after reading the menu and then going to the bar to order , was ignored by the bar man ( smarmy git with a wannabe beard and fake posh boy english accent ) several times . i was clearly in his eye sight , made eye contact with him and he continued to serve others . as i stepped right up to the bar he made it obvious that he would n't serve me . so after a couple more minutes and a fellow patron asking me if i wanted to move even closer to get noticed , i decided to take my business elsewhere . very disappointed and hopefully the plant pot of a bar man gets his cards sooner or later . idiot ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a large pub with gothic pews and large tables . the staff was very friendly and informative . my friend and i were able to sample the different beers on tap before commiting to a pint . the other customers at the pub were just as lovely . we did n't make it into the door when a couple of tourists stopped us for a quick chat . then at the bar , a friendly man chatted us up ... not in a skeezy , creepy way ... just a friendly chat about scotland and whiskey and beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i 'm being honest , i 've never been inside , yet managed drinks here on two separate occasions ! i will say that i like the amount of outdoor seating it has ... there is something about outdoor drinking that i like ... whether it is at night before trekking onto another watering hole or a midday drink . that being said , it would be nice to see something other than the betting place across the way . the drinks must 've been a reasonable price as the guy i was with at the time did n't seem to complain and let 's just say he keeps a tight budget . also like that while it is just down the street from where i usually stay , it is also near other bars and restaurants so it makes for a convenient stop on the drinking trail .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very traditional 40+ pub . lots of rooms and cozy corners so they are high chances to find place to seat even during crowdy weekends evenings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "expensive but good for after work drinks ! i went there a few times and usually meeting a few guys there who seem to like this place after a hard days of work . i noticed that compared to other edinburgh pubs the prices are quite high . again , this place seems to be more for the inner city bankers or tourists who do not care about spending \u00a35 on a wine glass . the place has two floors and i prefer the lower floor . its very cozy . it has its special corners where you can hide yourself away from the crowd . i would say it 's good for a first date . public , but not too public ! in the summer you are able to sit outside and enjoy a bit of `` sunshine '' . sometimes its getting so busy that the waiting time takes a bit longer than anticipated . there are massive tv 's on the wall - so definitely good for football watching . overall , a pub i like , but there are others i like more ... ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been coming to milne 's bar for as long as i remember . staff seem to be changing monthly . apart from that a good selection of ales and lagers . large selection of food . the place is a wee bit pricey as you can expect up rose street . when my wife and myself go shopping up town i frequent this place while my wife takes a wander round the shops . i have never seen any bother in this pub ever , a nice place to sit in the window and watch the world go by . i am sitting here now tuesday afternoon 21st january at 1:40 pm . quite busy for a tuesday afternoon . i will always come to milnes , nice relaxing place to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i waited ages to be served because the guy behind the bar was too busy talking to people sitting at the bar . i then asked for two gins and as i went to pay for it , the card machine asked if i 'd like to leave a gratuity . before i had a chance to decide , the barman pressed enter and said 'i 've just skipped that part ' . i told him that he just added a gratuity which he said he did n't . i was n't in the mood for arguing but two house gins came to \u00a39 . to cap off an unpleasant experience , the mens toilet was disgusting . with one of the urinals blocked and nearly overflowing , and the rest of the toilet was just in need of a good clean .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good quality pub grub , in edinburgh 's famous literary pub . we summed it up : `` if you 're after a spot of traditional pub grub , milne 's is a very good place to sample it . it consistently delivers an excellent range of hearty dishes that are guaranteed to please . we look forward to that fish finger sandwich on our next visit . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of many pubs on edinburgh 's famous rose street . milne 's bar is famous due to its literary connections . several famous scottish poets are said to have frequented this watering hole in days gone by , including hugh macdairmid , edwin morgan , norman macgaig , sydney goodsir smith and hamish henderson . the pub itself is of the traditional type but has no really outstanding architectural features . pleasant enough atmosphere , real ales are served and food is an option . there is seating outside for the summer months .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in for a pint and a bite to eat on a saturday night . the pub was crowded , but not too loud . live music was starting up in the upstairs as we readied to leave . the ale pours were below average - not sure whether it 's their ales or what they use to wash their pint glasses but my creamy top dissipated within a minute or two of the pour . the boar sausage roll and ham croquettes were pretty nasty and not very appetizing ( or good ) . i liked the various nooks and the lower level but the staff was average at best , and not overly friendly . if you 're looking for a great pub to be a regular at , keep looking ... . not one of my favorites .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always pop in here for some lunch , the foods good , not large portions and a good selection of drinks , the staff are on the ball and even when the place is buzzing the service was spot on . but one criticism - pet hate . i hate the idea of take your table number to the bar and pay for your order upfront , sure for drinks or if your outside ( brewers fare comes to mind ) it wont stop me from going back tho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "miles of rose street is a charming pub in an equally charming area just behind princes st . the pubs in this area are pretty upmarket , and milnes is no exception . it is more traditional in style than some of the pubs along this stretch , but old meets new in its decor . they have a hearty gastropub menu which is n't too over the top , and will undoubtedly suit most tastes . they have a good selection of booze and their prices are n't through the roof . staff are friendly and there 's a nice , relaxed but busy atmosphere most of the time . it 's a nice alternative to some of the stuffy `` traditional '' places on the royal mile , and an equally nice step out of the affected attitude of some of the `` style '' pubs and restaurants within the city centre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "milnes of rose street is another great wee pub in the fantastic rose street in edinburgh . milnes is pretty standard pub , but it is on two floors with ... wait for it ... two bars ! ! ! ! amazing . however , it also comes with the standard pub stained carpets and below average toilets . this pub stocks a wide range of different beers , ales and wines along with the usual spirit selection and so there is something here to suit everyone . milnes also serves the usual pub meals including pies , steak , soup and , my particular favourite , fish and chips , which had really well cooked fish and plenty of chips -always a bonus ! the prices are incredibly reasonable here too , with a large glass of house wine costing about five pounds , and most main meals in the six to seven pound region . the staff are always incredibly friendly and plentiful and there is always music playing in the background , giving it a lively and fun atmosphere - definitely a place to go for pre-drinks before a night out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a near-living room in the centre of edinburgh , milne 's suprises with its intimacy . this is a great place for a chat with a friend and to unwind . it 's not a tourist destination and it does n't try to be , yet it 's in the heart of auld reekie . the music , food menu and range of drinks is nothing memorable , so the reason to go is purely to chill out and unwind in the eye of the storm that is the city centre . nice touches like the fireplace , the old stone walls and the steps down to the entrance give a pleasing feel , but it 's hard to say anything other than this is a nice pub , and why not go after a heavy shopping session ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if ever i have to meet a visitor to edinburgh in the city centre , i 'll always recommend going to milne 's . i 've lost count of the number of heartfelt conversations and drunken rants i 've been privy to - and engaged in - in this classic scottish pub . home of a wide menu of real pub grub at prices that 'll let you continue shopping afterwards , a fine selection of whiskeys and wines , a roaring fire in the middle of the freezing edinburgh winter and full of intimate nooks and crannys for all those private conversations , this is one of those pubs that deserves its establishment status . the decor is both welcoming and unpretentious - an impressive feat with quotations and pictures of famous scottish writers hanging all around the walls . yet somehow , it manages to be informative instead of tacky . this is the real deal ; what the tourists are actually looking for when they think of celtic pub culture , but unfortunately what they so rarely see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unusually for an edinburgh establishment there are food ordering instructions in foreign languages on the tables . it stocks a decent number of ales in its two bar areas and is large enough not to get too busy too often despite its central location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've said it before . i think rose street might house my favourite pubs in edinburgh . i am never usually in the city for a wild night out so when i do my drinking in the daytime , i like a cosy , traditional place . milnes fits the bill rather well . the only complaint was that we ordered food and it took so long to come i actually complained , which i very , very rarely ever do unless i am very annoyed . this was one such occasion . the bar was not busy so there did n't seem to be a need for the wait , and when it finally did come it was n't the greatest pub grub i have ever had to be honest . i left a little bit disappointed but not adverse to go back and have a drink in the future . i really liked the cosy , warm feel of the place and despite my complaint the staff were really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's an ok place if you want to just come for a few drinks with friends and are looking for a pretty central location . food is typical pub-grub . service could often be better , but then you are right in `` tourist-city '' ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my first visit to pdq . i ordered the grilled chicken salad with blueberry-ginger vinaigrette salad dressing . the salad was on point . the dressing was tasty as well , however , i was a bit taken aback by its consistency which was thick and pasty-like . that aside , the restaurant has an array of drinks and i could not resist the vanilla coke for an afternoon thirst-quencher . the hand-washing station is stationed so that you have no excuse to avoid the spread of germs . btw , pdq stands for people dedicated to quality . needless to say , that was evident during our visit . we were consulted to ensure everything was well at our table and when we informed one staff member that the sweet tea was not sweetened , it was handled immediately . the staff are always cleaning up and tending to the restaurant and patrons . i look forward to visiting again . thank you pdq for a great restaurant experience . please open a location closer to my home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i say this place has the best fast food i 've ever tasted , however it 's too good to be called fast food . great , fresh food , great service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after riding past pdq so many times , i was finally able to visit this restaurant . simply put , it was amazing , mainly because of the service . the food was amazing too though . i ordered chicken strips , and while they were a bit pricey , i enjoyed them . i wish i would have gotten more fries with my order , and believe i should have gotten more . however , the food was great nonetheless . employees working at this location were great . that is probably the only word i can sum them up as . they were so friendly and helpful , and made me extremely glad i finally visited this restaurant . i can not wait to go back . i love the atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can probably do my review simply on the apple 's and toffee dip alone as i come here frequently for the toffee dip only ... .i am completely addicted to it , i may get 5 to 10 mini cups a week and just grab a bag of apples from the grocery store . if you have n't tried the dip , you 're really missing out on the best menu item in my opinion . sure i love the zucchini fries , the tenders are pretty good , and the creamy garlic sauce is probably my fav , but the toffee dip gives me life ! give it a try ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say i ca n't wait to go back.. starving and did n't just want to eat anything . i notice a review from my follow elite debra.. she mentioned how she loves the club cali.. grilled chicken sandwich with avocado , bacon and a big chunk of lettuce . so this sound good . why not since i 'm in the area . i pulled to the menu screen expect to order there . well no . you pull up a little farther to talk to an actual human being . i was shocked.. i then placed my order . pick up my food at the next window . boy , the sandwich is good . the fries is a meh . i have had better . but the sandwich is not heavy . chicken is well season . the avocado is fresh , lettuce is plentiful and the packaging is awesome . i 'm hooked !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best new fast food concept and it started in the lkn area . the tenders are great , milkshakes are very good as well . the new layout is great . i have also visited the raleigh location and seems to be very consistent customer service across all the board , excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i how fresh the food tastes here ! we came here last weekend as my roommate had a pdq craving . got here late so there was n't a line . the menu is short , sweet and simple.. i got the grilled chicken salad and wow i was surprised at how satisfying it was . the crunchy almond bits are my favorite . the blueberry ginger dressing sounds weird but pairs very well with the seasoned grilled chicken for a perfect savory and sweet meal . we will definitely be coming back , especially for half priced milkshakes from 3-5p everyday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a hard time being a critic to this place . it is really good clean place to eat . here are so pros and cons . pros + food comes out fast + sometimes announcers are funny when announcing your name to get your food + they have 2 of those coke machines with a bunch of flavors ! ! + super clean + food tastes great ! + awesome sauces + sports on all tv ! ! ! cons - when there is no school , this place is super busy , omg - no beer ... lol i recommend eating here . a great place for fast good food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "busy ... lunch crowd they make killer chicken `` strips '' at least its not mystery meat . good location next to twin peaks at concord mills seems to be a busy busy area as of late 4 bars added . a adam and eve and hotels just down the road what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to be my only 5 star review of a `` fast food '' place . its just higher quality food . i normally opt for a chicken tender salad as i do feel a little guilty about always ordering fried food when here . the salad greens are fresh . the tenders are just amazing . the honey mustard dressing even seems better than any other fast food place . for under $ 7 , its just a great deal i ca n't pass up if i 'm around one of these places . bottom line is , they 've set a new bar in self service quick dining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this place 10 stars i would ! it is so good . such a cool concept . they only serve poultry , but unlike another chicken only fast food place , they have turkey too . all fresh , nothing frozen . great family restaurant . fast food but tastes nothing like fast food . everything is made to order . the employees are super friendly . if it 's raining they 'll even offer to walk you to your car with a huge pdq umbrella . pdq stands for people dedicated to quality and they definitely are ! the food is delicious , great sandwiches , chicken fingers , fresh cut fries , milkshakes with huge straws and salads . we make a stop here at least once a week for an easy lunch or dinner or just for a milkshake . once you eat here you 'll be saying chick-fil-who ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! extremely fast , puts a traditional fatty food joint to shame .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good but service is slipping . i ordered 3 chicken tenders only with the garlic sauce . i received the chicken tenders , but not the sauce .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a very strange name for a chicken tender joint , but pdq stands for people dedicated to quality . i wonder if a joint can sustain itself by just serving chicken tenders and fries . i guess they 're trying to model their business after in n ' out burger , which i love , but it did n't seem like they had a secret menu here . so , i just ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich served on a nice roll . i always pu pu chicken joints that make chicken sandwiches out of tenders vice a whole filet . they give you a generous amount of shoestring sized fresh cut fries to go with the entree , and the fries were good . chicken tender basket only comes with 2 tenders . walking in , they have a sink right by the counter where people can wash their hands , so there seems to be a big push on cleanliness with this joint . plenty of ice tea options and they also had two of those mega smart screen soda dispensers . milk shakes 1 2 off during off hours , and they were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for the first time tonight and was not disappointed ! the food is pretty cheap and tasty . i ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with fries and my boyfriend ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries . i really liked them both except for the fact that the pickles on my sandwich tasted more like cucumbers to me . everyone was really friendly and the food came out very fast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food waay better than expected . this is real food from what i expected to be a fast food joint . we 'll be back . service we 've only done the drive thru , but it has been very quick every single time . staff is friendly and knows their stuff . value great value . bottom line if you want real food real quick - this is your spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live about a mile from this pdq at concord mills ... ... lucky ! why are we lucky to have yet , another chicken tender joint you ask ? the answer is in the ingredients . pdq uses the same ingredients that i would use at home . they make everything fresh ... everything . when you go thru the drive-thru you can see the youngsters pressing out fries on a medieval looking gadget . salads and sandwiches are on the menu as well . i have yet to try a sandwich but i have eaten the chicken caesar salad with grilled chicken ... ..huge and delicious ! do yourself a favor and finish off with a shake , nothing short of great . this place is sure to be a hit with this area , i know it is with my family . bottom line ... .while you are out braving the mall , stop in and fill up on the goodness that is pdq .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought this place was great and refreshing for a better quality fast food place . the place was very clean and service was good . the zucchini fries are delicious and they also support sandwiches without the bun and using lettuce . i had a cali club chicken sandwich with lettuce which was good . it would had probably been better if i tried one of the dipping sauces . the salads also came out nice and my mother tried one with a blueberry vinaigrette . they also have some turkey burgers . their french fries are good too ! a nice variety of food on their menu and would love to try their chicken tenders in the future ! they have a nice variety of sauces and offer a generous amount ! i 'd certainly come back if there was a closed pdq near me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've given it several chances , but it just is n't worth it . there is absolutely nothing for vegetarians on the menu . how hard is it to make a grilled cheese ? ? i asked at the register and made a suggestion to a staff member who asked if there was anything about our experience that could be improved . both literally shrugged and me and offered no `` sorry '' or `` i 'll mention it to management '' . i can pay a lot less for a bland salad elsewhere . no thanks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoy eating at this restaurant since their menu offers something a little different than other restaurants . today i had the cali club ( grilled chicken with ranch , bacon , avocado , lettuce , and tomato ) with a side of zucchini fries . most of the time i get the grilled turkey breast sandwich ( grilled turkey with traditional spices , mayo , lettuce , and cranberry ) which is like something you 'd eat at thanksgiving . their sauces and dressings are made in-house . the food is pretty good . today the cashier and other employees were very polite . they had someone working the dining room keeping the tables clean . the place looked really clean . the posted sanitation grade was a 98 ! i really like eating at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sooooo good ! i suggest their honey chicken sandwich . seriously the best chicken sandwich i 've ever had . the people are always super nice and for it being fast food it really does taste fresh . it 's a little more expensive - a full meal runs about 10 bucks but it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not incredibly impressed . very over priced and a menu far more limited than i expected . during my first encounter i was served a chicken sandwich with bad lettuce and when i asked for an ice water i was charged . yep , that 's right folks , dasani on tap ! so when you order water you pay the same price you would for a soda . seriously ? my second visit was a little better but the chicken still is n't anything spectacular . i was impressed with their house made bbq sauce . that , and that alone , would be the only reason i 'd ever return . `` bbq sauce to go please ! '' as a self proclaimed milkshake connoisseur , i was even let down on that front . boo for pdq !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fast food poultry at it 's finest . this small chain dots the carolina 's and is a welcome change from the usual golden arches . they only offer chicken and turkey but everything i 've had has been very good . their homemade sauces are delicious and so are their teas . i 've had their salads , their tenders and their turkey and cranberry sandwich . i would highly recommend all of them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is so-so . fries are pretty good . i like the fact it 's so clean and staff seems nice . they did forget to put my side with my meal so had to go back up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let 's start at the beginning . this is n't chick-fil-a . but that does n't mean that it is bad , either . in fact , it 's quite tasty - it is n't quite fast food , and it is n't quite fast casual either , instead it 's that somewhere in-between . where on the burger side , you have places like freddy 's , five guys and smashburger , chicken has oddly been left out . no longer , as now you have pdq , offering up a healthier take . okay , it 's probably not a lot healthier , but it certainly seems to be a lot better than kfc or popeyes ( and yes , perhaps even cfa ) . the place is warm and inviting , service is friendly , and it 's worth a look if you 're stuck in the nightmarish traffic around concord mills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chicken sandwiches are good , and we love the zucchini fries ! the kids love the chicken nuggets , and fries ! 4 stars because it is a bit pricey , and menu is small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loooooooove pdq . i always crave it after church on sunday so i go through the drive-thru or go inside . i get the crispy chicken sandwich without mayo , add ranch . ( their homemade ranch is amazing - i get a side for my fries too ) . their fries are fantastic - seasoning is perfect and just the right size . definitely helps that they have the coca-cola freestyle machine . definitely recommend ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . chicken is chicken . service was excellent . got my meal pretty darn quick ! ha ! ordered the cali sandwich . good sandwich . fresh avocado . chicken was nice and tender . it 's not chick-fil-a , but it 's definitely not kfc . they do seem to have a little more variety than chick-fil-a though . but then again , how many different ways can you serve chicken ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast and fresh . always clean it can get really busy and they 're still fast our food is always hot the staff is friendly there are so many things i like . they have a sink to wash your hands . the drinks are self service and you can get lemon , lids , and straws right there you can watch them coat the chicken right in front of your eyes the kitchen is open so you can see what is going on lots of seating and always someone cleaning both the inside and the drive through are fast fresh choice in food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "today i made my first and second trip to pdq and know there will be more to come ! the best thing about the restaurant is that it is clean ( sanitation score was a 99 ) ! when you enter its not entirely clear where you 're supposed to go to order , but the layout is very open and bright . jordan had the grilled chicken sandwich and i the grilled turkey . the food was fresh and did n't taste like your average mickey d 's sandwich . the fries were shoe string style ( not my favorite ) , but they were seasoned well . my absolute favorite thing and the reason i made a second trip to pdq was for the fresh lemonade ! the lemonade was so tart but so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pdq has quality food and excellent customer service . you can tell they care about the needs of the customer . the staff takes the time to make sure your order is correct , and you receive fresh food that is hot . i do wish they give you a little bit more food , but pdq makes up for it with the service excellent approach .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's your average chickens trip joint . however , they have no flavor . i ordered the crispy chicken salad and fried zucchini . thank goodness they have sauces to dip in because the chicken and the fried zucchini flower is bland . i was shocked because i could physically see the seasonings in the batter . i 'm not sure if this was a one off ? positive , is they make your food fresh and the chicken is never frozen . however , if you want full flavor this is not the place for you . i must say the staff was very professional and nice . i had no issue with the service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the little for find is great . i 'm in love with the quality of the food . the chicken is nicely seasoned and the portion sizes are nice . they have unique sauce and i just love the garlic one . i always finish it up with the apples with the carmel sauce omgoodness i can taste it now . if you have gone to 131 main and had there chicken fingers they are the same . i go here every chance i have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the 3 tender meal with zucchini fries , i have never had such amazing thick plump fresh chicken ever before ! the honey mustard sauce was super and they are generous if you want more . the zucchini fries were better than any french fries i have had . they were so flavorful that i did n't even dip them in the honey mustard or ketchup . service was very quick . lots of cute men here too ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the crispy turkey sandwich with sweet heat sauce , awesome ! ! ! the granny smith apples with toffee dip is addicting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent chicken fingers , fries and salads . fast service and clean . entire family a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service ! rarely do i have a memorable experience grabbing something quick and going through the drivethru but eden was inviting and very friendly . i apologize for not recalling his name but the gentleman at the second window was awesome too . tenders were fresh and the bleu cheese sauce was on point . tried the blueberry coleslaw which was awesome and refreshing on a hot day . definitely have a limited menu but as they say , it 's better to be the ace of one rather than the jack of all . good job pdq , i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here , and i was pretty impressed . i had the crispy chicken sandwich , my boyfriend had tenders and my daughter also had tenders . my sandwich was delicious . pretty big size of chicken breast , and the portion of fries was perfect . the tenders were great for my daughter , but size wise were not good for an adult . they were tasty non the less . only true complaints were the size of the tenders which were perfect size for kids and the fries . they needed to be more crispy . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chicken for a great price . staff is super polite and efficient . wish there were more of these around the charlotte area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just love pdq . we do not live remotely close by , but i will make up any excuse to be close enough to stop in . chicken is awesome . salads are fresh and tasty . fries are fresh cut ( as all fries should be ) . the sauces are just incredible . the honey mustard is the best anywhere and i crave the creamy garlic . great service and the place is always very clean . the only thing i 'm on the fence about with this location is that the fries are not consistent . one visit they are over cooked , the next they are undercooked . sometimes they are just right and when they are , they are the best anywhere ! tenders ( in mooresville ) , the flagship of this chain , gets the fries right every single time , so i know it 's possible . there is a definite flaw somewhere in the process here and that 's the only reason for four vs , five stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best chicken cesar salad around . make sure you get the dressing mixed in . it is on particular with expenses restaurants . fast service too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to eat in concord , nc . it is very quick and the staff is super friendly ! this is always a go to when i 'm in town and it never disappoints , it is a little more on the pricey side of fast food however . you will not be disappointed if you stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found a great place for a quick meal during lunch or dinner . looking forward to going back . 12 2015 - still my favorite . the food is alway freshly made and hot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten here two different times now and food was great . i ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries.. both delicious ! ! the second time i ordered the tenders and fry 's , once again both great . there homemade dipping sauces are what makes this place even better . i tried a milkshake the second time which was good , but i have had better . i will come here again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way overrated . great staff considering they have twice the available staff of any similar restaurant . so , no surprise everyone is able to dote and spend time with each customer . the food is ok at best . over seasoned and took too long considering we are talking about burgers and fries . not enough healthy food choices . bathrooms and overall restaurant were generally clean . dollar for dollar i will not be back after my two visits .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick lunch with the hubby and pdq is always a good choice . its always clean and quick ! we are always greeted warmly by the cashier . we both had the four-piece meal combo which is very filling . i did notice this time that the name of my favorite sauce , sweet heat , had changed . i guess taco bell purchased the name and pdq can no longer use it . who knew ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped here for the first time today . the place is very clean and the staff was very friendly . i had a 3 piece tenders meal to go with fries . the fries were awesome ! the tenders were really good too but i was a little disappointed because they forgot to give me my sauce and i did n't check before i left . the tenders were nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked though . i would definitely eat there again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing . have been there on at least three or four occasions and find the food to be at best okay . i have tried the grilled chicken tenders and the grilled chicken sandwich , and did not finish either . the salads on the other hand are really good until you put chicken on them , there chicken just does not measure up to the other places around like zaxby 's and a few others , just tasteless . on one visit i found the food to be so distasteful that i complained to the manager , he gave me for free dinner passes that i do not plan to use .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great easy lunch . nice to find something different in a fast food chain . service was great . tea was perfect , blueberry salad and turkey sandwich were great . management had everything under control during a packed lunch", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally gave this place a try ! it was ok - the fries were a little more greasy and stringy than i expected but honestly i did n't know what to expect since i 've never been here before . haha . the service was very nice . i think it 's a little overpriced for my taste but otherwise was n't bad . would be interested to try their shakes . maybe next time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to this location several times . every time the staff is friendly and the food is hot and fresh . their fries are the `` skinny '' kind . they cut the potatoes in store . so good ! i 've had their grilled chicken sandwiches , fries and grilled salads . all are very good . try the granny smith apple slices with their caramel sauce . you wo n't be disappointed unfortunately their sanitation rating has dropped to 92.5 . that is a little too low for me . i would have given 5 stars if it was n't for their low sanitation rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these people have the most tasty , juicy , fresh chicken i 've ever had ! puts chickfila to shame ! try their tenders with some garlic aioli sauce -- -ridiculously good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the fast service and the quality of the food . hormone free meats , no frozen foods , friendly staff . they also have herbal infused sweet tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the freshest salads to be considered within the fast food arena . my favorite is chicken salad add candied almonds and craisins . and oh boy , those fries will get you in trouble - delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good place for a quick lunch . the hubs had a crispy turkey sandwich and fries . i had the crispy chicken salad . both were great . my salad greens were cool and fresh and the chicken was hot and tasty . the bite or three i had of his sandwich was surprisingly good ! never had crispy turkey before but it was really good . staff were friendly . bathroom was clean . no complaints . tv playing espn ( which made the hubs happy ) . overall a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having recently moved in the area , my fianc\u00e9 and i were looking for something quick ( read : fast food ) . i fired up yelp , and this place came up with it 's shiny rating . looked up some reviews and we had made our decision . we happened to be here at the wrong time though . sunday for lunch , which means the place was jam-packed with people grabbing a bite after church . i ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with fries and my fianc\u00e9 got the grilled turkey sandwich with a side of blueberry coleslaw . both our sandwiches were delicious ! at first i was skeptical of the blueberry coleslaw and the turkey sandwich but i soon got over it as i swapped my lunch for his . the turkey sandwich comes with cranberry sauce ( mmm , thanksgiving dinner ! ) and the blueberry coleslaw is out of this world . they also have the fancy soda machine that has a million choices . the guy announcing people 's names for orders was particularly entertaining . i suspect he worked as a commentator for some stadium or something .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick lunch before doing some shopping at the mills . the service was fast ... tenders crispy ... tea sweet . loved the creamy garlic and sweet heat sauce . will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent chicken fingers , very fresh , and they have a few different sauces to dip your tenders in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is only average and the dining room is always loud when i 've visited . not appealing for the price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered the fried turkey sandwich . it tasted of burnt oil . very disappointing . i will probably try the restaurant again and order the chicken tenders !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped & wanted something fast but good , had never herd of this place . very surprised great ! place . hope to see one in the lynchburg , va area soon . the chicken seemed to be fresh and not frozen great little place . good prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . my first time trying . got three tender meal with buffalo blue cheese sauce ... . yummy ! fries are homemade and are delicious . only reason for 4 stars is that my meal was $ 8 . that 's a little over $ 1 more than what you would pay at chickfila . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first trip here , i do have to say i 'm pretty impressed at what i saw . the staff was very nice , hospitable and pleasant . the restaurant itself was brightly lit due to the windows in the restaurant . the interior has a very modern feel to it . my friends and i had ordered the spicy buffalo tender sandwich that came with the fresh cut fries . the sandwich and fries tasted great and done just right . the buffalo sauce had just the right consistency of a spiciness and sourness . the best thing i liked about the meal was the sauces that they gave you , i tried the creamy garlic sauce which was between ranch and honey mustard but still very good considering the fact that it was home made", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so maybe i 'm being harsh on my complaints but i had 2 . # 1 ... .fries ... they were good but not memorable ... kinda like 5 guys fries just mcdonalds size ... # 2 sauce ... .they r great ... amazing ... full of flavor ! ! ! ! well from the one sauce i got in a communion cup that if i dipped my pinky finger in to sample that would be all i had . share the sauce ! ! ! they r very tasty ! ! ! now ... .dinning area at lunch mind u was spotless ... food was fast and staff was amazingly friendly ! ! ! congrats pdq that 's hard to accomplish ! chicken well is chicken but it 's done very well and if every time i go i just have to ask for extra sauces then so be it ! great place for a quick quality sit eat and run lunch . way to go pdq ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buffalo blue sandwich is my favorite ! especially with ranch on the side to dip it in ! this place has the best ranch on the planet ! ! ! ! ! ! the zucchini fries are amazing and totally worth the up charge to have it as your side !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love pdq ... food is always good and service is great . we went yesterday and i got sweet sriracha with my meal . the manager came around asking how everything was and i said the sauce tasted funny ... . he went back to the kitchen , tried it , said they had forgotten the sugar , and made me a completely new batch ! he even offered to send me home with an extra meal so i could enjoy the sauce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place to eat . the salad is fresh made , large and delicious . the fries are wonderful . the service is great everything is first class . i like eating here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average food served in a nice environment . fast service and very clean . the quality of the food is good as well . however , the food is overpriced and for the most part , quite bland . the best food here that i 've had were chicken tenders with one of their very good sauces , but i 'd much rather go to wendy 's , chick-fil-a , or zaxby 's for less money . i live two minutes away and will drive right past it every time . if they improved their food or lowered their prices , i would be a regular here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pdq : pennies , dimes , quarters - make sure you have enough when you visit . food value not the best : meals are good , but not worth the high price charged . on other hand , had a group gathering here - worked out great . they have a separate , slightly quieter sun room that was perfect for a large group . great staff - very personable , accommodating , and fun . now the milkshakes : yum ! the good thing is , if you hit a kannapolis intimidators game right , you 'll get a free milkshake at pdq , so keep that in mind during summer months and check your ticket stub . clean and fast . glad you 're in concord , pdq !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great chicken sandwiches and salads . it 's hard to believe this place is considered fast-food with the quality they offer", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their shakes and their homemade sauces . they really need to bottle them and sell . the fries are awesome but i think the chicken is just ok . i wish they had more specials or coupons . kids love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "review 2 : oct 1 , 2015. went for dinner . ordered grilled chicken salad with blueberry dressing . good as usual but again ... fries were nasty . why ? can someone please explain despite of your fresh fries making process ( operating manager of pdq called it ) is not working ? nasty . why ? i saw one customer asking for fresh ones so they had to make a new batch . i really think they are mixing new ones with stale ones . please fit it . review 1 : i gave 4 stars because 1 out of 5 times they get my order wrong . wrong salad dressing or missing something like dipping sauce , etc . i am not sure what it is they are 2 percent short from being 5 star . fries are normally good . again there is about 20 percent chance that it may not be fresh . overall they keep the restaurant clean and friendly staff . most of them are teenagers . love grilled chicken salad with blue berry dressing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shocked at how good it was ... decided to try something new , had the crispy chicken sandwich and fries and also a chicken strip order . sauce : chipotle bbq - very good , definitely get again . the chicken was extremely moist , perfectly crispy . they put 4 pickles on the sandwich , equally distributed ... amazing . love pickles and loved the attention to detail here . the pickles were also thicker than your standard fast food pickle . the bun was great , an egg bun ? ? no clue what makes it different but it was delicious . fries : loved the shoe string type fries ( not normally a fan , but it was a nice change from a standard fry , not as filling ) . as a chick fil a die hard , i will go out on a limb and say that pdq could put chick fil a out of business if they wanted to . it was really that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good fries , but the sandwiches are alright , i would rather have chick-fil-a . also , way overpriced !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great tenders but the fries were soft and cold . overall i find the food to be better at their cornelius location . the coke machine was out of 75 % of its flavors . the tender quality saves a 3 star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good ... did n't even miss chick-fil-a being closed today . the sandwiches and tenders were fresh and hot , the dipping sauces delicious and the staff very friendly and accomodating . no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eaten here at least 3 times , but sorry , i just do n't think the chicken is that good . it 's too tough . once bit into some grissel in a chicken sandwich . fries are too skinny and greasy . for the price , you do n't get much . i do n't hold out much hope for this place considering there is a chick-fil-a and a kfc just down the road that consistently serve excellent chicken meals for good prices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very fast , friendly service ! ! the food is a bit pricier than say chick-fil-a , but it 's delicious ! the chicken nuggets are undoubtably fresh . they make their sauces daily , which is a plus . overall , a great place for some good chicken !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i begin ? pdq was one of those places i just tried for some quick meal . but i just couldnt believe how delicious the food was . i can only put it this way . pdq is my new favorite chicken spot . move over kfc , pdq is so much better ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! small menu but it gets the people in and out which is great ! food is great and cheap and the managers are funny and friendly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these gents have capitalized on the `` fresh '' movement . great at fresh never frozen hand breaded chicken and turkey ! watch out chick filet , your competition is at the door ! they would own the market if they could do organic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . very friendly staff . the food is so fresh . best tenders i 've had . the lemonade is also good and sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very inconsistent , sadly because it can be pretty good , but on almost every visit , some part of the order is very old , barely warm . on almost every visit have to hunt for clean table , but almost never see tables or floor being cleaned . no customer contact from staff , they just stand behind counter and call out orders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update i was contacted by the district manage , he requested my address . a few weeks later i received about 9 coupons good for 3 chicken tenders , a sandwich or a salad . i appreciate that they finally made and effort , however , for me it was a little to late . i gave the coupons to my daughter for her and her fiance . i 'll stick with my new found concord favorite steak n ' shake !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love pdq it 's delicious i love that they have fresh lemons for their tea ! the food is always fresh and the service is always fast ! this is by far the best fast food around even my kids like it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "basically a fast food chicken joint instead of a fast food burger joint . i had the salad with fried chicken strips . it was fine - nothing outstanding . i asked for the chicken on the side and had no problems with that . iced tea as really good . i asked about the zucchini fries- the server , jeremy , gave me a generous sample . i had never eaten fried zucchini at a restaurant before but these were so good ! no real complaints except the music , though good , was extremely loud ! ! ! it was not difficult to find a clean table- a real plus ! so , adequate menu if you you are craving chicken ; clean surroundings ; polite , helpful server . only dislikes were the volume of the music plus there was no bread , no crackers croutons for the salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their chicken salad with the blueberry vinaigrette is everything ! ! ! ! very healthy and easy to log on myfitnesspal for those tracking their calories and macros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess the newness has worn off . tenders are just ok , fries ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you ca n't go wrong here . they are better than chick fil a in my opinion . their sauces are so good ( try the honey mustard ) and their fries are fantastic . i always get the green tea and the cookies are n't bad either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for the first time today . great place ! manager was super nice , service was fast , and restaurant was very clean with a bright , airy feel to it . i got the honey butter chicken sandwich . it was ok , but i might would try a different one next time as it was kind of bland , but that is more my taste buds than a reflection on the sandwich . my wife got the chicken tenders and they were excellent . the dipping sauces were all good , but the creamy garlic was my favorite ( not real garlicky and goes great with chicken tenders and the fries . be sure to try the apple slices with toffee dip for a fantastic summery dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cleanliness has went downhill since we last came . 92.5 sanitation score . we ordered 20 tenders and they were anything but hot or fresh . we will continue going to the huntersville location from now on and skip this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been here twice with our 3 kids . first time we were not impressed and same thing for the second and probably last time . this place is overhyped . many of the kids tenders had tendons making them hard to eat . the chicken sandwich was ok , but not great . again i do n't understand the hype . they did n't even have regular milk for kids meals , only yoohoo . we will stick with cfa .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the grilled chicken salad and indulged in fries . the salad was fresh and the vinaigrette flavorful . the honey mustard and creamy garlic was used for my fries and it was soooo good . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried this place for the first time and i was very disappointed . i order the combo which includes small soda , chicken strips , and fries . it was awful and way overprice . for $ 7.50 i received 3 small unseasoned , burnt chicken strips , burnt french fries , and a soda . i twitted this place and no response . i highly suggest for consumer not ... never ever go to this place . you can get a full meal that is more delicious than this place . seriously ! $ 7.50 not including tax for just 3 chicken strip . no wonder you do n't get more customers driving by .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich war leider noch nie in diesem hotel , aber ich habe es schon gebucht ( mit sp\u00e4tanreise ) . \u00fcber ein online hotel reservierungssystem . das problem : auf dem ausdruck des reservierungssystems standen deutlich die \u00f6ffnungszeiten der rezeption . mo-so 8-22 uhr . klein drunter war dann zu lesen , dass diese montags nur bis 20 ge\u00f6ffnet ist . das hab ich nicht gelesen und das war mein verh\u00e4ngnis . ich habe dann am n\u00e4chsten morgen angerufen und gefragt , ob man sich beim preis wenigstens einigen k\u00f6nnte . ich wurde sehr unfreundlich darauf hingewiesen , dass ich 80 % des vollen preises zahlen m\u00fcsste , immerhin h\u00e4tte man ja auf mich bis um 20.30 uhr gewartet . h\u00e4tte man mich da nicht mal kurz anrufen k\u00f6nnen ? ? sicherlich bin ich auch an dem problem schuld , aber die art und weise hat mich ziemlich ge\u00e4rgert . ich werde dieses hotel sicherlich nicht mehr buchen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zum hotel kann ich nichts sagen , aber das essen ist spitze ! sicher eines der besten restaurants in cannstatt . da kann h\u00f6chstens der ackerb\u00fcrger und wenistube pfund mithalten . abzug gabs f\u00fcr die sehr lange wartezeit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die zimmer sind das geld wirklich nicht wert . singlezimmer haben nicht mal 10 qm und sehen aus wie in einer studentenbude . es gibt keine t\u00fbr zum badezimmer , nur einen vorhang . f\u00fcr w-lan verlangt man 5 euro ( frechheit ! ) . der tisch im zimmer ist so klein , dass mein laptop nicht drauf passt und ich nachher im bett arbeiten muss . der garantierte obstkorb besteht aus 2 alten \u00e4pfeln.. ich f\u00fchl mich echt get\u00e3uscht und bin ziemlich angefressen . zumal direkt nach buchung eine stornogeb\u00fchr von 140 euro f\u00e4llig geworden w\u00e4re . auch wenn das personal sehr nett ist , sind die zimmer das geld nicht wert und eine zumutung wenn man nach 10 stunden seminar geben erholung sucht .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich erlebte schw\u00e4bische gastlichkeit , excelente k\u00fcche von volker krehl zu einem fairen preis . das schw\u00e4bische men\u00fc aus hokaido k\u00fcrbiss\u00fcpple , gebeiztem rehbr\u00e4tle in wacholderrahmso\u00dfe mit speckrosenkohl und preiselbeerbirne mit tollen selbstgemachten sp\u00e4tzle waren klasse , ebenso das apfelbeignets in zimt-zucker auf bourbon-vanilleso\u00dfe . den passenden wein auf empfehlung von birgit krehl\u00b4s liebevoll gestalteter fast 200 seiten starker weinkarte zu finden , war nicht schwer . ein perfekter liebevoller service machte den abend vollkomen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely excellent experience at this charming family-run restaurant and gasthaus warmly welcomed . rooms scrupulously clean ( and we germans appreciate that ) . price with breakfast was more than reasonable for a single with its own bathroom . i had 25 , the modern room , and slept like a baby . had dinner the first night on the patio . extensive wine list but you ca n't go wrong with the wines by the glass -- the trollinger mit lemberger was superb . dinner was unhurried , our server was charming nd the owner checked in on us to make sure we were happy . breakfast was thing that dreams are made of . everything you can imagine-bread , cheese , meats , fruits , salads , cereals , eggs and a mind-boggling selection of teas and fresh juices . we were n't hungry either day until dinner rolled around neighborhood safe and clean . parking always a challenge in a city but circle the block-you should find a spot . just a few minutes walk to a park and a local biergarten and only about 20 mon drive to the us installations", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum . they were at comicon this year and they sure were popular . i ordered an original pretzel with cheese sauce and a cinnamon sugar , both in the shape of a mustache of course . both absolutely delicious too ! each offered something different , sweet and savory flavors . they have other dipping sauces ( costs extra ) but worth it since the pretzels are freshly baked and fun to eat . my total was around $ 10 but the novelty of eating a mustache pretzel is unrivaled . these folks got a good thing going here ! check their website for the schedule of their stops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious soft pretzels in the form of mustaches , what 's not to love ? i have been a return customer to the mustache pretzel truck for the last 2 years . the only time i was disappointed was once when they were at a vegetarian festival and the pretzels just tasted different . otherwise all of my experiences have been great . i have only ever tried the original one , i would be open to trying the other ones , but i just enjoy the original so much ! one time i bought a mustache pretzel for my sister and it smelled so good i ate the entire thing before it could make it home to her . that says a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to be the worst pretzel i have ever had ... .it did n't even taste like a pretzel and the butter on top tasted sweet ... .the cheese sauce did n't help either ... ..it was obviously from a can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got the salted caramel nut pretzel and it was extremely good . this was the first time i have tried anything from this food-truck , and it wo n't be the last . very tasty and you can tell the ingredients are high-quality . if you 're thinking `` it 's just a pretzel '' you have to try it , it 's really extremely good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stocking all manner of novelty items , gim me gizmo is the kind of place you would make an impulse buy , be entertained by your purchase for approximately 5 minutes and then ponder why you even bought it in the first place . having said that , many of the items are good for stocking fillers or if you 're looking for something silly for a secret santa or the like . as soon as you walk in , you 're always greeted by some kind of flying contraption or walking , talking mechanical dog that usually has a crowd gathered around it . as the other reviewers have mentioned , as well as innocent items they also stock things of a more adult nature if you 're in the market for such things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a pretty decent place to come and have a play with the toys and gadgets , but that is about as far as i enjoy this place , i do n't see the point in buying many of the things in here as the novelty will wear off within the first couple of hours . so i tend to just come here and have fun with their toys , and leave . the store does make an effort to have demonstrations going on while you are on the shop with a member of staff attracting fellow shoppers with some sort of pointless gadget . some of the stuff here would be pretty good as a funny birthday or christmas present . they also have a 'naughty ' area at the back with some rude games and gadgets that would be a great gift for someone on a stag night out or on a hen night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going to fitness 247 for years now and would recommend it to anyone in the area looking to join a gym . your monthly membership includes access to the gym 24 7 , unlimited tanning , daycare , and group fitness classes . there 's a lot of equipment and many tanning beds . it is always very clean . there are also many different fitness classes available . they are offered at all different times from the early morning until the late evening 7 days a week . i highly recommend joining this gym !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here late night on a saturday while on the road . i was n't expecting much being next to a hotel . i was pleasantly surprised ! i had the steak sandwich and fries with a bowl of chili . everything was excellent ! all you can eat prime rib on saturday night ? i 'm in ! the food got out to us fast and our waitress was johnny on the spot ! if i did n't live 120 miles away i 'd be a fixture at this place ! my only complaint about the roadside is their menus could use a good wiping down . if you want a great meal for a reasonable price please give this place a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the area on a motorcycle ride , read about the food and had to check it out . stopped in for the all you can eat prime rib . they serve you a melt in your mouth 16 ounce first and 7 ounce after . two of my brothers had the prime rib and 3 extra 7 ounce steak each . i think they almost ate all the prime rib in the house . the waiter was very good & informative of the food . if your in the area this is the place to go for great food and ambiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here for breakfast which is excellent . the menu items are just a bit different so you do n't encounter the `` same old same old '' . in search of a fish fry , tonight we tried two other places that were way too crowded for our liking and stopped here . same thing , completely full parking lot ! we went in and were seated immediately at 6pm . by 6:20 we were finishing up our fish dinner . they offer cod , bluegill , walleye and lake perch . the lake perch was excellent and you get plenty of it , 6 pieces ! the cod had a light batter , not heavy at all . great food and great service ! someday we might try the 82 oz bloody mary which has a corn dog , hamburger , wing & much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge variety of choices for everyone . if you ca n't find anything to like here , you must not like food . i got the cowboy steak with a loaded baked potato . this thing was big ( 16oz ) ! not bad for a bar that doubles as a restaurant and a restaurant that doubles as a bar . i would definitely come here again to try other things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is so-so ( shaved prime rib ) , the service is fine , and it is very noisy . the price was fair for what you get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the rodeside grill did an amazing job tonight ! we were incredibly impressed given our last experience . we were greeted and seated immediately . our drinks and starters came in a very timely manner . both our server and management were incredibly attentive . i had the stuffed chicken and my husband had the unlimited ribs . the food was great with generous portions . neither of us could finish our plates . my husband can not say enough about the ribs and chicken special , great flavor . we also enjoyed the creamy tomato basil soup . i particularly enjoyed the homemade ranch dressing . we splurged for the chocolate peanut butter cheesecake which was also amazing . i will certainly recommend this establishment to friends and family and i strongly foresee us returning in the near future . thank you rodeside team and management for listening to our feedback and turning it around ! i appreciate that service more than you know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had the `` heart attack '' scrambler . the best breakfast i 've had ! genuine chorizo made the dish . another winner , pete .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i chose the rib dinner which was a half rack with a choice of potato and salad or soup . the salad was okay a few of the leaves were lacking color but the veggies were really good inside of the salad . the half rack of ribs we 're very tasty and the meat fell right off the bone did n't even need to fight it with a knife . the sauce was had a tangy sweet taste and the garlic mashed potatoes we 're okay . i do n't think i 'll go back for the garlic mashed but i will go back for the ribs or anything else that was in the reviews before me . i did get a dessert to go the chocolate pudding cake but i have n't tried it yet . service was good there were tvs around to keep track of the sports or you could talk with others . it was not so noisy so you can hear each other . amazing how i pass by this everyday on my way to work and i 've never come here . now i know i can come here with confidence .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "traveling through wisconsin i needed to find some `` local '' food ... i found it here . i was able to order some really good fried cheese curds and some walleye . the young man who was the waiter desired some focus , but i think it was because the young girls looked much better than myself ; so i understand his attention span . overall , nice place to eat and the cheese curds were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a great stop on a road trip ! it 's clean , the staff are friendly and the prices are great ! my husband and i both got burgers with fries and a soda . we walked out with a tab under $ 25 . the bathroom could use an update but it 's clean . the chairs are n't the most comfortable but judging from the bar crowd , once you have a couple it does n't matter . would stop again to try different menu items as the burgers and fries were very good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprisingly delicious and authentic . stopped over for breakfast while over near the american center , and was very pleasantly surprised . jukebox , great corned-beef hash , and a delicious scrambler . healthy ? maybe not so much , but come on , that would n't be authentically diner would it ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service here and really good food . the dairy is from a local farm . i had the sassy cow cheese curds made with cheese from a local farm and the smokehouse burger . make sure you try their ranch , it 's also made in house . our server , roxy , was world class . docking 1 star because the fries were n't too tasty . the ranch definitely saved them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there was plenty of open tables , but we waited 15 minutes because they were so short on staff . we sat down and had to wait 10 more minutes for a menu . the waiter was professional and apologized for the wait , but they only had 2 waiters for a restaurant with over 50 tables . we have now waited another 60+ minutes and our food has not shown up . whatever the reason , this has not been an enjoyable experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i discovered roadside while house hunting in the area ... simply put ... good food , atmosphere and friendly and efficient service ! ! ! highly recommended ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rodeside generously supports waunakee 's project graduation after party with amazing items from their catering menu . terrific food . we appreciate your help in keeping our teenagers safe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was awesome and the food was really good . i had a biscuit that was a little hard , but mostly a great experience for me and my family . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the perfect roadtrip pit stop ! super friendly service ( he even gave us wonderful recommendations on where to go on our trip ! ) , delicious food and plenty of awesome local beers on tap ! we could n't have been happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is fantastic . the blackened salmon is hard to beat . i also enjoy the bacon wrapped tenderloin . for a delicious appetizer try the fiesta bruchetta , my favorite appetizer . service is fantastic , we particularly like lindsay . she is fabulous . she is able to take care of our needs and makes great suggestions from the menu . we have gone four weeks in a row and plan to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service , clean establishment , and fair prices . minus one star for inconsistent quality of food ( good 3 5 times )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped on a road trip , with the family . standard kid meal fare met with approval from the kids , my burger was juicy with well-cooked onions , and my wife enjoyed the tenderloin fajita wrap . service was friendly and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their burgers are really good and their service is even better . friendly ( but not overly ) and quick . strong drinks too : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to the rodeside grill for the first time for lunch today . the service was very fast and friendly . our waiter was amazing and was made sure we were well taken care of . both my husband and i ordered sandwiches with soup . him , the panini with three cheese tortellini soup and i had the bbq pork sandwich ( which was huge ) with chili . the soup was served with a warm roll . everything was very tasty and we will definitely be going back ! i already eyed up their breakfast menu ... .. they have an amazing big bloody mary that will knock your socks off . it is only served sat and sun but is well worth going in for . https : scontent.xx.fbcdn.net v t1.0-9 13267769_10154289619785555_2622894867340924069_n.jpg ? oh=0873eceda7646f4a5c9c1fc9c6833d6c & oe=57dace5b", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waiter 's crazily polite . i ordered the wrong thing and the waiter switched my dish with no second thoughts to cover my mistake . plus the wings , clam chowder and ribs are perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's nothing to brag about . the tables always feel dirty and the service is so slow . it 's nice if you just want to hang at the bar though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we broke down on the road and and eat here we had a very good meal . we would stop here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went tonight for friday night fish fry , they got our order wrong ( hash browns with cheese and onions when we ordered fries ? ? ? ) . it was fine , they brought us lukewarm fries , we piled the unwanted hashbrowns on a plate . my daughter 's burger that we ordered medium well was delivered medium rare , when asked to fix the waiter sighed and said he could throw it back on the grill . when we got our bill , we were charged for the cheese and onions that we did n't eat or want , we pointed it out to the waiter and when we got the final credit card receipt he had not changed it . life is too short to have so many mistakes that came with little apology or desire to remediate the problem . we wo n't be going back which is a bummer because it 's a 5 minute trek from our house . additionally the fish was not hot , fishy tasting and overall not good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate here for the first time and probably only time last night . had the all you can eat fish and chicken . the fish was okay but nothing special . the chicken was overcooked and very very dry . son had a pasta dish with chicken and he complained about the chicken having a weird taste . service was slow . asked for more fish , ten minutes later i had to remind him . second round of fish was worse than the first . maybe it had been sitting for a while because the server forgot about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is average , but for the prices they charge , it should be better . nice atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went for their friday night fish fry . atmosphere was very nice . fish was really good when it was hot but half of the pieces we received were clearly sitting for a while . also the chicken for their all you can eat special was not very fresh or hot . best part of dinner was the dessert . i had the new york cheesecake and my wife had the chocolate pudding cake . both were phenomenal . we will probably go back but would avoid the all you can eat items since it was very hit or miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i literally drive an hour to get here for monday night wings in the bar . great place , great staff , great atmosphere . wish i lived closer to try everything else on their menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first trip to rodeside grill resulted in some of the longest wait times we 've experienced . 45 minute wait for two meals ? ! i do n't think so . alas , the place was packed so we did n't want to write it off completely . the whole northwoods cabin vibe is just too quaint . we stopped by with the kids for brunch on new year 's eve day . we were literally one of two tables in the place . jackpot , we thought . there 's no way we 'd have a long wait this time around . we were very wrong . this time we waited over 30 minutes for four breakfasts meals , three of which were simply pancakes . sorry rodeside grill , you pulled us in with your convenient location and decor , but lost us on the just ok food and ridiculous wait times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "try the corned beef reuben ! ! ! ! ! ! we 're from minneapolis and i will miss this reuben : ( the corned beef was pot roast style , not sliced . so yummy ! our service was also fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always pleased.dale and i were there last night because we found a $ 2 off coupon for pasta.he loves pasta scarno.i hope i spelled that right.we always get a generous drink.another reason we like the place.always eat at the bar where others talk with us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does n't disappoint ! came again today for lunch ( late breakfast ) . i had the eggs , hash browns , pancakes- so yummy . well done . my wife had the bbq pork sandwich - amazing ! so good . great portions , great service , great prices . we need to come back more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very good and reasonably priced . our group of 6 all had different sandwiches , and everyone was happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and terrific food . staff was spot on and beer was cold . great pit stop on the way up north . if you live in the area , great place for a regular stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bar is okay and the atmosphere is nice . food is below average and pricey . our food was cold and when we commented on that the sever did n't seem to care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "met a client there for lunch and i thought the food was good . it is located right off the highway so it is easy to get to . there is a private lot which makes parking easy and they did have lots of options on the menu . i had the philly beef sandwich that was pretty good . the other plus is they have lots of daily specials every day . not sure when i would be back but i would not hesitate to bring a client there or eat lunch there if i found myself in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good bar and the food is ok not remarkable but good . portions sort of skimpy but they ar ealways expanding the menu . they do have a pretty good rib eye however but nothing else was that memorable . i will eat there again i 'm sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken wings and other appetizers are excellent . service is good but not always . they are very supportive of the local community so i like to support them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we chose the rodeside to cater our wedding . i have never had such good food at a wedding . everybody is still talking about it . i highly recommend pete and his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh . the corned beef was wayheyhey salty ! veggies and potatoes a bit bland . red wine was not aerated so was n't close to its true form . i know i know it 's a grill bar but if you 're going to serve it , serve it right or not at all . we were there with a group so it was nice to have the meeting room . service was okay but not stellar . i 'll probably stick to my pork sandwich i usually have next time and not try the special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant is awesome . food was great waitstaff was friendly . basically all you could ask for in a restaurant . i especially like the hometown atmosphere here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all excited about the tostadas . when i received them they were ice cold . the only reason for the three stars was the service was super friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was a good service restaraunt , stopped by in the area . nothing particular stood out but i would recommend if you are looking for a decent place , price , and dishes . its not my `` cup of tea '' since i do like extremely healthy options but i ca n't complain . i had a burger which is my weakness and it was more than filling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we used az powerwash pros before our move and could n't have been happier ! ! the quality of work was amazing and everyone we dealt with was friendly and professional . we will definitely be using them again and would highly recommend this company to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they came out 2x to strip old surface off our pool to get it ready for sale and then to reseal it with a nice shine so we can sell it . horrible experience with a horrible company . the decking looks horrible and they completely stripped all the texture off our kiva fireplace and bbq island . horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1st time homeowner and when we first moved in we immediately were notified by our hoa to remove a huge oil stain . for 6 months we tired so many products but the stain was set into the concrete . we took a chance on this company- they were very friendly and quick to set up an appointment for the very next day . albert was awesome ! he came promptly , answered all my questions and made suggestions to maintain the driveway . the main stain is n't completely gone because it was there long before we moved in and you will see it more while wet but it looks a 100x better . just in case you want to know they use a 3500 psi power washer which is about $ 400-500 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! thank you for the great special ! looking forward to there service ! storage looks clean and well kept !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is 5th time in my life i have used a self storage unit . needless to say i have experience . this is the worst experience i have ever had . i have received misinformation more than once . the employee in question seems to get off telling me that they will sell my stuff while i 'm trying to get my rent caught up . car accident , a fall and now cancer have been setbacks . do n't put your belongings in this self storage unit . they wo n't work with you , they just use scare tactics on the disabled . not cool , not humane . go to public storage they are decent people and better priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customoer service and very clean storage . they had a great special and took advantage of it ... so far so good ... no problems what so ever ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . clean location . clean trucks . closed from 12pm -2pm . not sure why they would have a 1 star rating", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been ordering with rick shaws for some time now . i ordered last weekend for a collection and got a starter for free . when i went in to pick it up i was able to see into the kitchen and they have a 4 seperate kitchens in the one big kitchen with two or three chefs for each one . i dont order from anywhere else now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this central edinburgh ( causewayside is a 20 minute walk from the centre of town ) takeaway provides food based upon the cuisine of four nations india , thailand , italy and chinese . this range of food ensures that everybody in even the most fussy families ( like mine ! ! ) can be satisfied . the value for money is excellent with long term customers often given deals ( a free beer with curry order over \u00a315 was a favourite ! ) . my family has eaten food from rickshaws several times and on each of the occasions we have been impressed with the quality and heat of the food . the only thing to note is that delivery can sometimes be slow on busy nights ( eg-friday ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the idea of having four different cuisines ( indian , chinese , thai and italian ) on one menu is rather handy - we can never choose something we all want in my flat ! so , with rickshaws we do n't have to . ahhh , peace . the first three times i had food from here it was totally delicious and the delivery was pretty punctual . last night , however , was rather a different story . the food was mediocre and the delivery was very slow . it was a friday night , so i guess busy nights are best avoided here . it 's such a shame because the first few times were so good i was going to give a rave review - unfortunately they 're just not consistent enough !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite library in town . it 's small , quaint and has a decent selection of books . i enjoy going here with a coffee and read the papers , including all the charlotte publications ( biz journal ) . the staff is very helpful and willing to call other locations to help find books . there is a limited amount of computers , so if you need to use a computer you may have to wait a little bit . my only complaint is that since it 's so small it can get little noisy . lucky for me , i 'm not taking a test when i go there : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very small library . limited parking . lots of older people frequent . children 's area : located in a small but decent sized room two computers very small dvd section small book section nice window seats two big kid tables with puzzles and coloring materials large stuffed animals to play with toddler storytime : very fun and engaging . kids are not expected to just sit in one area but can dance and walk around the room during the story time time . one very negative aspect would be when i witnessed a librarian asking a mother to go take her child for a walk because the baby was crying . the mother and child were in the children 's area and the baby was doing what normal babies do it . the mother was very flustered and ended up just leaving the library . things like this i find to be unacceptable , and hopefully it is not something that happens often", "score": "3"}
{"review": "with the johnson & wales library 's selection fairly thin on most subjects other than those food-related , i was hoping char meck libraries would help supplement . of course i ended up finding the time to stop in on a tuesday while in south park and morrison was closed , so the tiny branch in myers park was it . it was very busy , i was quite surprised . all of the computer stations were full , there were lines at the counters , and lots of people browsing ( and lots of children ) . they ended up not having much in the area i was looking for , but the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and in the future if i happen to need some new reading material on a tuesday , i wo n't hesitate to stop in . as nicole also noted on , i did n't have a problem finding a parking spot , but as i was leaving i noticed it was starting to get fairly cramped . i do n't know if there is overflow parking anywhere , but i 'm sure they could use it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually tell people about amazing places but i rarely write a review about them on yelp ( shame on me ) . however , this place is so great i had to write a glowing review . hands down , essence reflexology & massage exceeded all of my expectations . she is super friendly . the ambiance is very relaxed and the massage is ... ahhh-mazing ! totally relaxing , and totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend this place to everyone ! every reflexology session i have had here puts me to sleep ! if you are battling pain and or tension from stress , just pay this place a visit ! i feel brand new when i leave and days later ! the results last because the quality and care given is second to none !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased this as part of groupon special . it took along time to get an appt . or even get a response from them . once i did , there were limited appts . i booked for friday evening . the place was hidden in the interior of an office complex , the signage does not say the actual business and in the dark it is very difficult to find . if you are a woman , i personally do not recommend booking an evening appt . as even the parking is not well lit . the massage was good , but not great . ambiance was nice and the therapist was very nice . i have one more groupon to use here , but most likely will not frequent this place regularly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome massage and reflexology location ! if you are in need of relaxation and release ( my two favorite r & r 's ) then this is your go to spot . i received a 1 hour massage and 1 hour reflexology session , pure bliss ! both of my therapists were so friendly and sweet . thank you so much `` e '' and `` t '' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal massage and reflexology - she really knows her stuff and does n't rush you through like many other places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to this business due to a groupon coupon . it dd take a while for the place to call me back and get me in . this happens with certain groupon deals especially one with limited hours such as this business . it is a new business so the owner is trying to deal with all things new . i am certain that she will get it together soon . as far as the services , the reflexology was good . i am going in for a second session soon . i am however very impressed with one of the therapists ( tiffany ) . great healing hands of a goddess .. she knows her stuff and is accommodating . once one gets past all the minutiae ; the place has a great growth potential . although i have regular massage therapists that i love ; i will make a point to use tiffany and recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my experience with eddie was the best experience ive had getting my taxes done . eddie made the process so easy and understandable . he was also so personable and made the process less stressful . will definitely be back in the following tax seasons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy , efficient , precise smooth tax return transaction . great communication and eddie was willing to work with my hectic schedule . i was in and out in an hour and he was a pleasure to work with . he said to call him anytime i had any tax questions throughout the year . great experience at an affordable price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about working with eddie . not only is he thorough but he is also concerned about your future and your situation . we have been to him twice and will not use anyone else again . i 've been to the other tax places and i 've not received the type of service that i have gotten from eddie . highly recommended . i have also sent a coworker to him who was also very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it has been 4 years since i stored my trailer here . it is a little family run business that i would not hesitate to recommend to anyone i know . i went today to dump my crapper and then went inside the store to browse around and they remembered me by name . not only do they store rv 's they have a small store and also do service . best thing was when i used to store my trailer here , i did not have to be there for them to do service . they would go to my spot and get my trailer , do the service on site , and then put it back . awesome customer service that is really hard to fin now a days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast & reliable service at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great family company . we have stored our rv here for years . the owner jeff and his team a very knowledgeable of ever part of how these things work inside and out and their prices are very competitive . they have an onsite dump station and propane right there so in reality it 's a one stop shop for everything you may need for your rv . i would highly recommend them to everyone . not only for storing your rv , but also for parts , service or just a simple question regarding your rv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff knows how to take care of his client and always gets me a great price for all my rv needs . i would n't go anywhere else for propane or dumping either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2nd time i 've been here and i want to say what a pleasure it is to find a business with honest people they did an excellent job repairing my rv and are very fair with their pricing thank you s.w . rv i 'll be referring all of my friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! ! ! needed a last minute oil change , they got me in and quickly had my rig done while i waited . will definitely be back for any future repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family run honest shop in glendale . they are so knowledgable and willing to get your rv in top running shape . probably the best rv place in arizona . i would ( and do ) trust my rv repairs and improvements at this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and convenient - better mexican food than in chevy 's . closed from 3-5pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good little place , although not the most accommodating when accompanied by a handicapped person . we had to wait a considerably long time given that my friend was on a rented rascal scooter due to a fractured foot . aside from the long wait ( almost an hour ) to be seated , the service once at the table was well timed and friendly . the food was good - as a person who 's not the most liberal when it comes to trying new things , i was satisfied with the `` gringofication '' of the food - i could have used more cheese , but again , that 's really the white girl coming out in me . my companions were wowed by their margaritas , as was i , and the nachos and steak were excellent . i personally opted for a combo plate with a taco and tostada and both were very good . i 'd go there again if given the chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here because we thought it was an actual mexican restaurant but overall the food was good but the service was really shitty . our server was elizabeth and we wo n't come back here : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrendous customer service and golf course . i arrived right at the start of the day trying to get a quick round in . we purchased carts so we could play faster and they made us wait behind everyone that were walking . we agreed to start at hole 3 . by the time we got to 9 , they told us the back 9 was closed so we could only play 9 . we then played 1 and 2 , but they sent a cart ranger to ride alongside of us the entire time to ensure we did n't play any longer . as we were coming back , we saw groups playing hole 10 . the whole staff , from club house to rangers had no service and no class . i hope none of you reading this ever play this dog track again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a municipal course , dobson ranch is tops . this is the place to go for a good , cheap afternoon round of golf during the summer . it 's a well maintained traditional course , with large trees lining the fairways , and grass everywhere . dobson ranch is great for beginners , as the ball is playable from anywhere that is not in someone 's backyard . it 's slice-friendly too , with most of the out of bounds areas sitting to the left of the fairways . dobson ranch is a standard par 72 , except instead of having 4 par 3s , 10 par 4s , and 4 par 5s ; it has 5 par 3s , 8 par 4s , and 5 par 5s . at only $ 10 to walk on a summer afternoon , this is one of the best values in the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time or money . we checked in at 1:00 pm for a 1:45 tee time . the range hitting area was bare dirt . when the starter called us at 1:50 , there was still a foursome waiting to tee off on the first tee . we waited at each tee box for one or more foursomes for the rest of the front nine . that took 3 plus hours to play nine holes ! at that rate of play it would have taken 6 hours or more to play 18 holes . we decided it was a waste of time to sit and wait the rest of the day and left the course after nine holes . when i asked the course manger for a refund he said that the course plays at that rate ( 6 hours ) all the time and refused to refund my green fees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "golf course was in far condition and the pace was decent . did n't feel rushed by people behind or ahead of us . the course is pretty open and forgiving so you do n't need to be a pro . the cart girl came around quite frequently and they also have a snack shack on hole 12 16 with food and refreshment which is very nice . they are also packer fans at the snack shop so that 's a plus too ! there is a huge driving range that is always packed , so if you are looking to work on your swing this range is a great place to come !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible experience ! my family was harassed on the course and had the cops called on them because they were driving on the rough to get to their ball ( 2 of the players were handicap ) . the office apologized , but that does n't help that the golfing experience was ruined and $ 200 down the drain . thanks for the horrible experience , we 'll never be back . please do n't waste your money here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family paid a ridiculous amount of money to take me to dobsons restaurant . for the mothers day brunch . the service was terrible , not much of a food selection . the prime rib was tasty but it was so thin you could see through it . the kids liked the chocolate fountain but then what kid does n't like that . just when we thought it could n't get worse , we spotted a dead cockroach on the floor . oh ... but the mothers in the group were presented with a limp , wilted rose on our way out . we definitely wo n't be back ... .ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a member of the arizona business connection ; we had our weekly meeting there for years . with that said , i go there often and always have great service and good food , i got into eating oatmeal and i had asked if they had raisins , `` no '' said the server , next week when i order oatmeal and small cup of raisins were serviced to me ! friday night fish fry is awesome ! there is a bar that is separated from the restaurant . great place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the course itself is very nice , well maintained . they booked the whole day very tight though , and the people playing had no manners -- played into twice , even though there were two groups of four in front of us , no one was going anywhere anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "solid three star muni course . layout was fun , greens in good shape , nice staff . rough was dead ( i guess that 's typical for march ) but hey , stay out of it and your fine ! $ 26 with cart twilight rate is a steal for the busy season .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3 and a half hours for 9 holes ! ! 3 groups backed up each hole ! ! no rain checks are available and it was $ 52 + tax for a round where i played nine holes and watched grandmas shank the ball every ten yards ! oh and the `` marshall '' was just retrieving balls from the water hazard and not moving anyone along .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "110 degrees yep , beautiful green course in july yep ! 29 $ for a round of golf that was as enjoyable as can be for this time year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the practice greens at this course , but after reading some of these other reviews i do n't know if i would pay the price of the normal rates here to play now i would have to wait til summer when rates go down . and i believe these reviews about the bad experiences i once had a guy threaten me at the practice green just for standing behind him and taking practice swings . some people really need to take a chill pill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i played today on a tuesday . play was a little slow at first but picked up . course was in good shape . pro shop staff was friendly . i would play here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i play this course every two weeks . i enjoyed the layout the greens are easy to reach i score well here . the guys in the pro shop stack players on the tee boxes and it makes for a really slow pace . today i asked if i could rain check because it 's even slower than normal and they told me they do not do refunds . so i asked if they were willing to lose a player who plays here every two weeks because they do n't want me to come back tomorrow to finish my round . just bad business the guys in the front were rude", "score": "1"}
{"review": "solid short game practice facility ... check . grass driving range with lighting ... check . walkable track that 's almost always in great shape ... check . challenging greens ... check . fairly priced ... check . the only problem with this course is the pace of play in the afternoon . rounds can stretch to 5 hours on busy days and the rangers do n't stay after slow players enough but it 's a muni so i get it . for that reason i 'll give it 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having grown up on muni golf courses , i constantly look for the best dollar value around . i am a very active member of the dobson ranch golf association , this course has become home for me . dobson ranch offers one of the best values in town . not too mention a very well kept and quality municipal courses . a challenging course that requires some accurate drives to avoid trees , some lenghty par 3 's when played at the tips , and some tough greens , you wo n't find a much better value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't played here , but i have used the practice range a handful of times . i prefer karsten , but it 's a bit pricey for a bucket of balls so i come here when i 'm on the cheap . the staff is n't the friendliest here and the practice range is an afterthought , but it 's a good place to work on your game every once in a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ya , not the best golf course i 've been to . the grass needs lots of work , and there are tons of pigeons ! i hit 2 with balls ! i felt really bad , because they would get hit , lose feathers , and fly away scared . i am not into animal cruelty and i have no idea why i had the luck of hitting 2 of them , but toooo many birds on the range . i will go again because it is close to my house , but i have been to much better courses for sure . sorry dobson ! i have to say it like it is .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "played here yesterday . cheap and fun golf , but the staff ( particularly the ranger ) was extremely rude and unprofessional . went out of his way to flex his muscles and ridicule us . been playing a lot of golf in the area recently . my advice is to head down the road to ken mcdonald in tempe . similar value , just as fun , and a professional and courteous staff that respects their patrons and is interested in people having a good time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disappointed in the experience we had playing this course today . every staff member we encountered today seemed to be angry that they were working ; from the pro shop to the guys who took the carts back . a little kindness goes a long way in customer service ; the staff here showed little concern for anything but going home and were just outright rude . the course is in ok shape ; you get what you pay for this time of year here . i will definitely not be wasting any more time or money at this course . the only good thing was that the greens are in great shape .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "played this course today for the first time . let me start by saying this , i 've played many courses during my stay in az & by far , this is my least favorite . staff were mediocre at best . there are so many courses around here and if you want customers , then customer service should be of utmost importance , agree ? well , they lost the memo . the course itself is wide open but felt crowded , it felt like you were in the line of fire from the other tee box . speaking of tee box , dry , patchy . the fairways were ok , same with the bunkers . the greens were the best part of the course . fairly slow but they did roll true . if you like a challenging course , this is not it . if you 're looking for spectacular views , this is not the place to go . i would come here again but not to play . i 'll just use their practice facilities .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "middle of the road course , greens in good condition ( playing tough fast ) , good pace of play , fairways good . i commend the staff on working to get players out during my 2 hour frost delay . they were genuinely working to accommodate everyone . walking price was $ 34 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": ".wir waren in der vergangenheit schon \u00f6fter da..haben immer sehr gute rumpsteaks gegessen..das scheint alles vorbei zu sein ... neuer p\u00e4chter , anderer koch..es ist nicht mehr wie es war , servicekraft scheint geblieben zu sein , schien mal wieder \u00fcberfordert..essen mu\u00df man hier jedenfalls nicht mehr . die drei gerichte zur auswahl , sprechen nicht f\u00fcr besondere kreativit\u00e4t . waren zwar f\u00fcr die er\u00f6ffnung gedacht..gerade deshalb ist es schade . eine speisekarte was es denn nun mal geben wird , gab es nicht . mittlerweile haben wir erfahren , da\u00df die alte mannschaft nur ein paar kilometer weiter in l\u00fcdersen ist . das wird also unser n\u00e4chstes ziel", "score": "2"}
{"review": "concord , these guys ( gals actually ) are locked-on ! i went in there to get some velcro sewn on and they were upfront with me and told me that they do n't do that , but did recommend someone who does ( s & k alterations ) . thanks a lot , we 're sew creative ! s & k hooked me up and did a grade a job . thanks a ton for your recommendation . even though i did n't use your services ( this time ) , i will be back when i do need them ! one happy customer . ~allen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful store with a great layout and bright lights . fabric is well organized in color and by fabric lines . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite quilt shops . when i was living closer to concord , i got to the point where i was n't even letting them give me a bag when i went in , because those little pink bags add up , and i did n't want any evidence that i had bought fabric there again . if i lived closer , i 'd still be in there all the time . the service is always phenomenal , and their selection is fantastic . i just wish it were n't so far from me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sewing store with high quality fabrics . excellent and knowledgeable staff and great classes from beginner to experts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "should not be on this page . does n't do alterations . sells materials and machines . quilting supplies", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful shop ... nice selection of fabrics , many sewing and quilting notions , great selection of kits . staff was extremely helpful and courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing and friendly customer service . great store and high quality fabrics and products . staff is always friendly and knowledgeable . you can find some great inspiration here with the various projects on display . check out their website for different classes . their classroom is bright , big and clean . i love coming in here and shopping for fabrics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "full confession .. my 1 star review reflects only the limited menu .. to gain my business they need to begin to offer more than 2 protein choices .. obviously a place referred to as `` pork chop heaven '' should be expected to offer pork chops .. duh right ? .. but imagine my surprise to find a place named oink 's does not offer ribs or pulled pork .. only other choice is chicken .. i left disappointed & ended up at another bbq place in town to prepare for my labor day picnic .. i would have given this place a try had they had a more interesting menu in terms of protein choices .. that meaning offering more than 2 choices .. if they would have had a website w a menu available i would have known sooner b 4 getting there & leaving empty handed .. if they update their choices i would be willing to give it another try .. but not b 4 then .. what a shame ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oinky 's pork chop heavens food or soul food . chicken and pork chops are cooked to order . pork is main dish but it cant compete with the chicken . the side dishes like mac and cheese lack in flavor . the greens , black eyed peas and cabbage are good . pricey . restaurant is new but i expect great things in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i read the reviews for this place and i disagree with the person who said oinky 's should have more meat choices . it 's pork chop heaven not oinky 's bbq . plus , i generally dislike restaurants that try to offer everything ; stick with what you 're good at . now for the food , it 's amazing ! call it soul food or comfort food , does n't matter . it 's all good ! try the pork chops or chicken ; you ca n't go wrong . and the sides are tasty also . try this place . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salle de diffusion et bar qui offre une grande diversit\u00e9 d'offre . j'y vais principalement pour les soir\u00e9es de danse swing les mercredis soir . c'est bien dr\u00f4le de voir ces gens danser gaiement au milieu des t\u00eates de mort ! il y a une petite sc\u00e8ne pour le band , et beaucoup de place pour danse \u00e0 leurs pieds . le cours de base de 9h \u00e0 10h permet d'apprendre quelques pas de base pour se d\u00e9brouiller pendant la soir\u00e9e . les gens derri\u00e8re le bar sont toujours si sympathiques , le mode coop de travail leur va tr\u00e8s bien ! s\u00e9lection correcte de bi\u00e8re , sans grand \u00e9clat . vraiment bien situ\u00e9 , \u00e0 deux pas du m\u00e9tro st-laurent . la terrasse est super grande et belle , toute en bois .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great punk metal hardcore venue . small stage , small standing area makes for great shows . also a upstairs with standing and seating . saw that quebecois iron maiden coverband here and it was so much fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salle de spectacle bar qui appartient \u00e0 ses travailleurs , les katacombes est une coop qui offre une belle exp\u00e9rience pour une soir\u00e9e de sortie . je n'y ai \u00e9t\u00e9 qu'une fois la semaine derni\u00e8re pour voir le band `` mise en demeure '' et l'ambiance \u00e9tait incroyable . la salle qui peut contenir un peu plus de 350 personnes ( sur le plancher principal et la mezzanine ) \u00e9tait compl\u00e8te ( ils ont d\u00fb refuser des entr\u00e9es ) et de ce fait c'\u00e9tait un peu tass\u00e9 et chaud . malgr\u00e9 cela , l'ambiance , la sono et le service nous ont fait passer une soir\u00e9e tout \u00e0 fait sensationnelle . un grand plus est que les katacombes servent uniquement des bi\u00e8res de micro-brasseries , incluant la bi\u00e8re noire de mcauslan ( une de mes favorites ) ce qui est exceptionnel dans ce genre de salle et ce , \u00e0 prix raisonnable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wide beer selection with great stuff on tap . efficient staff , great music , edgy and cool atmosphere , and space to be as close to the music as you want . and it 's a coop that supports the local artist community . you 've made a powerful enemy , arnold . but your little escape could not have been more ill-conceived , and i find you now in the jaws of my allies . enjoy your seaside view , it shall be your last . and 2 for $ 7 beer specials , how can you go wrong ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service au bar attentif , accoustic moyen , mais comme la salle de show est petite on est \u00e0 proximit\u00e9 du band qui joue . terrasse ext\u00e9rieure ayant une grande capacit\u00e9 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stepped to katacombes during the first day of heavy mtl . the patio was packed with people having a great time - they had a bbq going and selling hot dogs and hamburgers for $ 2 - cant go wrong at that price . its a great venue to see smaller acts , check out their web site to see whose on and have fun !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clubs like this make you wish you lived in montreal . been dropping in since 2009 and i always have a great super time . huge beer selection , food , terrific bands , and amazing atmosphere make for some memorable times . hell , i wish it was larger than it is , 8d drop in whenever any of you are in montreal . i do n't even go to fou founes electriques anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fauchon bakery is a korean immigrant family run bakery . in case you did n't figure it out yet ( full disclosure ) . i am korean . do n't be fooled by the size of the place , the variety of the offerings is very adequate and the pastries , breads and cakes are world class . the cream breads are to die for . my wife asks be when are we going there again ( yes , we are from the states ) . the owner is very nice , friendly and professional . it 's a niche bakery but i would describe it as the `` biggest little korean bakery '' around . i would recommended very highly ! btw , their red bean ice dessert and tea are delicious too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very unprofessional , horrible service . i 've been waiting for my deposit back over 5 weeks ! nobody answer the phone and when i leave voicemails they are ignoring them ! this is the worst dealership that i ever dealt with ! do n't go here ! i went to thornhill roy foss got my truck in 5 days !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever had . every single time i go there , they top themselves with horrible service . not only will i never buy from them again , i am never buying gm due to them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been taking my 2010 chevy cobalt to the woodbridge roy foss service department for oil changes ever since i bought it . all the staff i have dealt with in the service department are really friendly and helpful in explaining any issues i have inquired about . also they have never pressured me to get any work done that is not necessary like other places i 've been to . my cobalt is still going strong and all i 've had to change so far is oil and tires .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you pay top notch price , however you do n't get top notch service . i recommend buying a new vehicle here just do n't bring it to there shop for repair maintenance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pork burgers ! ! ( please , sir - i 'm using that as an adjective , not a verb ) ahem they have pork-burgers ! ! a delicious addition to the menu . the only problem is , i already had a short list of must-try-it-next-time that i can never seem to get to , since everything i 've had i loved so much i did n't want to order anything else . ( until the next time ric or chef j talked me into trying something new , that is ) this is the new favorite . i do n't even put any catsup or sauce on it , just meat , bread , veggies . french fries are hand-cut and double fried to a crispy-chewy constistency that is rare and satisfying . i really mean to try to 'loaded spud ' and the chopped chicken someday , but between the burger , porkburger , and pulled pork , i may never get there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in for my burger fix , but sampled the chicken and the brisket ... it was a hard choice . the brisket was smokey , tender but still had some crew to it . the chicken was sliced breast , with a nice smoke taste and light seasoning . it was tender and juicy . i still went with the burger ... 10 oz medium rare ... how can you go wrong ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love a good bbq and this place knows what they 're doing . the menu is simple but what they do is done to perfection . the staff and owners are super friendly and made sure everything was up to snuff . the only drawback is that they are not open much past lunch so if you 're in the mood for ric 's for dinner , you 're out of luck at the moment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! the food was tasty , the bbq sauce selections tasty . they also make their own ice cream there which was tasty as well . definitely headed back . we had a sampler platter to try out the different meats and they were all tasty ! sides were average , although the beans were awesome ! ( do n't be deceived , they look like regular beans , but they are barbecue beans and have a good kick to them ! ) . as for not smelling like a smokehouse ... due to space etc they use a special smoker . while we were dating we sat by the owner and he told us all about what they use , how they smoke their meat , etc . so if you want to know , just ask and they 'll tell you . definitely give this place a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for lunch again with daren c. i had a bacon cheeseberger again . i swear next time i am going to try something else besides the burger . maybe pulled pork or maybe loaded baked potato .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "driven by many times . decided to stop for lunch today . ordered the salad with pulled pork and carolina bbq sauce for dressing . really , really good with plentiful portions . saw a couple of potential lunchers strolling by and suggested they go inside and get the same thing . i 'll be back with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no ambience , poor air conditioning . music sucks . really , really slow service . 26 min to prepare lunch . small portions . turkey sandwich is just a small plain bun and turkey .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really good food . i tried the burger with cheddar and bacon , and the pulled chicken with cheese and green chile . holy schmoly . best burger i 've had in phoenix . top quality beef . the chicken sandwich was generous , tasty , well seasoned . i loved the hush puppy each plate comes with and i really think it was the best one i 've ever had . i felt very welcomed , and ca n't wait to go back . great place for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , that burger was awesome . it clearly earned ric 's the final star ! i ca n't wait to go back once i recover from the last one ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i had the meaty potato spud with beef brisket and some bbq beans ! ! amazing ! ! great flavor profile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bbq i 've had in the state of az ! we go almost every week for our fill of bbq . the pulled pork is scrumptious and you can tailor it to your liking by adding your favorite sauce . their bbq is all slow cooked and melts in your mouth . the brisket is awesome but they run out of it so quickly ! i am soooo glad they extended their hours and very pleased with the hot sauces that are supplied by a local provider ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe i am bbq starved because i am from seattle , but i thought the place was decent and i have kansas city as a reference point where i lived for 10 years . the meat is tender and the sauces good . nice to have 4 different choices . i was visiting from out of town and ate here a couple of times . ambiance is good . place is clean including the rest rooms , a challenge for greasy , smokey bbq joints . i would suggest he serve two sides with each lunch order instead of one , or maybe one side and a drink . when lunch hits the $ 10 mark it needs to . but i think you should try it for yourself and decide . bbq is kind of a personal taste kind of thing . i liked their cole slaw , get that as a side . beans were decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times before with my boss and the bbq is pretty decent . when i went in today though it was clear things have declined . i got the pulled pork and french fries , which is what i normally get here . the pork was cold and not as tasty as it has been in the past . the french fries were really awful , like little lead sticks , i did n't even finish them . maybe it was just a bad day but there is room for improvement .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not greeted when we walked . seemed to be an annoyance we were there . gross outside and in . cigarette butts littered the outside and everything was sticky and grimy inside . dirty silverware and dirty employees . gross", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here hoping to get an awesome grilled burger and that 's exactly what i got . also came with some delicious homemade fries . food looks to be prepared fresh , not frozen . other items i saw being served to other customers looked good too . came back again today for the burger , but i 'll be trying their pulled pork next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is small , but comfortable booths . small bar and tv in a corner , but this is mainly a place to eat . we split a pulled pork wrap and each had a side of the gumbo . they offered to bring out on two plates , which was nice . pulled pork was excellent , but really loved the gumbo ! wide variety of bbq sauces to choose from . beer selection limited , but pretty good . 3 micro brews out of four taps . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went back to sample the food again . i have a few new views . the meat is too smokey flavored , sort of smoothers the natural flavor of the meat . some items are even too salty just as the turkey . ric 's burger was great . the pulled pork was flavorless ironically . the bbq sauces are good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went in out of convenience and find myself looking at an extensive menu . i ordered the pulled pork sandwich despite the high price and figured the portion would make it worth my while . it was served on a regular bun in not so much abundance . flavor was okay but i had to add the sauce myself and the meat was a bit stringy perhaps overcooked . the gumbo was delicious but the `` homemade ice cream '' was frozen solid and tasted old and frost bitten . overall i would only order the gumbo if ever returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "slowest service i 've ever seen . severely understaffed . waited over 25 minutes for food to arrive . and it was slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first timer today ... . was n't happy ... at . all . this is the first time in my 50 years on the planet that i was served green pork . yes green , and it was cold ( at 11 am ? ) . do n't you know you can kill people with that crap ? also , pulled pork is not a big flat slab of fatty port meat . it is supposed to be pulled apart . the beans sucked . i ca n't even describe the flavor other than it 's just overpowering . i could only take two bites before wincing . the slaw ? could n't tell ya . i ordered it , but was served potato salad instead . cuz they look alike and all ... ps . the place was deserted at lunch time . i guess the word is out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just ok bbq . the place is nothing special , portions are weak . if you 're in the neighborhood , do yourself a favor and go to pork on a fork .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in for lunch on monday and had the burger . amazing ! best burger i have had in years ! big , juicy , lots of flavor . not too shabby ric 's not..too ... .shabby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome . came in on a whim for lunch and had the lunch special . pork had a great smoke taste to it , and plenty of bbq sauce to choose from for topping . had the fries as a side and was more than pleased with my choice ... they were bomb ! shout out to the service as well , the chef came over to ask how our meal was as well as clear our plates . would definitely recommend and visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i just had the pulled pork sandwich ... i added some of the chef special bbq sauce to give the sandwich a bit of an euphoric feeling . very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a craving for good bbq and this was a disappointment . ordered $ 35 worth of food and did not enjoy most of it . the pulled pork was okay . the brisket was mediocre . the chicken was okay . the beans were under cooked and pretty bad . threw that away . the sauces were decent . i just ended up asking my father in law to make some brisket since i could n't find anyone to buy some good southern style brisket . the staff was extremely nice and the place is really clean . inside and a little outside seating . the portions were really small though so i was not impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hmmm , what to say about mint . okay , if you are a girl and looking for clothes here , i 'd say pass . unless of course you have a tiny waste and are maybe a size 0-4 on a good day . if you are looking for funky earrings , it might be worth a stop , but the majority of their earring inventory was kinda weird and a little too 80 's inspired for my retro taste . if you are looking for stellar quality ( and priced accordingly ) funky retro furniture , then definitely pop in here as their selection is really cool and there were a ton of pieces that i easily would have purchased . as for the rest , i 'd say hit this store up every once in again and see what they have to offer and if they start carrying bigger sizes in dresses , lem me know : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this vintage new shop . i think they need to do something about getting new ( vintage ) items in more frequently there are things still there from visiting almost a year ago . overall i have bought some great finds there and will most definately go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the vintage 1930 beaded earrings are still calling to me . i can hear them . knowing i saw similar ones being sold for $ 15 at cost plus vs the $ 60 for the vintage ones helps a little - but not much . very cute vintage accessories and clothing . i almost teared up seeing a super cool crinoline like the one i had in high school . ( yea , sometimes i was that girl . we 're moving on ... ) really great stuff . a bit high priced , but not when you consider it 's quality . everything they had was great . it did n't feel like estate sale shopping , ya know ? then there 's the other 1 2 of the store that is an art gallery . somehow it just works . here the prices were extremely reasonable . some really great stuff too . it 's behind much of the roosevelt row stops , just a bit behind holgas . cool , yet approachable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love mint , and even though i 'm a guy and there is n't much for me there , it 's a great place for gifts for the lucky gals in my life . it 's definitely worth checking out , despite what the other reviewers have said so far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well.. well ... well..ive been highly recomended to check this place out , now that i had a chance to see what the hype was all about . i can see for myself that they had very cool pieces of funiture and retroesque clothes . very impressed up until i asked for some help and questions , and thats were the place lost its apeal . i was quickly imformed that they delt with very high end resorts and hotels , and as for myself adding these pieces in my store would not be a good idea.i think coming in would be a great experiece for someone to see bad service at its finest .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been consistently underwhelmed by this place since i moved to the hood a year ago . with so many great vintage spots and local boutiques so close why should anyone make the stop at this over priced and under-friendly place ? your lucky if you get so much as a `` hi ! '' here . the vintage clothes are so so and i have been looking at some of the same ones for over a year now . go to the 7th avenue shops if you want a fun and friendly vintage experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "red 's merchandise is amazing . mint 's left a little to be desired ... ok alot to be desired . alright , cranky service be damned ( now this is a store within a store . it is all the same service for both . it is just that red 's merchandise is so untouchable ( literally even ! `` do not sit '' signs abound ) that you almost feel like you deserve the treatment because your lusting after , yet can not afford their wares ) ... .. i have ventored into this spot appx twice a year since it has opened . why am i still starring at the same clothing ? i know my sticky fingers have not picked up a frock i could not live without but then i figured it was because i am both cheap and picky . a hard to please combo . seriously though , i have been starring at the same stuff for years now . boring .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall , i 'll never go back . rewinding to the reason of my conclusion : messy racks , bad choice on jewelry , no focus on fits whatsoever , no pricing consistency , and paint-scraping help from the hired help ( owner of red ) . i felt like i was bothering someone instead of shopping . i recommend retro ranch , fashion by robert black , france 's or the new vintage shop next to hula 's and lola coffee on central ave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i read the reviewer before me and checked things out for myself . i do n't know about the size 0-4 comment because i found 3 dresses all over size 8 and some great necklaces all very reasonably priced . rumor has it the day to go is sunday or monday , which is when more things are added to the inventory . i also left my name and email because i was looking for a vintage chanel bag and i got an email when they got one . i ca n't afford to shop on the furniture side of the store but i 've found a lot of great funky things at mint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got some cheap dish cleaning utensils . in , out , easy . obviously good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this dollar tree is in the same center as the wal-mart and goodwill but over on the other side . i might not have found it if i had n't seen the bright green letters across the parking lot and through some tree branches . it is n't one of the bigger ones but had some of the things i needed . i only spent $ 4 . it was the second dt of three i went to this day . it is very well kept up and the clerk was pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really hate to give a bad review to the dollar trees , but this one is not that the people are n't friendly , they are . but my real complaint is i ca n't find what i want because the place always looks like it 's been hit by multiple tornadoes . it does n't matter what time of day or what day you show up to this particular dollar tree the shelves are in disarray . there are boxes in the aisles it looks like things are just thrown everywhere and it 's just awful . i mean it truly looks like it 's black friday every moment of every day that i ever come here and i hate coming to this dollar tree now because just the sight of how unorganized this place is is truly bad . revolting . maybe they need to hire more people to make sure the shelves are properly stocked and stuff not strewn all over .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this dollar tree is awesome ! it 's usually cleaned and organized and the staff is really friendly . randy is usually there every day and he is always nice and very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this dollar tree because it is bigger than the one that is close to my house . the last time i went there , i was just going to look around . i 'm not one to touch things in stores unless i 'm actually going to buy it . one of the workers was sitting on the floor in an aisle and as i started to walk into the aisle she yells at me `` this aisle is closed for cleaning ! '' i was so confused that this was even a thing that could happen . i was one of probably 3 people in the store . my only concern is what if i really wanted to get something from that aisle ? can i not purchase it because you are `` cleaning '' ? i usually loved dollar tree because i can find some cool stuff for cheap . the last visit just made me sad and confused .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the poorer dollar trees that i have been to in the city of chandler . the floors are usually filthy and it always looks like a bomb went off in there . it 's no surprise that it is located in the same shopping plaza with the worst walmart in town . on the plus side the employees are pretty friendly . unlike the 99 cent store this one does n't have a big variety of merchandise . i usually come in here to buy toiletries that are a little bit more expensive elsewhere and then i 'm out the door . this is strictly a grab and go place . there is no other reason to hang around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we we 're quoted insurance on 4 vehicles 2 which had full coverage . three months later we find out that all 4 only have liability . dimitri on the phone said he would fix this right away and not to worry . six weeks later they draft $ 500.00 out of our account for a monthly payment . we find out then that our insurance increased from $ 2400 to $ 5100 a year . you know why he didnt say anything ? because we would have canceled then . our full coverage insurance at farm beauro indian trail with mark rains is only $ 2400 a year , why would we pay more then twice that amount . they made the initial mistake and had us driving a brand new car without full coverage . in fact they still owe us for the windshield on that car because we couldnt claim it because of their mistake . please call mark for insurance and dont make the same mistake we did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "three important issues caution i hate writing this reveiw ... ... ... but 1 . 6 months of harassment from dmv , implying our tags will be cancelled unless we paid the fines of $ 55.42 ... . first time . six months later the issue still wasnt fixed then the owner mr dimeri j aposdale would correct the issue . he said he assumed it was fixed until now etc.. 2 . we were over charged for one our work vehicles for a month and half still waiting on this $ to be placed back into our account . 3 . home owner insurace account # was mishandled as well . our morgage company contaced them to verfiy the account # . we recieved a cancelation letter from our moragage company brightway , said they will handle it . dimtri , the owner said they do n't have time to deal with this issue.so another hugh mistake brghtway made . 4 . `` communication '' is the key in which this company has no how to do ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast and friendly ! extremely helpful and knowledgeable along with amazing customers service . the best hands on insurance company i have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the south charlotte area and need insurance , be sure to visit this brightway office . their staff is super knowledgeable and offer outstanding carriers and rates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your office rocks ! you guys are very professional , friendly & thorough . extremely pleased with the entire process !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fried chicken and waffle sandwich is where it 's at . just delicious . also had the grilled chicken with sun-dried tomatoes , roasted crimini mushrooms , goat cheese and romaine with a balsamic dressing - which was decent . i would have liked different toppings . the strawberry lemonade was tasty but a little on the sweeter side . prices are about $ 11- $ 14 for sandwiches and the salad was $ 11- $ 12 , so definitely reasonable . thanks yelp !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super fun and trendy . i love fried chicken and waffles , but i did n't grow up eating them together . i love that everything is made from scratch and fresh to order , even the sodas . i had the nashville hot chicken sandwich and my husband got the original chicken strips with waffle fries . it was around $ 20 . the sandwich was huge . the waffle of the sandwich was great ... not too thin or too thick and the right amount or chewy and crispy . my only complaint was that the description said slaw and pickles and it could have used a lot more of both . the hot chicken was crispy and juicy . super tasty , but not as spicy as i was expecting . the original chicken strips were excellent . waffle fries were good , but nothing special . i would really like to go back for some of there sweeter waffle options like the cr\u00e8me brule\u00e9 waffle . they are absolutely worth checking out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fried chicken and waffle sandwich ? ? totally caught my eye as this complex by nyny is new to me since i was last in vegas . came in for lunch and had to try their original chicken and waffle sandwich . hubby had their hot pastrami and swiss . we also tried their strawberry lemonade , waffle fries , and mac and cheese . maybe i have a giant stomach but i did n't find the sandwich that big . i had plenty of room for sides after eating the sandwich . both sandwiches were great - messy but super tasty . waffles were nice and light and the meats were nicely done . crispy but not too greasy . waffle fries were average . mac and cheese was below average - kind of reminded me of a cheese whiz . would skip that for sure . loved the strawberry lemonade ! nice balance against the saltiness of the rest of the meal . priced at $ 10 sandwich and about $ 3-4 side . casual option where you order at the counter and take your food once it 's ready . items are made fresh to order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "curse you , bruxie ! just got back from a week in vegas and my clothes are fitting a lot tighter due to the fact that we ate here five times during our stay . we seriously could n't get enough of this place . i tried something different each time and everything was amazing . staff all had smiles and were personable . we 're already planning a return trip to vegas and bruxie is gon na be our first stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited bruxie yesterday with my girlfriend for breakfast , they open at 9am . it was actually really good ! ! i ordered the green eggs and ham , that pesto sauce they put inside is delicious ! add sriracha sauce to it and it gives it a nice kick ! ! my girlfriend ordered the chicken and waffle sandwich combo with waddle fries and a strawberry lemonade ! we wish the strawberry lemonade was bigger , but it was good , definitely fresh ! i love how they have water by the condiments as well ! ! the waffle fries were delicious , perfect salt and still soft , not too crunchy like it sat around the whole time . it 's a nice place , quiet when they first open but starts getting busier around 10ish ! it 's a cute place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the angus burger and was worried that the waffle bun was going to be too sweet . but it actually was not sweet at all and was super good ! ! it was the perfect texture ! light , airy , and crispy on the outside . i loved the burger and devoured it within 3 minutes ! i 'm a picky eater so this was a hit for me . my friend got the chicken burger with feta and oregano dressing . the chicken was small , but was sooo juicy and seasoned perfectly ! the fries were also delicious , crispy , and seasoned well . i had the strawberry palmer , which was refreshing but had absolutely no sweetness ( which oddly i would have rather had a little more sweetness ) . unfortunately , we did n't get the chance to try the sweet desserts , but i 'm willing to bet was also amazing . definitely try this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location : right next to monte carlo . plenty of seating inside and outside for a nice brunch . food : slightly disappointed in the waffle , hence the 3 5 . was expecting a great waffle . it 's a bit on the dry side and lacks in flavour . i do appreciate their idea of putting anything on the waffle like chicken , eggs , chorizo , avocado etc . that 's what made the waffle taste much better . i ordered the original chicken & waffle then substituted the chicken breast for a chicken thigh . wanted a bit more flavour and a juicy tender piece of chicken . i 've had chicken and waffles before , roscoes still takes the cup . service : 3 5 , not bad . there was not much of team work going on . some were nice , some totally clueless to what was going on . overall this was an ok experience . if you 're interested in bruxie , try the la location for more options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! food is so good , the vibe is relaxed and the service is amazing . most people do n't realize that there are 55,000 parking spaces within walking distance to the arena and park ... parking will never be an issue . shout out to andre- have to say he was by far someone who stood out as an allstar employee . he was extremely friendly , refilling drinks , bussing tables and all around welcoming to everyone in the place . he 's an employee to be proud of !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perhaps the best chicken sandwich i 've ever devoured . fairly big too , and i 'm a big eater . i was a little hesitant i would be so satisfied considering that my waffle sandwich , buffalo-style fries , and drink was worth the $ 19 pricetag , but it surprisingly was . the original chicken waffle sandwich is was a culinary masterpiece . took 10mins to get to my table , but worth the wait . the waffle was light and crisp . the chicken perfectly fried and lightly battered . the slaw and chili-honey sauce complemented each other nicely . tip : order an extra side of the sauce for dipping topping . also , feel free to change soft drinks without extra charge . the buffalo style fries were great . not too soupy or soggy , with ample blue cheese sprinkles . just wish there were a few more fries per order . i 'll be back for this meal next time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the 3 piece fried chicken ( original seasoned ) with the bacon cheddar waffle . i also got the irish nachos . my favorite dish was definitely the fried chicken with waffle , especially the waffle . the bacon cheddar had a glaze on it and usually i do n't like sweet and savory together but this was so good . the fried chicken were n't thighs or drumsticks ( which i prefer ) , and sometimes it was a little dry but the outside was super crispy and yummy . for the irish nachos , it 's nice to snack on , but i probably would n't order it again . the waffle fries itself was really good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i decided to stop in here after watching toruk at the t-mobile arena . we were lured in by the delicious looking pictures of their desert crepes . we got 3 desert crepes between the 4 of us . my favorite was the lemon creme and berry crepe ! it was amazingly tart and sweet all at the same time . we were expecting it to be quite heavy , but were pleasantly surprised by how light the dessert crepes were . my brother and dad liked the creme brulee waffles the best . overall , the texture and flavor of the waffles were perfect and we would definitely come back . i ca n't wait to try a savory crepe next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken and waffles - sweet or spicy , they are making it and making it deliciously . the waffle is thinner and crisper than your typical waffle , making it the perfect vehicle to hold your fried chicken . it 's the perfect stop if you want a less fancy but super tasty bite to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing.first we loved the decor.service from the start to end was excellent.the food turnaround was great . we had the original and the holy chicken was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the nashville hot chicken & bacon waffle skillet is why this place gets five stars from me . this is the best version of chicken and waffles compared to any other place in vegas . the other stuff is good , but i do n't see a reason to order them . the sandwich waffle is not the bacon waffle you get in the skillet . the bacon waffle is a different , tastier beast . the bacon waffle is the best waffle i 've had with or without chicken . the bacon fat does n't hit you over the head with smoke or salt , the pork fat mixes in well with the sugar and rosemary . the outside is crisp and has a crunch from the crystalized sugar , the inside is flaky and soft . the chicken has a kick . crisp and juicy . get a side of honey for a dip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum yum yum . had never really been curious about the whole chicken and waffle thing . was just walking the strip after a night of partying . something greasy and heavy sounded good . we decided to check this out . i bet roscoes is amazing but wow . it was n't too heavy at all and tasted beyond what i thought it would . i ordered the original and could n't get enough with the syrup . definitely going back when i visit vegas again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so good ! first time having chicken and waffles and it was delightful . must go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time and i just learned there is one in santa monica . there was a line but the wait was not to bad . i got to try the buffalo chicken tenders and were very tender inside and slight crispy on the outside . i also took a bite of my boyfriend 's original chicken waffle which was awesome ! ! add some hot sauce and you 'll be good ! and we both shared the creme brule waffle which was perfect not too sweet but enough to satisfy your sweet tooth . i will definitely be visiting the santa monica location", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! the holy chicken was great . waffles , chicken , bacon , and egg . you place your order at the counter and the staff brings the meal to you vey quickly . definitely worth the stop if you 're hungry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . i love their pastrami waffle sandwich . the waffle is not too sweet or over powering . this place is unique . give it a try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that was horrible . i order the hot louisiana chicken sandwich . it was n't even spicy . if you 've ever had howlin rays in los angeles , ca you would know what i mean . it was a huge disappointment . you would think for something to get 4.5 stars in vegas it 'd be good . the waffle was alright and that could be because the sandwich was blah . i would skip this on your next trip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely the best service and best meal ! mariz is who helped me at the counter , she was super friendly and helpful . i ordered a side of mac and cheese , so good . the flavor was unique and tasted fresh ! i also ordered a spicy chicken and waffle sandwich . man oh man it was so tasty and i 'm fan fan of spicy but this lit me up haha . i will be back next time i am in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live 230 miles away . my husband asked where i wanted to go for my birthday , i said `` chicken and waffles in vegas ! we were there last april and i was looking for an excuse to return . i was not disappointed . there were six adults in our group and everyone loved their meal . i had the nashville sandwich . spicy and tangy great flavor combo . ordered a little spicy syrup on the side for the last few bites , tasted like dessert . the waffle fries are lite and not greasy . park at the new york new york located just outside the north enterance . get it to go and sit at a table out by the strip . you 'll love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my toddler and i had breakfast at bruxie during our visit to vegas . the naked waffle was amazing . it was n't busy so did n't take long which i appreciated being with a toddler . only thing was i did n't receive my coffee until after my food was gone . i noticed everyone else received theirs before their food came out . i had to ask the server for it and she replied casually that `` oh they must be making it . '' all in all , good experience . was probably a one time occurrence .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing nashville hot chicken and waffle sandwich i had . not super hot , amazing flavor sat outside a few nights ago and it was perfect temperature . not super busy at 10 pm when we got there a must try place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were on vacation staying at the aria and not a day went by without fitting in a bruxie meal ( sometimes twice ) . i even snuck out while he napped and got the skillet waffle with pork ( my boyfriend is anti pork ) but i had to ! boy , oh boy am i glad . it was phenomenal ! and the honey hot sauce just makes your mouth water . the staff is super friendly and they even honored an expired online special , which was great . i ca n't wait to get back to vegas for this place . it 's so dangerously close to the aria . you 'll be addicted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great great service . everyone was super friendly and accommodated me wonderfully . 4 5 stars because the food was n't as great . if you 've ever had bruxies in socal expect to be a little disappointed but it was still pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved this place . waffle was nice and crispy and stayed that way after a few hours . the chicken was perfectly fried and seasoned . i had the bbq honey sandwich with the onion straws . awesome ! ca n't wait to return and try a different t sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this joint was very delicious . chicken and waffles were great ! everyone was also friendly , my first time having them was here in vegas and i 'll come back ! perfect for brunch or if you just love chicken and waffles", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food great ! ! nice atmosphere and great beers on tap . the chili honey sauce is perfect for the sandwich ! i would eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so good we came back 3 times on our trip . each dish is delicious and the coffee is on point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for chicken and waffles in vegas without hurting your wallet ! i 'm starting to like all these quick and easy bites to grab . prices are ~10 $ per waffle sandwich . the nashville chicken was on point , it packs a pretty satisfying spice without burning off your taste buds . chicken strips were breaded evenly and pretty general . if you get the nutella banana waffle i recommend getting the white cream on the side . for some people the pairing is strange , so i was glad of having the option of not using it . i will come back ! i want to try the original sandwich and the cheddar bacon waffle skillet too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved it so much i ate 5 sandwiches . makes me hungry just thinking about it . really great place and a solid price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the liege waffle , which is a complicated preparation . the brioche dough was tasty and moist . the problem was the treatment of the exterior . usually they are cooked in a very hot iron that caramelizes the pearl sugar lumps . they cooked it in a normal iron then used a propane torch to `` caramelize '' the exterior . the result was a charred exterior and almost raw ( hard ) lumps of of sugar . better than a regular waffle , but leaves a bit to be desired .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome service- even though you order from the counter , they bring you your food and come around to give you unlimited drink refills . the batter is delicious , waffles fluffy . textures and burst of flavors in every bite are delightful ! very heavy food though . we get the nashville style spicy and creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e waffle desert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very busy place . tasty waffle options . good for not so large parties due to limited space . servers were attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! ! ! waffles are perfection and staff is awesome ! you have to park in the lot of walk out from new york new york to access this place . the fried chicken and waffles are on point as well as the banana nutella waffles . strawberry lemonade is a bit on the sweet side , but just add water ! also , you get free refills here . waffles fries are crispy and not greasy . sandwiches are good too . had the turkey blt and there was a hint of maple syrup in it . makes total sense since the bread outside the sandwich was a waffle ! will definitely come back here . meal was delish !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here after a late show . got the chicken and waffle . the chicken was really good ! i could n't eat the waffle because it was a little too sweet for me after drinking but am betting it would be great otherwise . definitely would try this again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fuuuuuuuucking delicious chicken tenders ommg . be sure to try the sodas and all the condiments too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't like chicken and waffles ? i got the nashville hot waffle skillet -- the cheddar bacon waffle was great but i wish it was bigger but that was more than made up for by the amount of chicken i received ! ! the chicken was good , and as spicy as i expected , there was a disturbing amount of either grease or melted butter from the nashville sauce that pooled at the bottom of the skillet . finished with diet soda with splenda . my fianc\u00e9 got the regular waffle sandwich with caesar salad which was pretty good `` it was a good mix of sweet and salty '' so i am told .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the atmosphere here is nice ! you can sit out in the front or on the barstool to look at the pedestrian walking by . there 's inside seatings too . pretty chilled . customer service was great ! friendly faces and checked up on us a couple of times . that 's a plus ! of course we had to get the original fried chicken and waffle ! kinda bummed cause the chicken was dried and the piece was small . the prosciutto and swiss on the other side was bomb ! the egg was cooked to perfection . watching the yolk burst and dripping down my waffle was oh so sexy . overall , must try ! happy eating ! ( ( ;", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the original chicken sandwich . it was a little different than i was expecting , it was very good but the waffle on its own was n't anything too special , it was a little bland and more crunchy than i would have preferred , the chicken was really moist and tender and had a good flavor with a glaze that i 'm not exactly sure what it was but it had a little bit of an orange flavor , it was delicious . i look forward to going back and trying another sandwich , they have a lot that sound really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really wanted to love it . everything about bruxie caught my eye and i could n't wait to try it out when i was staying nearby the restaurant during my recent vegas trip . i thought everything about the place was awesome until i tried my sandwich . i ordered the nashville hot . it might have been the sauce that comes on it but i was not a fan . the chicken did n't really have any flavors i was expecting - it was not spicy at all just very saucy . the relish sauce that came on the sandwich did not work for me . my boyfriend got the original fried chicken and waffle sandwich and mentioned that there was barely any sauce on his chicken sandwich which was very unfortunate . we also got an order of waffle fries ... which was basically 4 pieces . not exactly worth $ 3 . i love the restaurant logo , concept , and atmosphere . maybe my next experience will be better . looks like i 'll just have to check out another bruxie the next time i find one around me !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this 3 stars because the customer service very friendly and accommodating , i love chicken and waffles , but i do n't love mounds of greasy breading stuck between fluffy delicious waffles , i think they need to change their oil , this felt like heart attack on a waffle . i recommend u do n't get a waffle sandwich , instead anything else on the menu , waffles are spectacular , artesian sodas are tasty and there are a couple grilled options . they also have custard that looks delicious and decadent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they prove that waffles can go with everything . savory or sweet they have it . a little pricey but it is on the vegas strip so not unexpected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a fantastic lunch here ... the original was awesome and the staff was very attentive throughout our time there . definite recommend ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled onto this place with a group that was in search of dinner and i was in search of a sweet . thankfully i found that they had a belgian chocolate sundae on the menu . to my surprise when i got my order the ice cream was white . i asked a waiter if this was chocolate and he stared at me like i had ten heads i actually ended up asking him if he even worked here when he was so surprised . he told me the ice cream was chocolate so i just agreed . a friend in the group saw how confused i was and brought my sundae up to the front where she was told that they do n't even have chocolate ice cream ... .. just wondering why it 's even on the menu then ... . good thing their focus of the restaurant is not ice cream .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walked about 20 min to get to this place and was worth it every bit ! ordered the original waffle chicken sandwich and it was delicious ! i am pretty hard to please when it comes to finding decent american food , but this place definitely did it for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved this place when we stayed in vegas . i am a vegetarian but my friends who are not vegetarian said this was the best fried chicken they ever had ! the service was great and everything tasted so fresh and homemade . this place i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down a must visit on the strip ! extraordinary chicken waffles that you 'll savor down to the last bite . the chili honey seals the deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not really a fan of anything with waffles for dinner , but this was entirely different than i expected ! i ordered the carolina bbq pulled pork waffle sandwich and it was delicious ! the waffle itself was soft and `` bready '' , and the bbq sauce mixed with cheese and their cider slaw was so flavorful . i also ordered the fried chicken poutine fries which used waffle fries . i have to say , the fried chicken itself , is great . juicy , with the breading not overpowering the actual chicken at all . i ca n't wait to come back and try the other options on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting vegas for a few days . decided to top by based off the ratings . we ordered the traditional fried chicken sandwich . sandwich was fresh but a little to sweet for me with the honey dressing . coleslaw was good , the atmosphere is nice . we enjoyed the strawberry lemonade . def not worth of the 4.5 star rating it has but a good option if you want something quick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is by far the best chicken and waffle we have ever had . it 's a must stop if you are in vegas . i wish we could have gone more than once on our four day trip.. seriously . their fried chicken is so juicy and tender , and all of the flavors in the chicken and waffle original are so scrumptious . we also got the buffalo and bleu , which was so tasty and it had just the right amount of kick for breakfast . they have a fun soda selection and thanks to their friendly staff , we got to try many variations of the sodas , as well as their creamy custard . wow , i wish we could go back right now . awesome food and even better staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to bruxie twice . the first time i had the nashville hot sandwich and was thoroughly impressed . i liked it so much , i brought my relatives who came to town a couple weeks later . i was excited when i realized the breakfast sandwiches were available all day , and ordered the prosciutto and arugula one . again , knocked it out if the park ( no pun intended ) . . my mom and aunt were also really pleased with their selections . i really wish there was a location in the nw or summerlin , since i would go way more often . the desserts look fabulous too , but i never have room for one : ) reasonably priced , tasty food on the strip is hard to find , but bruxie does it right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the chicken tenders and fries . delicious ! highly recommend if your in vegas or close to the nyny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cake royale : an excellent niche for light socializing over very well-prepared dessert and the most unique latees in the area . their hazelnut latte ; the one i sampled , was creamy and light , with a sophiscated suggestion of hazelnut . although i opted for a salad to accompany which was the most exquisite romaine lettuce , strawberry , brie , cranberry and mozzarella shaving combo one could wish for . i would recommend this place for any satanic urge for sweet as the selection of muffins , cakes and crepes and beverages encompassing smoothies , teas and lattes to name a few was also vast . service was personable and great . loved it-looking forward to round 2 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a few days back i attended a birthday party of my friend s daughter and she ordered the cake from this bakery and it was truly tasty : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have nice deserts but one time we picked up some cupcakes and they were not all fresh ... some other time we ordered 2 cakes for our birthday party and it 's turned out well ... i liked their marble cake but chocolate cake we ordered my husband did n't like as much ... he said it just was n't anything special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best birthday cake in mississauga ( maybe in the gta ) . i have ordered a few and they never disappoint . ordering online is simple , nice people . the price is on the high end but it is worth it . every one of my friend like the cake . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best cupcakes ! i always find my sweet-tooth satisfied with one of these cupcakes . i make my way down here about once a month . and during my birthday month.. i think i get showered with cake royales cupcakes all month round because everyone knows how much i love them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to oakville , and so far the best cakes i 've had are from here . i ordered my mom 's birthday cake from here and it was perfect . the cake was sweet and moist , and the design was exactly what i asked for . everyone loved it i personally did n't like the cupcake because i do n't like icing , and not only did they have a top layer , but the cupcakes were stuffed with icing too . ginger cookies were really good , perfect sweetness . yes , i did try all of this.. and the 5 stars is based on the cakes because thats what i went in for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cafe . my family orders the klavir ( piano ) cake for birthdays and stuff , it 's sooo good they also have small miniature versions of large cakes for taste testing . i recommend this place to anyone especially those of mediterranean cultures . you must try the crepes too , particularly with nutella . however , i would advise that you share it with someone because they 're huge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "top notch company . we ordered a cake and everything went smoothly . also tasted fantastic . amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best in streetsville ! i go often for their blt sandwich ! cupcakes and treats are perfect at the end of lunch . always very friendly service and all food comes fast and is very fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a cake for my daughter 's birthday through their website . it was easy to do . they have lots of flavours available and pictures are shown so you 'll have an idea how the cake looks like . i ordered the 8-inch chocoholic cake . my husband picked up the cake from their shop in streetsville . i ca n't give a review of the shop 's aesthetic look because i have n't been there but i would like to say that the cake we ordered was so delicious ! it was so moist . and i can tell it was baked fresh . very good quality ! best birthday cake i 've bought in mississauga !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good fresh cake ! ordered a cake here for my sisters birthday and we all loved it ! good prices as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews before deciding that this was where i wanted to get my birthday cake from . only decided the night before so i went online and it said orders must be placed 48 hours in advance . i decided i would call anyway to find out what cakes they had available without ordering . spoke with a gentleman who was possibly the owner . i asked him what they had available and he had mentioned vanilla and that they would be making other cakes later . upon explaining my situation he asked me what cake i wanted . i mentioned the chocolate peanut butter crunch . he said he would check if they could make it and call me right back . sure enough within 10 minutes he called and said it would n't be a problem . extremely friendly and gracious and was making jokes with me on the phone . my dad picked it up that evening and the cake was amazing- very rich but so moist and peanut-buttery ! will definitely be using cake royale as a go to for birthday cakes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people know what moist cake should taste like ! i am addicted to the crepes and love getting special event cakes from here . with so much flavour and care put into each cake i truly understand why they get so many great reviews . they really are worth the try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a sweet little coffee shop . only been open a few months . the people are super nice the coffee is excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent and who could ask for anything more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this coffee shop ! i tried it for the first time today , and i love it . the atmosphere is great with friendly owners . they were very helpful in describing some of the drinks i had questions about . i had the cookie butter latte , and it was very delicious ! their espresso tastes great ! i will definitely be back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very cool mom and pop shop period they offer real teas ! they can custom-make anything that they have in stock for you . the baked goods look really good but i was too full to try any . the ac is blazing and the atmosphere is full with art . plus they have free wi-fi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in this morning to meet up with a business associate . we `` loitered '' for two hours , and got a ton of work done ! : ) she got a fantastic iced coffee drink , and i had the most amazing & fresh cookie i have had in forever . the prices were super affordable , and the service was outstanding ! it was the perfect spot for our meeting , they have free wifi that has a strong signal and did n't lag or drop once ! it was nice and quiet , there is lots of nice natural light from coming in the windows , and they have roomy table tops to hold laptops , notebooks , etc . there are also two seating areas with comfy lounge chairs if you want a nice spot to chat or read a book . we agreed it was a great spot , and def will be at the top of our list for future meetings , as well as social visits with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my experience at enroute . i had an excellent americano with half n half . my wife ordered the english breakfast tea . they brewed premium whole leaf tea and filled the tea sachet at the counter . we also tried two cookies from their pastry counter . i liked the atmosphere and i like that support other small local businisses like marley 's bakeshop . the peanut butter cookie was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always love checking out new local shops and i can tell this one is going to be the next hot spot . from the moment you walk in you can feel the relaxing and welcoming environment then you are greeted with a smile and warm welcome from the owners . while my order was being made i was chit chatting with them , their love and passion not only for their business but for the community is amazing and something you do n't get at other places . the prices are absolutely reasonable and when i tried my coconut cr\u00e8me cappuccino i knew i was hooked . i cant wait to try something else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners were warm and inviting . very open to questions . coffee was really good . excellent aroma , no bitter bite and rich taste . i had a cafe latte with an extra shot ( 3 shots ) . i get that regularly at `` other coffee '' shops and do n't get much of a `` kick '' . i had a strong caffeine buzz for about an hour . atmosphere is clean , and simple . 2 comfy chairs in the back and 2 in front . rest of seating were tables and chairs . would like a bit more padding for longer visits , but still good hang out spot . they have a real love for their community and give back to it . they do have a rewards card system . loved the whole vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously some of the best coffee i 've had in years ! bye bye dutch bros , i 've found my new go to coffee spot : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great atmosphere . it 's friendly , it 's bright . if i was in school , i would come here to study ! ! the drink was super good . it was a cookie butter latte . if you like biscoff , try this . the barista was courteous to ask if we liked our drinks more coffee-based or sweetener-based , even after he had made them ! ! customer service to the max . they do great with custom orders . bathroom , floors , chairs , restaurant equipment , etc were all super clean ! ! i love this place ! ! ! try it out ! ! do yourself a favor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and not the last . staff is very friendly and the coffee is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting this shop , and was surprised at how accommodating the owners were . i generally prefer getting lattes over drip coffee , and they had some unique options that i have n't seen at other shops before , like a cookie butter latte and a blackberry lavender mocha latte . definitely need to stop by again for another latte . i think they can expand their drip choices a bit more than medium and dark roast , but their other selections made up for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this new coffee shop is a great new addition to the west valley & much needed ! very trendy with a current atmosphere . the owners are very welcoming and friendly ! i had a triple espresso & 1 2 & 1 2 . the espresso is smooth just like it should be . my friend had the salted carmel macchiato , which was also spot on ! this will definitely be my stop of choice for coffee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is super clean , relaxing , and genuine kind hearted people run this place which makes you want to come here anymore . oh and the coffee and pastries are delicious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have found a great new coffee and tea show . the people are awesome and they go out of their way to make you feel like home . their holiday frappe are outstanding . we can not wait to get back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy to have a non chain coffee shop in town ! my husband , daughter and i stopped in to check it out . this is a local coffee shop with wifi and awesome owners . they are all about community and bringing people together . their coffee was amazing ! we had their medium brew . they have non-dairy milk options such as almond , coconut , and soy milk . their daughter bakes their pastries . my daughter had a pumpkin chocolate chip bread . i had a bite ... or two or three : ) very tasty ! we chatted with the owners and are very excited to they have opened a business they are passionate about ! cole support the local business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i were looking for a new coffee shop and we found a gem ! very relaxing atmosphere and very friendly staff ! ! the coffee and pastries were delicious too . try this place , you wo n't we disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the location- as there are literally no coffee shops on the west side that are n't chain . i ordered a large iced mocha and it was $ 5.40 for a large- which is 20 oz . i think that is overpriced for the size you are getting . i also think the cup was flimsy and the straw as well . i am a coffee snob i guess . i think coffee shops should have nice thick straws and sturdy cups- unless it 's mcdonald 's or dunkin which i would n't expect anyhow . the drink was better than starbucks and dutch bros- iced drinks anyways , but not priced right for the size . i would go back again , but would n't be a regular like i am at verrado- which is a drive . best part about the place is the friendly people who run it . they talk to you and you do n't find that just anywhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good coffee ! glad i found a new little spot not too far from home . they 've only been open for 2 months but when i went in the place was packed . we both got frozen frappes and they hit the spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chai tea was delicious . modern and quaint atmosphere . the owners are very friendly and personable . would definitely stop in again when i 'm in the west valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , the espresso here is pretty dang good . i have n't had a chance to try the drip yet , but i heard it 's also pretty good . the menu has a variety of drinks , and the people who run the place seem open to trying out other things . do n't use this one review as permission to demand your exotic drink you had one time in chiangmai . but you could ask nicely ? most importantly , the people here are outstanding . the ownership and employees are very kind and very helpful . if the coffee was just ok , i 'd return for the exemplary service . the coffee quality is a bonus ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous coffee , people and environment for work ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little coffee shop with awesome drinks and yummy baked goods ! prices are super , and service is fantastic ! can get most drinks iced or hot , and have lots of options for every taste . free wifi , quiet , lots of light from the windows and overhead . big tables with chairs , and comfy lounge chairs too . nice place to meet a client or business partner and work , or meet a friend and catch up . i love to live local , and know where i will be stopping in when i am meeting up in goodyear buckeye area ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a fantastic cup of coffee and scrumptious treats , you will love this warm , inviting coffee house , located in goodyear . from the first step in the front door you will feel welcomed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chocolate chip cookie is the best i have had in my life ! ! ! latte 's are great and the owners run it themselves and you can see the kindness in there eyes ! great place to study , have appointments or talk with friends . try a cookie though , seriously ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not in the area often , but when i am i will have to come back ! i got an iced tiramisu macchiato and it is by far one of the best espresso drinks i have had . the cafe is cute clean and comfortable . hopefully i 'll make it in earlier next time to taste some of the treats they offer . thy must be good because they were nearly sold out of everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! the owners are very friendly and the iced coffee is always delicious and strong ! ! the chocolate chip cookies are to die for also . highly recommended . the only thing my friend and i noticed that would have been nice is seating outside !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went to enroute because it 's right around the corner from our house . we walked in and the place is open , clean , and inviting . we decided to order the specialty cold brew and it tasted great . the sevice was friendly and the prices felt fair ( unlike starbucks or dutch brothers ) . in fact , the barista was 2 ounces short on my wife 's coffee so he gave us the drink on the house . i would definitely recommend enroute to anyone looking for a great cup of coffee and amazing , friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite little coffee shop . delicious coffee and treats ! the owners are very sweet and helpful ! never a bad experience ! ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice local coffee shop . my boyfriend and i both got the drip coffee , and it was lovely . fresh brewed ! my friend got the new blackberry lavender white chocolate latte and she was very pleased . the service was tremendous . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm all about eating local , and let 's be honest , starbucks always messes up my drink , so i 'm always on the hunt for a new local coffee shop ! living in gilbert they are everywhereeee , but on the west side of town they 're a bit harder to find . we came across this place last week and fell in love ! the staff is super friendly , the atmosphere is welcoming , and i love how they display the local school 's art work on the walls for all to see . we will for sure be back ! ! side note : i wish y'all opened maybe an hour earlier so i could grab a cup before heading to downtown for work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful customer service and real good coffee ! ! ! ! love that they opened up a family owned coffee shop . you can see their dedication with every cup they pour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am quickly becoming a regular here at this place ! the coffee and chai is amazing , beautiful inside decor , comfy seating and clean ! the owners are super nice people and always friendly conversation when i go in . glad to finally have a nice local coffee shop in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new coffee shop in the west valley . it 's super cute and the coffee is delicious . i had the almond toffee cappuccino and my boyfriend had the salted caramel macchiato both were amazing ! owners were super friendly . i will be making an appearance often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners and staff are very friendly and coffee was great . nice atmosphere and more space than most coffee spots . we 'll definately be back . note : this establishment is on the south side of roosevelt , not the north as the directions imply .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is amazing ! they also have pastries and tea ! the owners are extremely friendly ! also , family owned and operated ! great neighborhood addition ! very clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as another local business owner , i jump at any chance to support an independent , family-owners business . we were so excited when this place opened up and so close to our home and business ! the shop is warm and welcoming and the owners are the same ! the coconut cappuccino and biscotti were delicious and i ca n't wait to be a regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable ! this is a small coffee shop and it seems as the owners are the ones working the counter . it takes a bit to get your coffee , because they clearly are taking time to make a quality beverage . i ordered the blackberry mocha and it was a little sweet , but unique with great espresso . my husband ordered the cold brew coffee and said it was really good . we were sitting in the cafe for quite a bit so he went to get a second and they were nice enough to just offer a refill . they do n't have a huge selection of food offerings and i would like to see some breakfast choices to make it a nice early morning adventure . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love a local coffee shop ! stopped in for some iced coffee ( white mocha and salted caramel ) and was not disappointed ! i also had a peanut butter cookie from their bakery items and it was so flavorful and moist ! definitely going to be coming here often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to goodyear and i was waiting for something around the area to open and saw this cute little coffee shop and i 'm so happy i walked in ! ! bridgette was extremely helpful with explaining the different types of coffee and i decided on a french toast iced latte . it was a little too sweet for my taste , but she said she can always modify the sweetness as well if you still wanted to try it because it was still so amazing , so if you love gingerbread cookies you will love this ! ! it is really quiet , free wifi and is honestly just so cute ! ! i would recommend this over any other coffee shop hands down ! ! also going to be my new little get away hole in the wall to study and read ! ! will definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place . friendly staff and the dirty chai is to die for . there were a lot of people relaxing and having meetings or just visiting . a very warm and welcoming place . this place would be perfect if they had donuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! stopped by when ordering food next door . they couple that works there were super friendly . the macha chai that i had was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy to have a local coffee shop near home ! the owners are super friendly and make fantastic drinks ! the pastries are all made locally and super delicious . loved the blueberry scone i tried !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee is delicious . very good service . the atmosphere is great . definitely coming back to explore the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this coffee shop . owners are amazing people ! they focus to help and outreach their community . i always get the iced coconut creme latte with coconut flakes ! the only thing is that they need to be opened a little later ! overall amazing service = great coffee ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic espresso . strong , rich , and smooth . had the opportunity to talk to the owners and it made me like the place even more . i could n't recommend it more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great little coffee shop ! the atmosphere is very relaxed . chai was great ! my wife really loved the green tea , also . owners are really nice people , very involved with the community . happy we came across this gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee snob here and i have to say that i 'm very happy to finally have some good coffee on the west side ! the customer service is outstanding and have some awesome sweets ! just caution on the flavored lattes . they put 8 pumps in a 20oz which is way too sweet for my taste . i just ask for 4 or 6 instead", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic coffee , even better people . very friendly and community first . was able to get my order memorized after two or three visits ! great place for this community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , the only place i go to get my coffee other than at home . every time i go in to town , i have to get my coffee . and they 're simply lovely people . great vibes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious coffee and treats ! we 've never had a bad experience here and the staff is always so friendly and helpful ! ! really yummy macchiatos and cold brews ! ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love being able to enjoy local businesses ! this place is perfect . best white chocolate mocha i 've ever had . recommended by a local goodyear az resident that visits this shop daily ! could n't ask for better service ! also a plus is their christian values promoted on the cup ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a president 's day afternoon and walked in a slow post lunch hour . i could n't help but notice how the decor was art wrk done by a local high school . it turns out the theme gets changed every so often . as my first trip , i tried the cookie and cream frappe . i enjoyed it . the service being superbly friendly and pleasing topped my review to a five star . come check it out yourself : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious coffee , kind staff and peaceful atmosphere . i am from out of town but was treated as a regular local . will come back next time i 'm in goodyear !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place . best customer service i 've ever experienced . they are so personable and friendly . i come here any chance i get . not to mention their drink choices are amazing . everything i have had there has been delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely place ! warm and welcoming . great place to meet with friends . they have comfortable chair seating and table seating , free wi-fi . coffee was hot and delicious . i got a orange scone and it was absolutely delicious . i thought they were very reasonably priced . i like that they offer a rewards program .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tend to judge coffee places by their cappuccinos . this place is legit . my wife got the cappuccino and i tried their almond toffee cappuccino . wow ... delicious . we will most definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! next time i 'm in goodyear , i 'll definitely swing in by again : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! locally owned by cool people , very comfortable hang out . these people support local businesses and art and we should support them ! coffee was excellent at a great price too ! they sell the sugar free chai mix too , which is hard to find , among other things !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are so excited that goodyear now has a great coffee shop . love the atmosphere and the customer service . its a great place to relax and hang out . the owners actually work the counter and are very friendly . i just drink regular coffee and theirs is as good as any . however my wife raves about the other drinks as being superior to others she has had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cup of coffee ! very nice and clean interior with plenty of seating for reading and writing . the staff is very friendly . it 's great to have a place like this close to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their dirty chai and their bakery goods are always good ! the customer service is excellent and the owners are very friendly ! if you are looking for quality coffee and teas this is the place to go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! the service is personable , and will they will assist making your perfect drink . i loved their suggestions , and kindness since i was new to their coffeehouse . i had the coconut cream latte , and the key lime cookie ... delicious ! the place is very cozy to hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! ! ! ! carmel vanilla frappe good thing i am not closer . i would have 2 a day ! ! ! the owners are amazing ! ! and u actually get a coffee drink with coffee in it . not coffee flavoring . conviantly located off the 10 south i work over that areas on mondays . makes my monday worth it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop , super friendly staff , and most importantly ... awesome coffee ! highly recommend the coconut cold brew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time going yesterday since my son and his band performed for the desert edge art show that was being held there . it was very nice of them to allow this at their place of business . the place has great seating and very laid back . i 'll definitely be returning to try more of their drinks . i had the horchata frappe which was really good ! check them out , you wo n't be disappointed . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee and great customer service , really a must go for morning coffee , they have great organic coffee and beat the quality of the chains", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys spend time with you in store to make sure your time spent on the course are good . the other review does justice to what these guys provide . i went in there and was looking to buy 2-3 new discs , and was urged not to get them ... . wha you do n't want me to spend more money ? `` nope this is the disc from what you described was in my opinion the best suited for you , if it does n't work we 'll help you pick a different one . '' these guys are a true gift to the sport ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great store , with great selection , and great prices . mike , the owner , is always great to speak with and is very knowledgeable . the staff continues to impress me . easy to rate at 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful place to come if you 're needing an adjustment . it 's affordable . it 's fast . it 's convenient . best of all the staff is amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to check this place out on the referral of a co-worker . i checked the website and read over reviews and found the best location for me . today was the best day for me to visit the location . i arrived at the location at 5:44pm to my surprise the girl at the front desk tells me `` we take our last first time patient at 5:30 and our hours our 10:00am-7:00pm . '' i replied i know the hours i 've viewed them and nowhere online does it say new patients need to be there by a certain time . she did n't say anything thing else or check because it was empty . simply said i wo n't go back to ever be a `` first time anything there '' . sorry traffic sucks and do n't call yourself walk-in if you 're truly not !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no appointment is needed , and there 's a very short wait time if any . the providers are direct and effective . i 've avoided chiropractic management for years , and have passed this place many times ; starbucks is next door , etc ... now i look forward to each session . so far so good , and i 'd recommend this facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't seen a dr here that i do n't like ! dr spring is great though ! they are always quick and i can go without an appointment ! starbucks is next door if there is a wait , the waiting area is comfy too ! such a great value for the monthly membership price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well dr robinson is approved ! ! i was gimping coming in and walking straight on the way out ! i wish i lived here . we were passing thru town and i told my huney to pull in.. till next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always have great customer service as soon as i walk in the door until i leave . dr. laura peterson is always upbeat and has a positive attitude . she listens and talks with you about your daily activity to get a great understanding of what 's going on with your body . i 've been to three other chiropractors and dr. peterson and her staff have been the best . oh and i feel great after every visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. thomas who is currently the main chiropractor at this location is amazing ! highly recommend ! super friendly and takes his time and gives a great adjustment ! i love the walk-in process and there is usually not much of a wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we adopted two dogs from mini mighty mutts . both dogs we love very much . they had some medical issues that the rescue handled before adoption . considering that , plus they were both spayed and neutered , had their shots , and microchipped , the adoption fee is very reasonable . also they did a home visit to make sure the dogs got along with our other dogs and cats . so much better than just bringing a dog home only to find out it hates cats or is not housetrained ! the whole group has been helpful when we had training questions . one of he best small dog rescues in arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing volunteers , and 2 of our rescues came from mmm : ) best rescue organization we have worked with ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had our rescue dog penny , that we adopted from mini mighty mutts , for a while now and we love her dearly . she has been a true joy and makes us smile every single day . she is a very loving little dog . mini mighty mutts is a 100 % nonprofit , 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) , all volunteer , small dog rescue organization . all the volunteers donate an incredible amount of personal time and resources to these little homeless pups . the medical needs of these tiny canines are covered by the adoption fees and by private donation . it 's a wonderful group of caring people doing an amazing thing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scratch may have the best french toast i 've ever had ! with a little caramelization on the edges and served with fresh berries , it was like breakfast and dessert rolled into one . but such a large portion , even i could n't finish it , and that 's sayin ' something if you know me . definitely enough for two ladies to share . i was a little confused coming in , but if you 're eating in , grab a table and they will take your order . the pastry case seemed a little empty , but we arrived about 15 minutes after they opened . still it surprised me they did n't have any croissants ready . that 's when we decided to order off the menu . since i did n't try a pastry and it is scratch pastries , i 'm holding the 5th star until i try one . i 'm thinking an eclair is in my future real soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scratch pastries is one of the best place to get sandwiches . i love their smoked duck breast w walnut , moist and tender with the crunchiness from walnuts . while salads in general are not high on my list , i really like their salad that comes with the sandwiches . the dressing is really good and perfect for the salad . do n't forget to try the chicken breast w dijon mustard mayo & italian ham w aged comte cheese sandwiches too . i forsee myself coming back to this place everytime i have a hankering for a good sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the urban feel contrasted with the french cuisine and pastries . i usually get the foie gras sandwich ( comes with a salad & amazing vinagrette ) which leaves just enough room for ... dessert ! i 've tried quite a few pastries and do n't have anything bad to say about any of them . i do prefer the milk chocolate tart to the dark even though i 'm usually a dark chocolate person . so that 's a darn good tart . dessert cups tend to be very sweet . great friendly atmosphere and definitely interesting to see an asian guy with a french accent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ehh , came in here to get a coffee and the condescending tattooed waitress just ruined the whole trip for my fiancee and i . the display looked great , and to judge a place without actually eating there is not my style . however , customer service is very important , and not only was she rude , but also kind of insulting . personally i would not go back . scratch this off my list ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gosh , i remember adding this business to yelp when i was there the first time for a birthday party . i 've been back a few times since then and i 'm surprised that i have n't managed to write up a review . really good sushi with some creative and interesting offerings . i usually get four or five rolls as take out and there has yet to be a problem with anything missing . plenty of chop sticks , enough soy sauce to float a boat and the sushi is always very well packed and prepared . the seaweed salad is excellent . or try the dragon egg . they are located in the plaza between five guys and firehouse subs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent ! not the greatest location , but very well-decorated and cute ( left over from previous miwa restaurant here ) . sushi fish was very fresh , but presentation just needs a little bit of work . it 's close , but maybe the sushi chef is newer to the craft . everything was tasty , and service was speedy and pretty personal . i felt like i could ask the owner or single server working for anything . they should probably have more people working on busier nights ( we ate there on a sunday ) . i saw a couple of women eating here by themselves . the environment must feel friendly enough for that . just a couple of ambience items ... some music in the dining area would be great , and the big screen tv behind the sushi chef is such an eye sore ! this cute little place is too small for that . replace with art , or , masa , if you must have the tv , play silent japanese videos , movies , or tv ! we will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the best ! i agree with the other reviewer who said that it is a hidden gem . the interior is calm , clean , and decorated- a very pleasant and appealing atmosphere . the staff ( especially the manager ! ! ) are awesome ! i am always happy to see them when i go in or they show up with my delivery order . i am either in here or ordering delivery from them all the time . after moving to charlotte from san diego , i was a little panicked that i 'd go into withdrawals from my sushi addiction , and so i was ecstatic to find this place , especially up in steele creek . woo hoo ! i have tried almost everything on the menu , and so far there is nothing that disappoints . my husband who is a little less enthusiastic about sushi likes a lot of menu items also . bottom line : great people , great service , great food - give this place a shot ! i do n't know where i 'd be without them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good for a quick sushi night , but the service is just ridiculous . for a night where there are only 4 tables full , the two chicks ( both look like hostesses rather than waitresses ) , clearly could care less about service . we started with hot sake , quick and dirty . an order of dumplings for an appetizer and three rolls . we waited 20 minutes before two of the rolls were served . after reminding the waitress hostess that we ordered dumplings as an app and another roll , she apologized . 10 minutes later we got the dumplings . we never did get the third sushi roll ! at no point did anyone ask if we needed anything . everytime i wanted something i had to yell at the chick to get her attention . i would give three stars if it were not for the service . will not be going back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't let the vicinity to a bilo keep you away as this easily ranks among the top sushi i 've had in charlotte . i passed by it the first month or two after moving to south charlotte but finally gave in based on yelp reviews and have gone there nearly weekly since . the sushi is very fresh and never tastes `` fishy '' . the menu is very good but feels a bit limited sometimes . also i 've accidentally ordered a sushi roll that is fully fried a few times on accident when the menu is a bit unclear . all you need to know is the interior is very sleek , the prices are fairly reasonable , proportions are good ( especially for sashimi ) , wait staff is nearly always fantastic , service is quick , presentation is very good and the `` hella hot '' is not spicy but is very delicious and is my favorite roll . i 've been looking for other sushi places but masa has been far better than 4-star ( yelp ) sushi spots i 've visited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . great service from the owner manager . the young girls they employ have zero customer service skills . sitting down and texting , eating subs and no respect for customers . the food is decent but the service makes it worth missing out on . 2 stars for the smiling manager whom has been friendly the few times i have visited .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love love love masa . i 've never eaten inside the restaurant , but they deliver to my house . no where else nearby can you get good chinese food as well as sushi delivered . we order from here at least once every 2 weeks . last night i called in an order and they warned me it would be around 40 minutes for delivery , but then showed up at the front door less than 20 minutes later ! i would recommend this place for delivery to anyone in the steele creek area of charlotte . they are very nice too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered delivery , what a waste of money ! the delivery guy was knocking the door so hard and look mad , i was scared to open the door . so rude ! pad thai taste nothing like it should be , it tastes like a combination of fish sauce and ketchup , ew the sesame chicken has a slippery breading and they use dark meat ! i just threw it away ! gross ! so disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best sushi in steele creek ! ! ! ! if you love sushi you will love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so masa is located in a plaza near steele creek . the restaurant is small and from the outside you would think it 's just another take out chinese restaurant . luckily with the recommendation of our friends we gave this place a chance . i 'm so glad we did now it got me thinking so when 's the next time we can come back again ? that was my experience at least . the price is really reasonable consideration we went there for dinner . we tried the dragon egg on the sushi list . which is weird because it is n't your typical sushi but mannnnn is it goooood . presentation and taste wise everything was awesome ! ! : d if you order fried rice it comes in a pineapple . awesome . we had two entrees , soup , sushi and it was just about $ 20 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been patient with this place at least twice . third time is definitely not a charm . placed an online order . it said it will be here within 45 to 65 mins . called the restaurant to check on the order . the rudest lady answer the phone . did n't ask for my name.. just cut me off mid way to say all orders are sent out and she normally tell ppl it will take 1hr to 1hr and 15mins . i mentioned that it been longer than 1hr and 15mins.. her response . well it 's gone . i do n't have any bags here so i ca n't tell you if your order is here or not . i 'm like you did n't even ask for my name to try and check ... i am livid.. their food help my craving for chinese at time . and do provide sushi rolls to help me with my fix . but with soo many other chinese restaurants in the area that delivers . i wo n't be ordering from here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to love this place . however the quality and service have declined . not a spot i go to anymore . sorry it just seems like they are cutting corners with some of the dishes and just not good anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "note : this is a draft i just posted , that 's over a year old ... misleading from the outside ; the staff is very friendly and helpful , and the sushi is great . awesome , low key place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "masa is an oasis in a vast sea of mediocre sushi . though not the best sushi i 've ever eaten ( and i 've eaten sushi in many states ) , i can definitely say that the sushi at masa is made with care and respect for the ingredients . the rice is cooked well and seasoned perfectly . the fish is selected carefully and sliced neatly . and the sushi is crafted by chefs who understand their craft and who work to create culinary art . the portions are on the small side , but the prices reflect this . the non-sushi portion of the menu is acceptable . the tempura appetizer was a huge portion of shrimp and vegetables . the batter was a bit on the heavy side , but the dish was fine . the chinese dishes were good but standard fare . service was a bit rushed but again- this restaurant makes no pretenses to being a high end dining experience . overall- if you are looking for good sushi , masa is a good choice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food . try shrimp tempura and singapore noodles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem-do not let the shopping center location deter you ! highly recommend-excellent service , a must try . seating is limited-call ahead for a large group . decor is updated and modern-will definitely be back again and again ! food-excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place because it 's totally vegan friendly and she 'll totally accommodate your needs .. the hostess is so charismatic and the place is in pretty good shape .. small and quaint .. clean and yummy .. great prices and good service : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delivery a few weeks ago . nothing special at all except fast delivery . the rice tasted days old and the kung pao chicken was not good at all . veggies were large but way undercooked . i would not order from here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for sushi on a sunday night and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food , service and atmosphere . the fish was fresh and beautifully prepared . this is an absolute gem that has got to be under appreciated by the masses - seriously some of the best sushi i 've had in charlotte ! masa sushi just earned two new loyal customers in this happy couple !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have lived here for nearly 3 years and this used to be one of our favorite places around . within the last year the service has been absolutely awful and the servers do n't have a clue as to what they are doing . then we did a take home order and noticed there sanitation rating was in the 70 's yikes ! ! ! wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i still continue to go to this place on a regular basis . the food still is always superb and the service there is impeccable . i 've taken lots of different people there , and everyone has always loved it . if you 're in this area of charlotte , you should definitely check this place out . it 's one of those hidden gems in a strip mall that you 'll be happy you visited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem ! we have ordered take out 2x and decided to actually dine in the last time we went . the inside is super clean and very modern . the food was excellent and the sushi was fresh . the chicken fried rice was some of the best i have ever had , as well as the general chicken . both dine in and delivery have been great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my fav sushi spots in the queen 's city . the volcano rolls are to die for , i seriously crave them all the time , living 3 hours away is no fun ! the owner is such a sweet man ! he always remembers us . we also love the house fried garlic shrimp . def give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is always a go to for sushi . the sushi is good ! ! volcano roll is always perfect . spring rolls are awesome . friendly staff . offer suggestions when undecided . i recommend for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good sushi i have been there twice in the past two weeks , very good sushi , and friendly employees , the crunchy roll is a must ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've done takeout here about 5 times . the food was always really good . my favorite items to get is the fried chicken wings and shrimp fried rice plate . the pork fried rice is pretty good too . just remember if you do takeout , remember to ask the person ringing you up to give you soy sauce or whatever for your rice . they do not put soy sauce in your bag at all like other places . that 's where the 4 stars instead of 5 come from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am very picky about take-out chinese asian food restaurants , and had completely given them up for many years however , this place is legit : clean well kept , good quality food , decently priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was really good ... service was ehh ! slow sunday night , n our servers were in the weeds . hopefully she was new ! besides that , everything was awesome . i definitely recommend to eat here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a hidden gem ! you would never think a sushi place next to a bilo would be sooooo good ! the sushi was so fresh and they were willing to swap a few things around for my friend and i . we go the volcano roll and the cherry blossom but instead of tuna in the cherry blossom we got salmon . we could n't decide which we like better ! then we decided to split the `` happy family '' dinner which had , chicken , beef , shrimp , and scallops with veggies ! so much food for such a decent price . and the service was very friendly and fast ! i found out they also deliver ! score ! sushi delievered right to my house ? ! what could be better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love not only is it sushi it 's chinese as well , and it 's great so much better than fortune cookie 2 i lucked up in this place from this app because i wanted to change chinese restaurants because i was n't getting the proper treatment service at fortune cookie however when i called masa they knew exactly where i was did n't place me on hold to search for 30mins smh ... i will recommend this restaurant to anyone because the food in great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great for delivery . simple , basic , yummy chinese food and sushi . even though they say it will take 45 minutes almost everytime we call , it 's gets here much quicker !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is one of my fav and usual spots to dine at when i 'm craving sushi ! absolutely love love love their sushi and food ! it 's super fresh and super tasty . i 'm so glad to see that this restaurant has blossomed . i remember when they first opened and when they barely had any foot movement . this little hidden gem now has waits on a friday evening for dinner service ! i could n't be any happier to support this local restaurant . the owner is such a sweetheart himself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` how about you mind your own business , it 's not a fancy restaurant it 's a small restaurant . shut up , eat your food and move on . be grateful that you have food to eat unlike other people in other countries ! '' `` no anger just showing you that you are ungrateful chick ! have a nice life bitch . '' wow , this is what i get for writing a review ! thanks masa , these are your people ! is sam o of sanford the owner ! ! ? ? cool , i have it all in writing ! it 's called `` libel '' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fairly average sushi in a part of town where there are n't many sushi options . my co-worker and i split the cherry blossom , spicy tuna , crunchy , and another roll with jalepeno . we requested whole pieces of tuna instead of chopped and they obliged . they also offer your choice of two `` basic '' rolls for $ 7.99 lunch special ... they are quite basic 1 ingredient rolls and to add something like avocado to the roll is a dollar upcharge . overall i felt everything tasted fine- but nothing stood out . the service though friendly was very very slow - almost two hours for a sushi lunch . as far as its location - it is situated in a strip mall and is n't much to look at on the outside but the inside is just fine and appeared to be very clean . while i would n't go out of my way to return , i would n't write it off either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not the best sushi i 've had in my life , but good enough that i 'll come back again ! the service was pretty good thanks to a nice and attentive waitress . luckily , i noticed we got the good waitress as i saw there was another waitress that was n't paying much attention to her tables . we had a few of the specialty rolls as well as the chinese doughnuts and the seaweed salad and all of them were pretty tasty . the chef also was super nice and brought some of the plates out to us directly . be aware though , we went on a friday night and found it pretty busy . we only had to wait a few minutes to get an open booth , but i bet this place can get pretty crowded !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised by this place . always passed it but never orders until today . california rolls were good and surprisingly very reasonable . the restaurant itself is quaint , all small seating area with a sushi bar . i will definitely return and look forward to trying out more items on the menu . besides sushi they also have a typical `` chinese food '' menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off let me just say the staff is very friendly ... but it was strike one when we walked in and it said japanese but we got chinese menus lol ... but then we ordered the coconut shrimp and it was very underwhelming , but i hop straight to strike 3 when the `` sushi '' came out along with our other food , let 's just say nothing was authentic . except the asian workers . for $ 40 we will not be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hate to change this but ... i seem to attract unusual things in my food . at other places i 've gotten broken chicken bone shards ( ouch ) in burritos and fruit labels in stir fry . masa added the rather mundane bug to my list of unexpected food finds . at least it was the only bug i caught from there that day . previous 5 review : this place is amazing ! their sushi is always good and tastes fresh . there 's nothing really stand out great about it but in the probably twenty times i 've been , i 've only had a couple mediocre experiences . this is definitely my go to place for sushi in the steel creek area . like another reviewer said , the dragon egg while on the more expensive side is excellent and worth it ! go during lunch and they have a really good deal on two sushi rolls , ca n't remember the cost but it 's what i usually get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their sushi is some of the freshest and best tasting in the area ... we 've normally gone for lunch and the service has been pretty attentive and friendly . i got the chicken , pineapple , fried rice the other day and they bring it out in half of a pineapple ! it was delicious as well . oh and their very best roll is the cherry blossom ! ! ! yummy ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite restaurant for chinese but the wait staff needs proper training . some of the girls are nice but most are young and spend more time texting than they should . i order take out most of the time . the food is always delicious but the atmosphere is n't that great but its hard to beat the pricing . i would highly recommend the food but the staff needs proper training and management in order to get a five star review .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , been here several times and the food is always great quality & tastes great , staff is super friendly and prices are incredibly fair . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is terrible , food is well above average and amazing for the price . often times you wo n't be able to get them on the phone , there 's a reason for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so first time here , and wo n't be going back . the food was just awful . wanton soup tasted terrible , not sure what it was but off after taste . the spicy crab roll was not cut evenly , huge pieces and small pieces , looked like a child trying . the roll was n't even remotely hot , even the wasabi was dull . rice with entree was n't cooked properly and was still hard in middle . the sesame chicken was made with dark meat and was so bad i could n't even eat more than a few bites of it . on the way out i also noticed the inspection rating from december 7 was a 91 , if i had seen that before would n't have even tried it . would not recommend this to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch . great lunch menu with great prices . food came out really quick . actually , a little too quick for me . however , food had good flavor . i ordered chicken and shrimp with fried rice . staff was friendly but never refilled my water or checked on me . and i was sitting in her direct view . overall , good food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my go to place in the neighborhood if i want something asian or for sushi . while it does n't have the variety that some of the uptown sushi restaurants have , it does have a decent selection to appeal to different types of sushi lovers . ( i typically like mine flash friend and i love the jewelry box roll ! ) it is nice to be able to have a good option without having to leave the neighborhood . if i feel like having an entree as opposed to sushi i am just as pleased . the food does n't leave me feeling bloated or greasy , while they give you a decent sized portion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! we love eating in or having it delivered . they are always prompt and very courteous ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delish and price spot on ! service was good . it was an off time after 2pm . want to visit again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want good sushi that is both fresh and reasonably priced , masa is a solid choice . i both visit the location , and take advantage of the delivery service . salmon dream rolls and gyozo delivered to my front door ? ! yes , please . both the food and the service are great . i highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hole in the wall with pretty great sushi . definitely a hidden gem within steele creek . their menu has a good variety of options & they have great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad sushi quality . we ordered to go and the presentation was exactly like the prepackaged rolls @ harris teeter . the rolls were horrible and small especially for the price ! ! never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is really good . the only downfall is probably the service provided here . we had to flag down the waitress every time we needed something . i would 've gave it a four star despite the service . had the volcano roll and it was delicious !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a huge sushi lover and this place is great ! it is nestled between a bilo and a tanning salon ( do n't let that deter you ) . the sushi is fresh -- the portions are huge and the lunch menu is very reasonably priced . it is worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten there once and have gotten delivery about 5 times . with a few exceptions , everything has been not just top notch in taste but the proportions are very generous ! and to top it off the pricing is a very good value for the money . one night i ordered the beef pad-thai and i swear i thought they made a mistake and sent me a family dinner it was so loaded with food ! ! and no matter which part of the huge menu i ate from , it was either good or great ! sushi , sushi rolls , japanese tempura or noodles . and of course all the chinese dishes - everything has been great . oh and the best part of ordering from home - their delivery is really fast . blows away any pizza delivery i ever had in charlotte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! very impressed with their food . large portions , well presented , delicious and ridiculously fresh . the veggies impressed me the most . extremely fresh and brightly colored . i dont like many chinese foods due to the fact the veggies are usually wilted , mushy and look like theve been under a heat lamp for a week . this place is the complete opposite . very fresh . its a small place , well decorated , the staff is very nice and attentive . definitely will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried this place for the first time tonight and were really surprised at how good it was ! first off , i was impressed they had the nigori unfiltered cold sake - my favorite . we had a few rolls for an appetizer and they were fresh and nicely made . we also had the pad thai with beef ( which actually has a tomato based sauce and was oddly good ! ) . the chow fun wide noodles with beef was awesome . the beef in both was really tender and tasty . seriously good . we 'll be back for sure . did i mention the chow fun noodles ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we really like masa . pineapple fried rice is tasty , but we usually go for the 2 for $ 7 lunch special . sushi is not the most creative or even the best , but it is quality and great for this area ( without driving into the city ) . the owner is very kind and the staff are friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here about once a week for sushi . it is fresh , delicious and affordable . i generally stick with the basic rolls , the philly and the spicy tuna because i actually want to taste the fish ... .but every once i awhile i will get a specialty roll like the salmon dream roll which was awesome . they always give a spicy mayo to go if you 're picking up and do n't charge extra for it . they also have a great sushi lunch roll combo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is always great here . the food is always yummy . i usually order the pineapple chicken ... which is placed in a pineapple !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best japanese food i have ever had . everything was fresh , staff very friendly , and minimal wait to be served . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh , sushi not that great . atmosphere is weird since its a small place . the girls they have working their ( door and waitress ) are totally clueless and make the experience not worth it . it 's kind of a smaller chinese japanese restaurant with ok sushi . bar selection is the normal asian minimal attempt to having beer . i think they struggle with their identity and what they want to specialize in ... at this point it 's not much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the first review i 've taken the time to write . the `` fried '' rice is nothing but brown rice . the vegetables have no taste . the curried shrimp is unbearably hot . the egg rolls are disgusting . soup broth is like water . avoid . much better places around . what happened ? the food here used to be excellent . i 'd call and complain but i do n't plan on ever going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great quality of food and friendly staff . i 'd recommend the emperors shrimp and fried rice . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "does n't look like much on the outside , but they have good food , good customer service , and a clean , cozy atmosphere . we just moved to the area and are happy to have this place nearby ( and happy they deliver ! ) do n't let the less than appealing exterior stop you from giving this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "servers were attentive and informative . we might have over-ordered , not knowing how large their sushi rolls would be . two of their special rolls were certainly large enough for my fianc\u00e9 and i to split for dinner , with an appetizer . the crab rangoon was pretty similar to what you can get anywhere else , but we really enjoyed our choices of sushi rolls . however , i was not a fan of the fried rice we ordered as a side , it was lacking on flavor . note : the `` hella hot '' was actually not that spicy , but we usually like our food with a lot of kick . 4 5 stars , i think we 'll definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great ! only giving 2 stars because service has gotten worse each time we started eating here . if you do n't mind being asked for your order multiple times , this place is it ! but the food is really good though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here to eat in , food is good service was n't great but mainly because she never actually asked what i wanted to drink , will definitely come back and try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great for a neighborhood sushi joint . they have good lunch specials and i have never been disappointed with the food . a wide variety of sushi from your trendy americanized maki rolls to your authentic nigiri .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi was great , especially the cherry blossom roll . spicy tuna rolls were on the small side . ginger salad was also good . used a different ginger dressing than the traditional one japanese restaurants use , but it was pretty good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . i recommend delivery . my experiences in the restaurant have been just so so and the alcohol selection is n't good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good quality and the service is fast ! i ate at masa on a friday and it was packed . it took me less than 35 minutes to order , eat and pay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is absolutely delicious . their service is superb and the environment is clean and intimate . nothing but praises : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i can not rate how the food tastes at masa . my fianc\u00e9 and i went in tonight with a sushi craving . 25 minutes after we gave our order , the waitress returned asking if the ticket she was holding was ours and apologized for ( what we finally realized was ) not sending our order to the chef . a forgivable mistake , as i was a server for many years ; however , after waiting another 30 minutes , watching all of the other tables in the restaurant begin and finish their meals , no water refills , and no visit from management , we decided that 1 hour was too long to wait for raw food . we wo n't go back , not because of the wait , but because of the no existence of customer service . we ended up eating dinner 2 later than planned at harry 's tavern an ayrsley , where the food and service was amazing . sorry , but masa needs to up their game . the one star i gave is for the nice looking backsplash behind the sushi bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh man , what do i even say ? i was nervous at first cause it seemed like it might end up being ... you know ... but god was i wrong ! i love masa , i wish i could eat there every day . i actually have miso soup and a salmon dream roll on its way to my apartment right now . and i ca n't wait . good service , very quick . extremely good sushi , awesome quality and amazing items on the menu without being too overwhelming . full bar , which is awesome . it 's also never crowded which i love . i hate restaurants where i have to yell to talk to people . such a great place . i love that i am walking distance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never eaten there before but decided since we live close by i would order and pick up . i should know and have never ordered pad thai from anywhere other than a thai restaurant . i should have known when the hostess made it a point to state that theirs was different than a normal version when i picked it up . i also ordered fried rice . the pad thai was so bad , we wasted a container and most of another . i called 15 minutes later to restaurant to ask if i could exchange unused one for something we would eat or else we would throw it away . the restaurant was not willing to do so . the `` fried rice '' was also white in color . i will never eat here again . the worst food i have experienced in a very loongg time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here for the first time today and had lunch . do n't overlook this place just because it 's outside appearance in a strip by an old grocery store . i was impressed with the decor , thinking it would be a dive inside but it 's actually nice . it 's small but has a clean feel . the waitress was extremely helpful with my questions and accommodating as well . i am a vegetarian and i did not have the sushi but what i did have was fresh . the ginger salad was typical to one you 'd find at any japanese place but had a slightly nicer feel to it with the presentation of color . i will definitely go back to try more items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonight was a very special evening . my daughter and i went on a valentine 's date . the staff at masa made us feel like we were the only customers in the restaurant , as they always do with all of their customers . the sushi is by far the freshest and best tasting in charlotte ! it is also the best deal in charlotte ! the atmosphere is cozy and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a good place for me if i want sushi nearby . i 've been here about four times and i have never been disappointed . miso soup was pretty good . and all of the sushi rolls i have gotten have been really good and fresh . i always enjoy coming here . recommend to any sushi lovers ! also , i went once with a friend and she got a a vegetarian option and she really enjoyed it ! do n't remember the name though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went here and we liked the place . the roll prices are really reasonable , so we tried a bunch . our favorite is probably the sexy salmon , but it was hard to pick . it 's a great place to go to if you feel like going out to eat but do n't want to feel obligated to get dolled up . great for a tuesday night casual dinner or a long saturday date night meal . it could easily go both ways . we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chinese food in the area and great for takeout , although i would say the sushi is only ok. had lunch here a few times as well and the food and service were both good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we eat at masa at least once a week . it is by far the best sushi we have ever had . we have spent hundreds of dollars at sushi places in la that could n't hold a candle to masa . the fish at masa is always fresh . the portions are large ( try the pineapple fried rice that is served in half of a carved out pineapple ) and the service is great ! ! ! it is always worth our money to go to masa . been dozens of times and we have never had a bad meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "started off with the steamed gozya and miso soup then had sushi . overall good food and service . very affordable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "typically not a fan of asian food ... msg , trouble finding really fresh , worse trouble finding great flavour . just ate here . i 'm a fan now . they 've got it all . almost do n't want to post this , place is such a gem and kind of hidden . but the effort is so there on their part , i 've got ta do mine . yum", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi is pretty average but the chinese food is subpar , my biggest rant is their `` server '' . i 've tried this place a few times and it 's been the same girl , not only does she not have knowledge of what she 's presenting but we have to ask anytime we want some kind of service . tonight was the kicker , i saw her picking her teeth with her hand , how was i suppose to ask her for anything else after that . disgusting !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hey ! ! finally some decent sushi in charlotte . went there for lunch before a grocery trip one day , and what a nice surprise for me to find this place ! ! i had a rainbow roll and a dim sum platter . both of them were quite delicious , but the dim sum platter was all deep fried , which i did n't expect ( or maybe next time i should read the menu more carefully ) . anyway , it 's a nice , casaul local place for sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent sushi , nice employees and fast delivery ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we get delivery from masa 1-2 times a week . the food is good , the service is very friendly and fast and the prices are good . have not visited to eat inside but we love the delivery of both chinese and sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "total hidden gem ! they have a great variety of items on their menu and seem to do everything well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and service . the manager and staff are always friendly and happy to see us . the sushi is fresh and they have the best calamari i 've had anywhere ! try the dragons egg , so delicious . this is my date night sushi place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "masa in my opinion has some of the best sushi in charlotte . i 've yet to have a bad meal there & i go quite often . the service however is a different story . some of the waitresses are fantastic , while others ... not so much . tonight for example we started out with a terrible waitress , i think her name was hillary but i 'm not sure because she never actually told us her name . she was very inattentive & honestly pretty rude when we did finally get her attention . luckily they had a fantastic waitress , hannah , that more than made up for her coworker 's lack of ability . fantastic food , hit or miss service quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe i ordered the wrong thing , but the mongolian beef was not good at all . it was like soup ! friendly staff , but worst mongolian beef i 've ever had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "probably the best asian food in south charlotte . the food here is fresh , flavorful , and non-greasy . they pride themselves in always using the freshest ingredients ; you can taste it in the quality of their food . i always get the string beans and shrimp because they make the crunchiest string beans i 've ever tasted - they 're delicious ! we also love their chicken with mixed vegetables , pork chow mein , sweet and sour soup , and wonton soup . really , you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner made us feel very welcome . allowed me to just get chicken as my meal instead of requiring me to get a bunch of sides . the sushi was amazing . i got the spider roll and it was out of this world . the service was very friendly and i loved his local business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marco 's is my go-to pizza joint . i know that some people have attitude because it 's a chain pizza place but the pizza is always good and they have really great customer service . in fact , their evening counter guy has some of the best customer service skills i 've ever seen anywhere . he is so personable and goes above and beyond what is expected of him . i usually order the same thing every time - large pepperoni pizza with half green pepper well done with light sauce plus cheesy bread . they never get it wrong and are always happy to accommodate any special requests . i also love their garlic dipping sauce and we always order extra . when it comes to pizza , marco 's gets it right every time without fail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . great pizza , great service , and fast pickup . never had an issue with this location . only place i get pizza now . keep up the good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order here all the time . pizza is always hot & fresh . the staff is always friendly . wish they delivered further out though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i ordered pizza here , it was excellent ... the second time ... still very good ... ever since , the pizza is fine ... nothing great . the dough is chewy or tough like it is old . i am sure there are better places out there to purchase pizza in avon lake ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "helt ok mat , bra service och trevlig personal . inget h\u00f6jdarst\u00e4lle men hade egentligen ingenting st\u00f6rre att klaga p\u00e5 . godk\u00e4nt , inte m\u00e4rkv\u00e4rdigt dyrt men ingen wow upplevelse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stayed at the best western bruntsfield and decided ton '' stay in '' for dinner after a cold , blustery day of sightseeing . we were just too cold to go out again but we were hungry . our expectations for dinner at a chain hotel were not high ... we were pleasantly surprised . that wait staff was attentive and the meals were delicious and moderately priced . we ordered the chicken alba , the escalope of pork fillet , & the butternut squash & sage risotto . the sauces were light and complemented the meats nicely . i would not hesitate to have dinner here again if our stay was longer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hotel bars bistros are well within the unknown band of watering holes and hangouts for students , at least they are to me anyway . discarding this preconception i found the garden terrace and top notch bar available at the bisque great for an afternoons chill . the bistro is apparently mighty fine too with the likes of confit duck and other modern dining fancies . the garden terrace is worth the visit alone , not bad price wise either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whether you 're after a drink , lunch , dinner , cakes , cocktails or teas and coffee you can find them all in bisque . this is a recent discovery for me and it 's definitely becoming one of my favourite watering holes in edinburgh . bisque offers chilled out surroundings , comfy seats and an outdoor seating area too so excellent for those summer nights . i have n't eaten here ... yet , but i 've had a shufti at fellow diners plates and the food looks top notch and it 's very reasonably priced too . overall , an excellent bar brasserie to while away an afternoon or evening . oh and it 's worth noting that bisque offers free wifi . hurrah !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is not great here and is overpriced , would n't recommend it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a cool , lively and chic place to eat and drink in the bruntsfield area of edinburgh . the interior is very stylish with a contemporary feel . there is a wonderful outside garden terrace to sit and enjoy a drink a meal or a coffee and sandwich . they serve all day food and drink and are open till late . the lunchtime menu offers salad buffets during the week and roast lunches on a weekend . they also have a very nice wine selection and there is also free internet access .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bisque 's best feature is the huge outdoor terrace on which you can enjoy your meal or drinks . the prices are very reasonable and food is served allday . the bar becomes more lively in the evening and is open until late .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you casey for such a beautiful website ! i am so happy to refer ecog media .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casey is the best programmer and designer i have ever worked with . i send multiple clients his way and the level of professionalism and service that he delivers is unmatched by other companies . not only is he knowledgeable and efficient , he is responsive and willing to go above and beyond for me every time . i highly recommend ecog media .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ecog media 's programming and design skills are truly unsurpassed . the level of detail and dedication that casey puts into his work is beyond what anyone else can produce in the market , and he takes the time to do every project right . if there is one company you should trust to handle your business ' web needs with the utmost care and integrity , it is ecog media .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leslieville geek came to our place of business and established a network for us ( in windows and mac ) at a very reasonable price . the efficiency this created for our business is tremendous and i only wish i would have called sooner . they were very prompt , courteous , diligent and extremely knowledgeable . we are very happy with the results and will definitely utilize their help again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunder is at my place right now mounting my tv while i write this review . first of all , if you are thinking of mounting your own tv i can tell you right now there is a big difference between doing it and doing it right . the amount of time , effort and expertise he is putting in , to make sure it is positioned correctly and securely mounted is well beyond my capabilities . turns out there are n't any studs where i wanted to mount it so he is using his own bolts that go directly into the brick chimney behind the drywall . as i said , doing it right ! he is organized , professional and is even cleaning up the small amounts of dust along the way . made sure to do a few extra things along the way as well . strongly recommend sunder and leslieville geek .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was an absolute pleasure having sunder install our tv through our ceramic tiled wall in our showroom . he was fast , knowledgeable , personable , and professional . tv looks amazing on the wall and he was even able to hide our cable box . we highly recommend leslievillegeek ! he went over and beyond what we expected . thanks so much sunder !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 5 ! i was extremely impressed by the work done by sunder from leslieville geek . i had a tricky job , mounting my tv on a hollow fireplace with a very uneven surface and he made it happen , cords fully hidden and all . he was careful , cleaned up the mess and even helped set up the cable . i looked around before booking and leslieville geek was great value . he was also just a pleasure to be around - i would recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunder was amazing ! he asked me the right questions and made sure that the tv is at a good height ! he also hid the cables and helped with cleaning it all up ! definitely would recommend him to my friends : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of working with leslievillegeek last week when it came to mounting my flat screen tv in the basement . the job was not a typical one as it required the relocation of a rogers cable from the exterior of the house , excessive fishing of cables , and the installation of a secondary receptacle . it should be known that another reputable electronics installer actually did n't return my call when i discussed the scope of the work that needed to be done ... i do n't have enough good things to say about sunder , the gentleman who performed the work . he was on-time , prepared with all the right tools , very tidy , and did a stellar job . he knew his craft inside out and not once did any issues or `` unforeseen problems '' arise . i would recommend this company again in a heartbeat and look forward to doing business with them in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had lunch on a thursday at noon . the food was ok and priced good . the waitress was excellent and friendly . the food took longer than we thought it should , but it was n't crazy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's now red , white and blue bar and grill . but this is my first time here and it seems like and awsome place ! the beer is very good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst food i ever had it was it was horrible the barmaid was drunk the place did n't look very clean not very good service the whole experience was horrible i will never go back red hair in my food the lady in the kitchen with smoking in the kitchen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two stars for the food . meaning , you are not going to bite into anything on this menu ( huge selection though very similar from one dish to another ) and say `` that 's the best such and such i 've ever had ! '' you 're not going to write a banging review of the po po platter ( i keep reading it as poo poo platter ) . it is a hole in the wall that serves take out who delivers ! that 's what the third star is for . when the lazy me and the lactose intolerant me gang up on the `` i want to eat healthy '' me= my phones speed dials peking automatically . i think they deliver all over lakewood and some areas in rocky river .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my go to chinese in lakewood . i 've tried several others and hated them . our orders are always precise and made very quickly . this restaurant allows you to order online which i like to take advantage of since it is easier to customize anything vs. phone ordering . i did not give them 5 stars just because this is typical chinese food and it 's not gourmet or over the top but still always good . 6 year customer and counting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is nothing so soothing as hearing , once you dial , the sweet sounds of : `` peking . meh i hep you '' . the folks here do a fine job of rustlin ' up quick , inexpensive americanized chinese food . spend $ 15 bucks and get a free 2 liter of soda .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been going here for years for great `` hole in the wall '' chinese but i sometimes wonder if the people working there now are on drugs . they forget what you order and stare at you with a blank face when you do n't want what they happen to bring .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's pretty hard to screw up take-away chinese food , but this place sure is trying . things that should be crispy are soggy . dishes that should be spicy are bland . the proteins are small or nonexistent . the service is poor , from sharp responses to hanging up on calls . it 's fine in a late-night pinch , but do n't go out of your way for this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i regularly order lunch delivery from peking . they are usually pretty fast and the order is accurate . food is good for your standard americanized chinese delivery . they have become my go to chinese delivery restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've eaten at this place for years . efficient delivery and great prices . i stopped in last week to pick up an order and as i stood at the counter waiting , one of the workers dropped one of their complimentary small bags of fried noodle on the floor . she picked that bag up and threw it back into the box containing all the other bags they drop into your order . and then she looked over her shoulder and saw me watching , and turned away . i 'll never eat at this place again because of this . if they 're doing things like this when customers are around , what are they doing when no one is watching ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious every time ! fast delivery and good prices . i recommend the won ton soup and chicken with broccoli .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hah ! what was i thinking ? i strayed to another delivery place and regretted it . i wo n't be so foolish again . i 've returned to the peking . 20 minutes and i 'm happy again . they are fast , dependable and pleasant . you wo n't go wrong . i 'm give them an extra star for promptness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food poisoning ... my boyfriend was very sick", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great value and reliable . nothing amazing , but just plain good . lakewood , as a city has a lot of great dinning , but is weak in chinese food . so this place is our go-to chinese delivery . i have never been amazed , but i have never been disappointed . the prices are very reasonable and the service is good . we have tried several other places and peking is the one for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick , great prices , and delicious ! been going here for the last 15 years and regret when i try somewhere else . best chinese food in lakewood ! oh , and they deliver !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place , their food is very very good and i have come here for years . the service sucks when the one particular woman is working the counter ; she is beyond rude , but everyone else there gives good customer service and even better food . i go only for the food because you 'll never now what you 're going to get service wise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lived a block away and if i called an order in they would have it ready by the time i would walk there . amazing food for the price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i received a menu under the door of my apartment for this restaurant last sunday on june 2 . after reviewing the menu , i got hungry for good chinese and since i had n't eaten , i decided to take a walk and enjoy some chinese food . after i figured out i needed to order at the counter , ( the cashier did not speak very good english ) i ordered combination style cashew chicken which included pork fried rice and an egg roll . it was quick , had great prices , and delicious . the rice was wonderful and the cashew chicken was great and had plenty of cashews the restaurant does have tables but no wait service . i defiantly would return for a meal . good value for someone on a budget like myself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "peking is my go to chinese food restaurant of choice . with all the numerous places you can get your chinese food fix at in lakewood , peking has been turning out to be my 1st pick . when i first moved to lakewood i literally tried just about every chinese restaurant there was to offer in the area . peking won hands down . the workers are very nice and polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked the food nothing special , but its ok . i 'd orderer again cheap and u get a 2 litter coke if u spend 20 dollars best chinese food in lakewood , hands down ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , big portions and very prompt . the 2 meals with pop for under $ 20 is a great deal . they always give fried rice with sweet & sour chicken , even when you request white rice . also , they do not have spicy mustard like other chinese places have . otherwise it 's legit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best take-out chinese i 've had in the cleveland area . it is reasonably priced , ready on time , and is flavorful without asking for extra spicy . the food is better than many of the more expensive , sit-down chinese restaurants in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good chicken lo mein . i think this is the cheapest chinese i 've found in the area ; with super fast delivery ! guy on the phone could be friendlier though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like cheap traditional chinese food , this is the place to go ! we tried every place in lakewood and me and my wife get this probably 3 times a month ! we would recommand this place to our friends in lakewood but i would replace it for your favorite chinese place in your city , just best in lakewood that delivers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical carbon copy of all the other take-out chinese restaurants in lakewood . it 's not bad , but it 's hard to mess up food when most of it is pulled from the freezer and reheated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love peking restaurant ! i have been getting food from here for years and it 's always yummy . the fried rice is delicious ! i 've tried all the other chinese place in lakewood and peking is the best by far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good , just ate there before boarding flight back to ny . feel very sick right now . sushi came from pre-packaged box . `` why would you get sushi from an airport in charlotte '' is what i am asking myself throughout this very painfull flight", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went past this place a few times in my travels and always was hesitant because what are the chances that you would n't die eating sushi from an airport in good'ol charlotte . one would think high . anyway , seeing that this place was always busy and being in a gambling mood i figured i 'd check it out . tried the triple mango roll and was pleasantly surprised . everything was fresh and tasty . certainly not the best sushi i 've ever eaten but better and cheaper than some `` finer '' establishments i 've eaten at in my coastal home town . food is pretty fresh since they crank out the rolls and the atmosphere is nice with an occasional piano playing in the background . been back a few times since then , and it has n't disappointed yet so i would recommend it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rich was awesome thanks for helping us pick out the perfect spa this place by far has the most selection and the best selection i 'm super exited to get it delivered for our party awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by a few times to see inventory before finally buying a spa . it was on their clearance list and got a smoking deal ! staff has been extremely friendly and educational on maintaining proper water treatment ! it 's really easy and after an adjustment period i think i got it down . i visited other spa places and this was the only spot that did n't try to force a sound system or tv down my throat ! they were super cool and helped me buy a new spa for half the price the local competition was offering . thanks so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spa i have is about 4 years old . one of the panels in the cabinet has become dry rotted and has cracked . when i called to see if they can be replaced the twit they had answering the phone had an `` i could care less attitude . '' ( obviously a commissioned salesperson . ) he said the panels are discountinued and i was s.o.l.. nothing like a quality company that stands behind their product , right ? when you see that hustling the `` show special '' at the home show remember ... stay away from l.a . spa ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very knowledgeable and helpful , joe listened to what we were looking for and how we needed it set up to fit in with our pool that was about to be built . they made good on every word they said , the spa was delivered when promised and even after the sale joe has been helpful . this is the third spa i have purchased over the years and by far the smoothest transaction i have ever had . having set prices is the only thing keeping these guys from a 5-star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys have been great in all aspects of the purchase . they have always answered my questions and have been a big help . highly recommend a+++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want them all ! they are all so beautiful and i 'm surprised at the price of many of them . they were very reasonably priced and of very high quality . i 'm definitely coming back with hubby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased our spa several years ago . i have to say that we have been extremely satisfied with the low maintenance , the low costs , and having a spa to relax in at any time . service is excellent with la spas . i am one happy customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've stopped in this place a couple of times when i 've been working at the north hills satellite office . half price books always reminds me of what retailers call `` space-fillers '' ; stores that move in and occupy space after a major retailer has moved out . but ya know , half price books ai n't bad . it 's true , you 'll have to do a little digging sometimes to find what you want or something that piques your interest . but that 's part of the fun of this place . you can even sell or trade in books , movies , and cds via there buy guy program . so it may not have the presentation of barnes & noble or borders . it may not have the eclectic mix ( or maybe it does in its own way ) of your local neighborhood used bookshop . it 's still worth a visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! shelf after shelf of great books on all topics . they even have records , movies , and cds . the staff was friendly and helpful . went with two friends and each of us spent about $ 50 on books that day ( we are quite the intellectuals ) the only bad thing ? that they 're not in jersey so i ca n't go all the time ! great place . hands down one of my favorite bookstores . if i 'm ever in the area again , i will definitely stop by again and splurge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this half price books location is a little less than desirable because , hey , who really ever wants to voluntarily go to mcknight road for anything ? the selection is decent - though pales in comparison to the monroeville location . and , although the sale prices are , of course , excellent , i was a bit disappointed with the mere $ 8 we got for a whole box full of books . on a bright note , the sales staff is very helpful and friendly . as used bookstores go , i 'd say this one is pretty average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rica promised to buy dad 20 books . we went here on boxing day because we did n't want to spend a lot on him . we got all the books from the big clearance section . most books were $ 1- $ 2 . plus , there is a 20 % off holiday sale . there are other sections that have newer expensive books , but we did n't look at them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the store but every time i go in i get the weirdest vibes from one of the employees : it 's as if i 've personally offended her by simply walking in . i 've gotten eye rolls , glares , and silence when speaking to her behind the register . i 've only ever come in the store alone and browsed silently , so i ca n't imagine what might have sparked this if it 's a singular issue . even though the prices are great and the store is fun to browse through , her attitude makes me want to go elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always find something at half price books , whether for myself or a gift for a loved one . the folks that work here are always very helpful and genuinely concerned about your experience . i 've never had a problem finding an employee to help me ; typically they are the ones finding me ! the only critique that i have is that pulling in out and parking is a little tricky . i do n't mind that the store is a bit disorganized - it makes it feel like every find is a treasure ! this is my go to spot for the weird and rare . i found a star wars dog collar here for $ 3.99 ! i would recommend this store to anyone who is a bargain hunter looking for books , movies , music , or geeky toys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love me a half price books . this particular store is clean and organized and the staff is really friendly and helpful . the record selection here is pretty good . i usually go home with at least one new album and a couple oldies . and of course i enjoy browsing the bookshelves to see what 's in stock . new bestsellers are sold at 20 % off cover price , so that 's rad . ugh . but the parking lot . oh the parking lot- designed to incite road rage and anxiety in even the calmest of drivers . there are times that i 've come to shop here and had to leave before going in because there is a loooong line of cars waiting for parking spots . ai n't nobody got time for that . i 've sold back books here on several occasions . does n't matter if it 's one box of books or three , my payout is always between $ 12 and $ 15 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the concept of half price books -- that is , rehoming perfectly good books . this store is the first one in the franchise i have been to and both times i 've stopped by it smells like gel they use to cover up smells in the bathroom . please fix this as it is a big turn off and actually left me with a sore throat after browsing too long ! books are organized alphabetically by author . different sections include mystery , fiction , memoirs and literature . i noticed repeat books between literature and fiction , so it 's easy to miss something in that respect if you choose not to request help . i like that half price books accepts books that are written in or worn , but of course that affects the amount you receive for them . with this in mind , i received $ 5 after selling two books . i do n't have a problem with this since i really just wanted to get them off my hands . i know i can go here for this purpose again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as stated in another review or two , the staff at this location is incredibly strange . do n't be surprised if in the middle of ringing you out the person at the register literally stops to take part in a non-vital in-jokey conversation with a co-worker . it is more likely than not to happen . yes , if you want the top money for anything , you 'll do best to sell it yourself on the internet . most things are n't worth much . still , this place will give you 75 cents for a batch of stuff , and you 'll later see things from that batch for sale for six or eight dollars . if that does n't seem like something you want to be involved in , probably avoid selling here . since you 're giving the stuff away anyway , perhaps give it to a charity that resells things .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were looking for books for our wedding centerpieces and heard that half price books sell books by the yard . we could n't have guessed that the staff would be so nice and helpful ! we walled our with a perfect arrangement of books at an incredible cost . on top of it all , they have a great selection and very reasonable prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love half price books , it 's a great store to browse , and their prices are extremely reasonable . the selection of books changes frequently , so it 's always fun to go back and see what is new . i do wish there was a good way to search their inventory , but if you ask they can usually help you find what you are looking for , even if it is at another store . i have sold books to them before , but do n't expect a lot of money for your books , they do n't pay a lot for them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wired up came and hung two tv 's for me in our new house . zak was very easy to work with and did a great job . he is also very knowledgable about what will work in each individual situation offering suggestions that are pratical for your needs . i would highly reccomend wiredup installation for your audio video needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressive service , and great full for a saturday appointment . the service was quick and i didnt have to clean up afterwards . i have already recommended this service to at least 5 more people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great company with outstanding customer service . they provide hi-tech product that is convenient and most importantly intuitive for everyone to use . it 's nice to get `` mom and pop service '' from a company of this size . i highly recommend wiredup to anyone , and it takes a good amount of trust and confidence for me to recommend and refer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a tv finally kick the bucket and as it is football season we were in definite need of a tv and were dreading actually having to go thru getting a new one and then wired up came thru with the perfect tv and amazing service just in time for game day ! they make a experience i normally dread a happy one and i am thankful for that . they had a nice selection for the size we needed and once i got the perfect tv for the room one of the wonderful service techs came out and was able to install it . great experience and we look forward to working with wired up with other needs in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very good company . listen well ( thanks frank ) , good installation ( thanks zach ) . very pleased with the tv , sonos , control4 sounder system they installed in my home . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am currently a student at hamilton high school and have been to multiple fundraisers for clubs at tasti dlite . every time i go i enjoy the experience of picking out a flavor and being with friends . but i do n't actually recommend the frozen yogurt . it 's not as `` tasti '' as they claim ... my mother , who visited another time said it tasted `` watered down '' and i agree the taste is not as strong or as savory as i would have liked it . just down the road is frio mio , a much nicer place . i prefer their yogurt and service . they have much nicer workers there who are willing to help . i do n't like how many of the frozen yogurt places i walk into have people sitting behind the counter , lazily staring at you as if you 're ruining their uninterrupted work hours .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "with so many options for frozen yogurt and ice cream within a three-mile radius of this location , tasti-d-lite is pretty close to bottom of the barrel . what promised to be a unique idea turned out to be rather pedestrian . the actual store 's hours did not match their websites -- which is a bummer if you walk there and find them closing when you should have had another 30 minutes or hour . but maybe they were closing because they had no customers and just did n't want to stay longer . the frozen ice cream yogurt ( whatever ) they sell does taste pretty good , but does n't explain why they charge $ 4-to- $ 5 for a cone . this is chandler , not scottsdale . and for that matter , why would a cone cost that much in scottsdale anyway ? healthier dessert options are to be applauded , but i 'd really like to see stores go out of their way to serve our wallets as well as our waistlines .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "way over priced for moderately good ice cream . not accommodating for kids in that you have to spend an extra 50 cents for all the `` fun flavors '' ( which consists of a squirt of syrup ) . they only offer the medium size for the fun flavors , as well . the atmosphere is boring and does n't offer much seating . i 'd rather spend my money on a simple yummy vanilla cone at cooperate mcdonalds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do i have to give a star ? zero stars is my true rating . horrible service . not a tasty product . way too expensive . nothing positive to say about this place . we spend our money at frio mio and kokomo - much much better options !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some of the best frozen yogurt ever . lower in calories , good quality natural ingredients . very refreshing on hot day working deliveries . did n't get that over sugared feeling . another huge plus , daily specials . customized flavors to create anything you 'd like . great supplement and smoothies options . my number one choice for a frozen treat ! price well worth the quality , especially for a foodie that practically lives at the farmers markets . i returned today 8-1-12 , 2nd time this week , with family in tow . really good again . the creamiest ever . i also noted mistakes by other reviews . dry toppings are only $ .50 , fresh fruit is $ .75 . 10 varieties of fresh fruit . very reasonable . some other chains are more . flavor and quality excellent . we tryed two other frozen yogurt self serve chains in the last year , once each and never returned .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they do have a wide range of flavors . i got the chocolate peanut butter and it wasnt that great ... .i do n't think its worth the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "neat little frozen yogurt place . the flavors change all the time from what we found out . i would recommend trying the flavors to make sure . i had the ny cheesecake and it was very good . the prices are a bit high , but they have specials that make up for that . free wifi also made it a nice little place to hang out . the only downside were the chairs . they need to have some type of stoppers on the bottoms of each as the noise from the chairs sliding on the floor was grating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "of all the flavors i have tried here the best is the vanilla . it is tasty but way over-priced . i could n't believe they actually charged an extra 75 cents for sprinkles . ridiculous !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been disappointed lately with the daily flavors ... .they do n't have enough flavor to them anymore . the staff is great but they need to lower the prices and add more flavoring to the daily soft serve flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family loves a particular nearby fro-yo place ( kokomo ) , but we wanted to try something new . sadly , it just confirmed we need to stick with what we love . yes , tasti d-lite offered a huge menu , but it was not worth the price . the place was empty , so that should 've been the first sign . it did n't have a great ambiance inside , and the fro-yo did n't taste that great either . we will be sticking to our regular treat store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome and the customer service kellie provides is second to none ! ! ! the store is so clean and just is a great place to sit and relax with something good to snack on ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot for fro-yo in the east valley . family run joint and the last of the tasti d-lite 's in az . would definately go back if i am in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sooo delicious ! ! we go here all the time , even get the quart sizes ( call ahead to order them , it takes them a while to make the larger sizes ) . it is a little pricey , but we use our `` tasti '' card , so we get free yogurt or money off of our order often . our favorites are `` peanut butter marshmellow '' and `` oreos and cream '' . their cakes are really great too ! they know us here and it 's our favorite frozen yogurt place in town ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great crew . awesome alternative to ice-cream or frozen yogurt . crazy good flavors . never disappointed . i may need a second job to support my tasti d-lite habbit . well worth it people . robert pfeifer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yuck ! i 've been to tasti d-lite several times and have always found it to be below average . the taste and quality of the yogurt is poor and they charge a premium price for a very mediocre product . there are so many better choices in the area ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "believe it or not , the customs process i experienced during the exit from canada into the united states here was worse than what i experienced traveling to from mexico . chaotic , unbelievably long lines and an inadequate number of staff . i arrive two and a half hours early before my flight , and was so glad i did because it took over an hour to get through the process . as an able-bodied , young woman , i was exhausted standing in line for so long , so i can only imagine how unpleasant the experience must 've been for the older folks waiting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seems as if i got lucky . thankfully , no long lines . and even with the area being almost empty , it was still confusing . i use global entry , but did not answer the questions correctly at the kiosk . how does this happen ? i was asked which flight i was taking . i did not see my airline . however , i did notice my flight number listed with a different airline . but if i '' m not flying said airline , how is that my flight ? so , i answered my flight was not listed . so my entry was rejected and i had to enter a different line . i was later informed the airline does not matter , only the flight number . if this is the case , why list the airlines to begin with ? i do not understand why something so simple has to be made complicated . ugh . glad i allowed myself plenty of time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the part where yelp is like `` you 've checked in here six times ! what keeps you coming back ? '' uh . anyway . i do think that global entry these days have made this process much , much less painful than it used to be . however , it is still painful when you travel with family or friends who do not have global entry . you will wait in long lines , get repeatedly sent back for small mistakes on your form because the forms are confusing or you have a stray pen mark somewhere , and you will end up waiting forever regardless . even when i did use global entry , at most other airports in the us upon entry , i do n't go see a person just give my print out to the agent . however , here ... you still have to go line up to see someone . i do n't understand the point of global entry if you still have to see someone . meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "anytime i can clear customs and immigration before my flight is a huge plus with me . last thin i want to do after flying for hours is to deal with customs and immigration . at the toronto airport the line moved very fast and expeditiously and the agents i had to deal with were polite which is also a huge plus as some of them just seem miserable . my two areas of improvement would be : i have global entry . i should not have to wait in an additional line after doing the kiosk . this is not common in other airports . the global entry kiosk is not meant for people above 6 feet . when you are taking the picture give warning so i can duck . otherwise you just get my shirt and chin which has happened twice now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the us customs guys seem to be a lot better here compared to other locations like miami shrugs the customs here are really a gamble . you could go there at the same time on different days and get a different result . on day # 1 it will be pretty empty and you will get through quickly . as for day # 2 it will be packed and you will find yourself rushing to the gate to make it to your flight on time . my suggestion is plan accordingly . expect it will be like day # 2 and you will make it to your flight on time . random fact : every time i go through security checks i feel like a stripper having to take off so many things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone that works here has a superiority complex . ok you have a flashlight and mace ! besides that stop barking and be cool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went through global entry and they still made me see an agent . i have nexus , i 'm not sure why these systems arent in sync , very frustrating !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wtf happened to having global entry ? i was selected for extra screening and had to remove my shoes . security in terminal 3 is a joke -- no real queues and a makeshift of procedures . also , if you 're gon na make someone take off their shoes you had better have chairs to accommodate putting them back on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the line up this morning at 5 am was ridiculously long . it look over an hour just to get to see a customs officer . the electronic declaration form was kinda cool and the officers did their best to move us through as fast as they could . there was one really great guy organizing the lines to go through security .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a traveler , the us customs and border protection agency is and can seem like a hindrance or intimidating process . while it 's not really a pleasant experience.. very regimented and rigid.. it 's a very necessary `` evil '' as it were . there is a process to follow , and if you have nothing to hide , or no reason to have issues , you should be fine . my recent trip through customs was my first alone ( without the parents ) and first in at least 15 years ... and thus certainly first since the day that will always live in infamy for all of us..9 11 . my girlfriend and i followed the steps laid out for us ( and even were treated well and greeted with some smiles when we had a few questions regarding the process ) just do as you are told , and be honest and you wo n't have any problems . a great experience this time and on our way back through .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be prepared to be snapped at , and in no way feel welcomed to come back to your home country !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a complete fail , traveled through toronto to washington national airport it took two hours to get through customs . missed connecting flight . the excuse we got was they did n't expect as many passengers . makes you wonder about their intelligence ability to protect our borders when they ca n't find out how many passengers will be traveling , we all buy tickets . would not recommend flying through toronto going to the u.s. .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have automated systems that greet you upon arrival . everything is really quick and self explanatory . the staff was not friendly and came off as demanding and unhelpful . i wanted a stamp on my passport and was told i 'd need to visit customer service . ( i would have went if i did n't have a connecting flight . the area is easy to move around and everything was clean . they also had a garbage near each kios which was handy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came through with a friend who need additional screening.. the whole process only took an additional 10 minutes , 9 minutes waiting and 1 minute of questions and we were off to our flight ! wish customs was like this everywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you lived in avon lake chances are , you 've eaten here . if you are visiting avon lake , stay away from the cookie cutter pizza shops . if you want the same crappy pizza you can get in denver too , go to dominos . if you want the best greasy pizza on the planet , well at least avon lake , eat here . locally owned and operated for the past , forever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "local , pizza place that 's been around since 1982 . they 're located a few doors down from the avon lake post office . they make their dough and sauce fresh daily ! they also have subs , salads , calzones , and wings ! their crust is nice and chewy and not greasy at all ! the workers are very friendly and it does n't take long for a pizza ! ask about their monthly pizza specials and check for coupons in the towne money saver !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here at least a dozen times but pizza cutter is n't your dime a dozen pizza chain . pizza cutter is a small staple in avon lake with big flavor . they have a perfect crust and quality toppings . i have ordered pizza from many places , enough to know that pizza cutter has the best deluxe specialty pizza you will find . there 's always something i dislike about a pizza shop 's deluxe pizza . it 's usually either the type of onions or green peppers they use . pizza cutter got it right though . they have perfected the deluxe pizza ! all the ingredients they use are fresh , and of quality . plus they are n't skimpy with the toppings . the staff has always been very friendly and there 's even a liquor and beverage store conveniently located right next door . love this place ! you got ta try it ! tip : check their online specials before you call . do n't forget to mention the special you intend to use when ordering . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered pizza , cheesy bread , and wings for $ 23 . the pizza was pretty good . the wings were so undercooked we had to cook them more at home after even specifying to cook them well done . we tried it because we wanted something different . however , the lady who answered the phone was less than welcoming . i almost hung up because i was taken back by her rudeness . in person she seemed better because i 'm sure she could tell i was shocked by her tone . the delivery lady cashed me out and i tried to make small talk with her and she just was n't having it either . the prices are fair and the pizza was good but i 'd rather pay a little more and see a happy face .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza cutter is a staple in avon lake ! very fresh , home made taste . lots of toppings and cheese is always piled on ! sauce is fresh tasting . their prices are pretty cheap . menu is simple and always have specials going on . employees are friendly and order is always ready when promised . a very tasty mom and pop pizza places ... not like commercial tasting pizza hut or dominos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small mom and pop pizza place that does n't taste like `` all the rest '' . it 's an avon lake favorite ! more expensive lately , but the pizza is great . i always support local businesses . yummy pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pizza but they were less than pleasant on the phone . then i showed up to pick up our large pizza and it 's tiny . when i asked about it they said they have small , large and xl . so in other words their large is really a medium . be careful what you order if you 're trying to feed a family . too bad they didnt bother to tell us when we ordered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza is good , but not great . i considered three stars however i believe this place deserves a four due to the prices being more than reasonable . veggies were fresh . salad was fresh and cheesed nicely . we will order again when looking to feed the masses as they are a solid economy good option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like their pizza . it is the epitome of the mom and pop shop pizza . you are not going to get the papa johns or dominos pizza prices but the taste is worth the extra few bucks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best pizza in avon lake . cheap and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when visiting family in avon lake we were always pressed to find really good pizza in the avon lake avon area that was nearly as good or on par with the best pizzas we were used to having in our native youngstown area or anything on the east side of cleveland or little italy . also many chain pizza shops in the immediate area usually left us rather disappointed . if pizza cutter is not at par with the best pizzas in ne ohio it is close . i personally think that it is the best in the avon lake avon area and so does my sister 's family who live right in avon lake . the pizzas are authentic with quality ingredients with a crust that is not too thick . their wings are very good too . avoid all the chain pizzerias in the area and make pizza cutter your default pizza choice , you 'll be glad you did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a joke made appointment which apparently is n't necessary since they still put you behind walk ins . waited over an 1hr n half n being told every 10 mins they r almost done . sat there patiently until they took another walk in because apparently they forgot i was sitting there . so over all customer service sucks ! they dont care about anything other than making money", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got ta give 5 stars for `` slave driver '' and zero star for cheap azz cust who `` scottsdale wan na be `` , feel sorry for people who has no choice to work there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a shellac manicure with a design on both ring fingers . it was pretty pricey but totally worth it . it 's clean , friendly , and a wonderful result . i am so happy with my nails ! i will definitely be back . they give you a punch card so that you can get $ 5 off after a few visits . i highly recommend inails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon ! it is so clean and adorable , everyone is very pleasant and it 's reasonably priced ! lynn is a perfectionist which i can appreciate . they have a punch card also which is awesome . i definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my regular nail salon since june 2016 . they always give me excellent service and quality nail care . they repair a broken nail for no extra charge and if you do a gel manicure , it lasts more than the 2 weeks ! ! atmosphere is pleasant and staff speak english ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful place ! great parking , never a long wait ( if there is one ) , they actually honor your appointment time , clean , great price for all the services performed , friendly staff , new magazines , always new variety of polish colors and a beautiful salon . i wont go anywhere else . they also have a rewards program which is nice too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down , the best nail salon i have ever been to in az . the staff is very professional , hard working , kind and best of all clean ! the salon is very beautifully decorated , so relaxing and again the # 1 this salon is clean ! michelle , is wonderful and doing a fantastic job making sure of customer satisfaction and return business . they want you to be more than satisfied , they want to put a smile on your face . my sister and i are now regulars , we always look forward to our mani-pedi 's ! give them a try and you 'll become a regular . ca n't wait for my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my father has been hospitalized far too many times in the last year and we have come to know this hospital well . the doctors are good . the nurses are attentive and its always clean . the reason i give this review 4 stars rather than 5 since my father has received exceptional care is the fact his last hospitalization ; the nurses would promise him he was getting discharged that night only to have the doctor keep him another night . this happened 3 nights in a row . the nurses should not make those statements if they are n't sure . three nights in a row i rearranged my schedule to drive him home only to be disappointed again . no one likes being in a hospital . and it 's worse if you think you 're getting out a s forced to stay another night . that being said , scottsdale health care is our er of choice . each department we 've had experience with has been amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you do n't exercise and eat right you will eend up here ! please take care of your heart ! ! if you have an episode , these caregivers will take good care of you to get you back on track . the facility is topnotch and the staff knows what they are doing and they are very compassionate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know it 's only our first day here for the rehab , but between all the information we received at orientation and with as friendly and helpful the staff is here i think this is going to be great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i had just gotten back from a weekend in kansas city where i ate bbq the entire weekend , i had been craving it since coming back to scottsdale so we decided to try this place because of all the excellent reviews . what a mistake ! the ribs were inedible , burnt to a crisp , i do n't know how my boyfriend even ate them . i ate a little of the beef brisket , it was n't bad , the cole slaw was n't too bad either but i still can not get over how bad the ribs were . i will never go there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have eaten here several times and always found the food to be good , but pretty greasy . i often opt for the sampler which is supposed to be beef , pork , and chicken . however , if they are out of one of the meats they will do a substitution . if you 're not a sausage fan , you should ask what you 'll get because i 've gotten sausage several times . sauce is served on the side as it should be . meat portions are huge . last time we ordered take-out , we were eating barbeque for 3 days before deciding to call it quits , for more than one reason . you definitely get your money 's worth . restaurant itself is clean , but simple . they certainly did not hire an interior decorator on this one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some good friends recommended kinfolk 's to us and wow do we owe them big time ! the bbq sauce is darn near the best i 've ever had , honestly . and the portions are huge so with the leftovers you can eat for days . we split the super sampler platter and all of the meat was just falling off the bone ; the baby rack ribs were among the best i 've ever had . we will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! if you are looking somewhere with `` atmosphere '' then this is not the place for you . it is simply about the ridiculously delicious bbq here ! i usually get the pulled pork sandwich topped with coleslaw . it is so huge it takes me two sittings to finish it ! the fries are fresh and also quite delicious ! you know what come to think of it i dont think i have tried anything but the pulled pork because it is so damn tasty i couldnt resist ordering every time ! the owner is nice like alot of the other yelpers have said and his place is definetely worth checking out ! i dont know why people say its expensive though it is super cheap ! the pulled pork sandwich with a side and soda is about $ 10 and you a heaping pile of food that almost anywhere else would cost you 15-20 bucks ! overall i give this place a `` mmmmmmm , so much tasty pork i 'm gon na sweat barbeque sauce on the way home ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just plain ol ' good bbq . the atmosphere is nothing too special ( good lunch spot ) , but the bbq is really tasty and a good value . definitely try the pulled pork sandwich and the corn on the cob . nice family run outfit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't understand anyone not loving this place . it destroys honey bears and big city bbq . the guy who owns the place resembles michael clarke duncan and is extraordinarily friendly . he gives us free sodas often and used to break my balls when i was n't over-the-top gentlemanly with my girlfriend . the food is relatively expensive , but he gives you a large volume . you 'd have to be a big boy to finish the entire thing in a sitting . the brisket melts in your mouth . the rib meat falls off the bone like it was never attached . yes , it 's fairly greasy , but the food is absolutely delicious . the sides are n't anything special , but they are good . the meat earns this place five stars , along with the character of the guy who owns the place . the atmosphere is somewhat minimal , but i actually like it for that . it 's just a simple bbq place . you get jars for your drinks , and the tables have traditional picnic table cloths .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while my band was recording our latest album nearby , we ate here about 3-4 times a week ... . full of kicks and the fries are definitely complimentary to the overload of flavors . the only reason it doesnt get a % 100 percent review is because the beef ribs are not bad , but they are not noteworthy ... .. try the jamaican jerk wings if you are into spicy food ... . they will burn your tongue for days ! ! hottest sauce on earth and i have had them all ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars - probably one of the best bbq in the valley ... yes even better than joe 's bbq ... the cornbread and butter makes my mouth salivate ... nowhere else does cornbread taste so good . the spicy bbq sauce is the best in the valley . the meat quality is good , the bbq sauce is what makes this place 5 stars . 0 stars - problem is it is closed forever . spot is available for lease .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best in az no doubt , fresh corn bread comes with everything , the sides are huge and very inexpensive wow ! ! ! try the spicy fries ( they are not too spicy ) the bbq sauce is amazing perfect for the dry rub ribs you can make them as wet as you want ... .. love it ! get to know the owner ivan he has got some great history about his business , lots of good stories , he is in there everyday everything is always perfect and how it should be ivan gets a strong 5 stars because even if you hate bbq you have got to give this place some play", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is n't the best bbq in az , but it is good . i liked the beans and meat , but not so much the cole slaw , which was too sweet , and the mashed potatoes , which were rather pasty . they serve a side of sauce in a piping-hot miniature cast iron skillet . i thought that was kinda cool . they also serve your drink in an old fashioned mason jar . more cool-ness . more to go for : they have friendly , fast service and the store is very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sad that this place closed last yr we would go to this place all the time mr kinfolk was super nice he would always give us extra food and idk about you but im glad to get up and fill my own drink so it can be full all the time great bbq and great place sad this place is closed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i try to make it over her for lunch at least once a month . the setting is so-so , but the smell and taste of the food make up for it . the bbq pork and chicken are very good , as well as the slaw and corn bread .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't expect to find a place with some old style bbq surroundings in scottsdale . i had the half slab baby backs $ 16.99 , comes with 2 sides , and comes with cornbread . the cornbread , well is a little different , darker , and denser than most , tasted ok . i had cole slaw which was slightly sweet and very good , and the spicy fries which were not very spicy but cooked very well and taste near perfect . the ribs , moist , smoky , and a nice rub . it all comes with a fry pan of bbq sauce . the sauce is slightly sweet , hot and very good . i saw someone else get a sandwich , and it had almost 2 inches of meat on it . maybe that 's next . fast subdued friendly service and odd , funny signs on the walls , sure this is scottsdale ? i highly recommend it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved into the area near the restaurant this past weekend , and decided to give it a try . i took my parents ( since they helped me move ) , and they always love bbq . the inside of the restaurant was simple , but the mason jars you get your soda in were a nice throwback touch to the bbq joints of the old days . it has table service , but the service was slow . i am pretty sure it was the owner who does all the service , but he is extremely friendly . i got the hot link sandwich . it was huge , and pretty tasty . i recommend getting the grilled veggies as your side , because it helps make a killer sandwich . i tasted the pork and brisket as well . both were worth time . this place is unassuming and serves some mean food . the kicker was the fresh peach cobbler dessert that came at the end of the meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , love the atmosphere , reminds me of my time in mississippi , ( that 's not really a compliment ) just get that authentic southern hospitality feel . had the `` pig '' sandwich with the jambalaya side . the pig was good big and hearty , lots of food here , and the side dish was really good too , probably do n't wan na know they origin of the seafood in the jambalaya , but it tasted fresh ... but hands down the best part of the meal was the cornbread , so soft so flavorful , some of the best i have ever had , i think i complimented the owner three times on it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough terrible things about this place . aside from being out of stuff , staff never having any idea what 's going on ( they make you pay for gift cards with cash or debit-never has any other store done this ) their pharmacy shorted me on my prescription . since i have no way to prove it i 'm basically out 5 days early . good thing it 's not heart medication ! ! incompetent , slow , unsafe , these are only a few words that come to mind when i think about this place . stay away ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think i 've been way too harsh on ya , rite aid . yes , the staff is still a little slow . well , more like really slow . but they 're usually very , very nice . i 've also learned that their issues with my rx was n't really all their fault . some of it , yes , but mostly it was just because i had crappy insurance . now that i have great insurance , life is much better -- and dealing with the pharmacy here is much easier . plus , they pretty much have anything you might need in case it 's late and no one else is open . you know ... just in case of emergencies . bandaids , medicine , milk , wine , cheese , wine , as seen on tv treasures , wine , make-up , gnc vitamins , wine , toiletries , wine and wine . lastly , while most everything is a little pricier than your average store because of the convenience factor , they have great sales sometimes and their wine is always thrifty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst rite aid ! allison in pharmacy is the worst pharmacist i ever been too she 's rude and makes you feel very unwelcome", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad they have better deals than the other rite aids and their store is bigger : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an impressive selection of food including sushi at a very reasonable price . i am particularly fond of the grill selection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical , chinese buffet . lunch was only 5 $ , that 's right 5 $ . f-the 5 $ foot long . food was fresh and service was attentive . not a lot of seafood but for 5 $ you can not complain", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sushi was actually good for buffet sushi . i think general consensus is that the price is nice and cheap , so make sure you go during a busy time so that the food is fresh and well stocked . you are less likely to be disappointed that way . my husband got a giant plate of teriyaki shrimp from the hibachi , which was awesome . so yeah , when fresh , it 's a great deal and pretty tasty . during the slow hours , not so good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did not like this chinese buffet at all . unfortunately , there are no other chinese buffets in this area so you were kind of out of luck . if it were me i 'd rather drive over to eastlake or down to boston heights then eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for some quick sushi take out . was not expecting the best , but i was expecting something at least edible . stay away from any sushi with fish or imitation crab ! fish tasted chewy , smelt very strong , and did not taste right . imitation crab was hard like it had somehow gone stale . again , as i said , i was not expecting anything fancy ... but i threw it out , it tasted like food poisoning waiting to happen . not sure about other food at the buffet , but after that , i am never coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "positives : - the price ! where else can you find such a cheap price for so much food ! ? - hibachi bar . while the selection for it is n't great , it is nice to be able to get a fresh hot plate . - usually nicely stocked . you do n't have to wait long for them to refill a food tray . negatives : - quality of food . after having other buffets in the area , the quality is lower . you do get what you pay for . - amount of oil . i do realize that most chinese places use a lot of oil , but this place uses a lot of oil in everything . - trying to communicate with some of the waitresses . getting individual checks and not just a check for the table is not always the easiest . overall- price keeps people coming back , but quality is lacking . 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is good to come during the week and if you come before 4:00 you pay $ 4.99 but today i 'm giving them 2 stars because the food was terrible , so i would never come back on a monday . if this had been my first experience you would never see me here again . the egg foo young was out , no dim sum , very small selection of sushi , egg rolls cold and old , i did n't even try the broccoli it was n't even green anymore . i 've never seen it this bad . if it 's busy then the food is good hot and fresh", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would easily given this a hearty 5 stars , glowing review for the buffet alone ! ! the broccoli was bright green , the pepper chix was delicious , ( i was a little meh about the gen tso 's chix lack of spicey heat ) and the dessert were fresh and varied ( the beat of any buffet i have ever been ) . the hibachi even looks like it could be promising ( not too much variety , but a good amount ) . but , and its a big butt ( this is a buffet after all ) , the sushi looks rough . if this place was not called tjs sushi and buffet , i think more peoples expectations would be met and this would easily be a four or five star place . this is by far the best chinese buffet anywhere on the east aide of cleveland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time visiting and i 'm very disappointed . they do have a large variety of food but the food is tasteless , which is my biggest complaint . the egg rolls were basically empty inside and tough . the fried wing dings were not that tasty . i could n't eat the brocolli on my plate because something that i could n't recognize was hanging off of it . the vegetable fried rice barely had any vegetables in it . all of the food was cold . on top of that my glass was dirty with someone 's lipstick . though everyone i dealt with was quite nice i ca n't go back . good price at $ 4.99 before 4pm but still not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for $ 5 he ca n't go wrong . the sushi itself is worth the $ 5 . i almost feel guilty so i usually order a pop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the booth we sat in was torn to pieces . the food was not even hot . very disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised when going here for first time . we have a great buffet we go to close to home in mentor , a great chinese buffet . oddly this one was laid out very similar as far as food trays in same locations on buffet line . i did like there fried chicken , ribs , and rice better . oh and sweet dour chicken was really good . spring rolls sushi was as expected . nice place to relax , clean and friendly on out first visit . i 'll take kids this time and see what they say . not sure why food was n't steaming like our regular place , it was not as hot ... as far as disappointing was egg foo yung one of my favs , couple things seemed a little under browned . all in all ... enjoyed a nice meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worse buffet i ever been to , the place i say it smell like piss . the food were cold and there is barely any food . never going back again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a place we came often . no more . visited wed. 9 21 about 6:30 pm and there were only 2 table filled . buffet usually fine ... .. egg foo young cold baby fried shrimp hard , not eatable , the food on the buffet was not only cold , but o l d. it was apparent it had been there for hours . it was truly not appetizing , or chewable . we will not go back there . it 's sad because it started off as a friendly , good food buffet . old food is not acceptable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap . greasy . nothing great . actually enjoyed it more than the place across the street that costs 2-3 times more . you get what you pay for and for $ 5 bucks , you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's actually pretty good ! the service is friendly and quick . the sushi is very good . the food is very good except for the chicken which is sub par . i would recommend this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst tattoo i 've ever had ! met these guys at a tattoo convention in la . they appeared to know what they were talking about & doing , but nothing could be farther from the truth . the lines were n't straight , the colors were not what i wanted , and somehow the final price was not what we spoke about . basically , i got the tatt covered up over 3 more sessions with an artist i know & trust , and to say the least , i learned my lesson the hard way . make sure you know who your dealing w before you make a perminent decision such as a tattoo . their name says it all , you 'll either love or hate this place . i could n't hate it more if i tried ... i 'll post the horrific pics , check back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am giving it 3 stars just on customer service . i came in to get my foot tattoo touched up and add more . meg did a great job at what i wanted.. but she was just very odd.. rude.. distant . and the guy that was working behind the desk was rude . someone called as me and a couple other people were standing at the desk.. he answered.. the ppl on the phone asked how much is the hourly rate . he told them and then as soon as he hung up ... the guys goes.. i hate fu ^ % ! g bargain shoppers . you can say what you want but it does n't look good in front of your paying customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i walked in with my own design without an appointment and walked out an hour or so later with my first tattoo . christopher robin did an excellent job and i constantly get compliments on it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a list of parlors to review but this will be the first . i will start by saying love and hate is a cozy lil shop . great artists include christopher robin and jason . what my issue is that when i got tattooed there i was tattooed by someone who got fired later and does crappy work . they knew he was a shitty artist and they did n't tell me . i found this out from one of them later.. please if you know one of your artists does shoddy work , fire them immediately . it has taken me two other artist and a lot of money to fix the damage that person did . but again there are a lot of great artists there now so feel free to go . i will probably go there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my mom had tattoos done by jason of this tattoo parlor . it was done in idaho at a tattoo expo , not this location . jason did an amazing job designing artwork ( a flamingo ) from scratch , and the tattoos are flawless . he did n't have the greatest attitude , and was sort of rude for a while so we almost left , but we did n't and i am glad because he did an amazing job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their most recent addition to their tattoo artist roster is mike bergfalk . he is currently tattooing my wifes entire arm with the most ernst haeckel jellyfish and coral . his line work is some of the best i have seen and his colors are bright and brilliantly shaded . he has also tattooed my side with a very large greg simkins sketch . the shop is very nice , clean and the other artists and piercers are helpful , friendly , professional and informative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony fixed my `` 19 and stupid '' tattoo . it now looks better and has given me ideas on how to finish the theme . will be back as soon as i have the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a tattoo is a very personal thing and not a decision to be made lightly as we all know . finally figuring out what i wanted and then finding the artist talented enough to do it are 2 huge tasks . i know for a fact that i accomplished both at love and hate . i had a piece done by an artist at this shop a year ago and was thrilled with the work . i am currently working on finishing my right arm sleeve with meg , the owner . he professionalism , talent and loveability all speak for themselves . the staff is curteous and helpful . this shop is not full of elitest tattoo artists who think their crap does n't stink like most tattoo shops . i 've recommended several friends there and will continue to do so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in without an appointment on a thursday and with my own design and walked out a couple hours later with a lovely new scroll work around my forearm by tony ( who had some excellent tunes on shuffle btw ) . the shop is relaxed . staff was friendly and unpretentious . they have all the artist portfolio 's up front for you to browse through . they had a tv in the waiting room and lots of tattoo magazines and the like as well as some tattoo flash , body jewelry , and merchandise to look through . i felt very comfortable from beginning to end and as a result would recommend the shop and artist to my friends . i 'll be returning for more ink soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to get my first tattoo in 15 years . i was n't familiar with any of the artists in the area so i checked out yelp and several artists ' fb pages . one that kept coming up was tony goeke from love & hate . he seemed to have a good command of black and gray so i hit him up for a bamboo design . i gave him some pictures and an idea of what i wanted the bamboo to symbolize and he ran with it . he came up with a concept i did n't even think of and it made perfect sense . goeke was professional and had a light touch , which my wrist forearm appreciated . the tattoo is 3 weeks old now and almost perfectly healed . i do need some touch-up to reinforce the outline in a few areas but other than that , this tattoo is great . very happy with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into love and hate to see if i could successfully cover an old tattoo ... michael was there and said it would be no problem . i love love love my new tattoo . michael is awesome , very professional and the shop is clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for a nose piercing , super nervous because i 'm terrified of needles . i let my piercer know , he was soo compassionate and gentle ! thank you for making it a great experience . i highly recommend you go to torin for your piercings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they took my piercing and my friends tattoo as walk ins and did amazing work ! the men there are so nice and professional , love their work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am writing this review because i think its important to let people know of my experience.tattoos are silly to some but to those of us who like them they are personal.i came in there with a half sleeve that was badly done.twice.nobody would touch this thing.danny was literally my last hope.it took some time but a miracle happened and he did a awsome job recovering my tattoo.looks awsome.i had another one that he had to fix up and he made a tattoo i hated look awsome.cover ups are n't easy and there not alot of artists that will even touch them.danny is truely talented , clean and professional . i also ordered a awsome real diamond nose peice there as well.i totally recommend danny ross .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by love and hate today to get my nipples pierced and both daith pierced . the shop was clean and the staff was very friendly . torin was my piercer . he thoroughly explained the process and pierced me . it was done relatively quickly with less pain than i expected . i 'm very happy with the service . i 'll be back . i recommend torin for all your piercings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a prior leg tattoo from a previous tattoo shop from old town scottsdale ( shop is now closed , not surprised from my experience ) . had a very large aquatic cover up done here in multiple sessions and could n't be happier ! since then i 've started some sleeves here . even unfinished , i get tons of compliments from random cashiers or co workers . they take art very seriously there , not just stuff off a wall which is what i had them cover up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a guy named tony goeke did my tattoo and it is literally the most embarrassing tattoo on my body.. oh and its right on my shoulder blade ! he seemed super confident to do a cover up touch up on a previous tattoo and not only does my tattoo look the exact same but only 10xshittier , it looks like my 3 year old scribbled all over me . i paid him for 2 hours , when i really barely even sat for 1.5 hour ... when i showed him pictures of how awful it was he blamed it on me.. because i only `` gave him two hours to work on a flat surface '' ... totally out of his element.. if you do n't want a traditional tattoo dont come to tony goeke ! i paid 300 bucks for my tattoo to look like scribbles and for him to blame it on me ! ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just got a tattoo by meg at the body art expo in sf . after browsing so many booths i was overwhelmed with what artist to choose . i came across her portfolio by accident ( was near women 's bathroom ) and knew i wanted her to do it for me . i got a simple script tattoo that probably any decent tattooist there could have done but she did such a fab job . even one of the la booths that won awards was complementing the script writing . very happy with it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my first tattoo here 2 years ago and they knew it was my first . it was about 4 '' x2 '' and was not very detailed mostly lines charged almost 300 $ and did n't tell me it was going to be that much till they were done also the guy chewed up my skin pretty bad on part of the tattoo . took the tattoo twice as long to heal and scarred me . i would not recommend going here for a first tattoo they take advantage . i think they just pond me off to some nubbie .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been getting a half sleeve from danny ross over the course of several sessions . super clean and professional shop . great artist with personality and a very comfortable environment . i would recommend for anyone getting work done for a first tattoo or someone who has been tattooed before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both of my tattoos were done here so i do n't have experience with other tattoo parlours , as an fyi . my first is on my left forearm and was done by christopher robin . anyway , i brought in the design and he was super nice and made sure i was comfortable , as it was my first tattoo . my mother got her first right after and he designed it in 5 minutes and it looks awesome . very professional , clean , had a light hand , and recommended . my second tattoo was larger and a little more complicated , on the left side of my lower back . sadly , i do n't remember the guys name but he was also really nice and made sure i was ok in the areas the tattoo really hurt . also very clean and professional with a light hand . i would totally recommend this place for anyone in phoenix looking to get a tattoo . ask for jason or chris if they 're available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got my first tattoo here . geoke is a very creative person and very good to first timers . i am happy with what he created and could not imagine a better first tattoo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional . client-oriented , respectful , and easy-going . encouraging on phone , walked-in , got what i got , walked-out . place is done up authentic with all the trappings of a fine establishment . north side of mcdowell , with entrence on left ( or west ) side of building . this review was filtered out 2 days after posting . whatever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy . working with danny ross and he has done a great job on my tattoo . two sessions so far and debating about a third . it just depends on if i want more color or not . he did a great job and is extremely good with detail work . i highly recommend danny and i am sure the other artists are very good . we are also going to spend 3-4 hrs on another tattoo of mine in the future to enhance it . it was done at another shop . while i am happy with the original version know danny can make it even better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always loved tattoo art , but after my first experience at a different shop i was left with a bad taste in my mouth . i am working on my third tattoo from danny ross , and i have to say i am addicted . every time i come to him with an idea he just enhances it . this guy is a true artist . i can see why he is booked out months in advance . i have also seen work from other artists here , and they are all very good . i recommend everyone go and check out the work . btw danny is currently working on a cover-up on that first tattoo that i was n't to crazy about . the truth is you never know a bad tattoo until you get a good one . go get a good one at love and hate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here to get my half sleeve finished slowly but surely over years because i lived out of state . i drove from california to arizona on my time off to get work done here by janet ! she 's badass ! and her work is amazing ! i highly suggest it and am just thrilled with all of my tattoos done here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars ... meg has been working on my chest piece , danny tattood my father , and goeke has tattood my mother ... all 3 pieces are amazing and we will go back ... . all other artists are also very good and extremely professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got my first tattoo last wed from meg at love and hate . she is great and an extremely talented artist . the owner miley is great as well . he pierced my nose . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to l & h , last saturday to get a tattoo of my daughter 's name touched up , unfortunately the person who did it last did a really crappy job . after a brief discussion it was suggested to cover up my tattoo and just get her name somewhere else . they offered me soda and made my time there comfortable . the end results are great ! ! you ca n't even tell the other design was their before . goeke did my tattoo , free-handed it , asked me if i was okay with the sensitive parts because of the area it was it , and made it within the price range i asked while making it the size i wanted . aw-some job ! ! ; ) i will definitely be going there for my next one after this ones heals . word of wisdom if you can not handle pain do not get a tattoo in-between the crack of your hand and wrist . thanks goeke . =d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first yelp review ever and i 'm writing to give credit where it is due . recently got a great custom tattoo from danny ross . i came in with some reference materials and he ran with it , freehanding most of the tattoo right on my back . i was flexible with some design aspects but he was really good at taking my input and making sure i got my `` must-have 's '' in the piece . tattoo took four sessions and i tipped well , so it wound up costing a little more than i anticipated . but ultimately worth every penny . ( see photo - jungle chick w skulls ) staff was friendly and vibe in the shop was as professional as you can get in a tattoo parlor . overall highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to several different tattoo parlors , been tattooed by a couple different artist but by far my best experience is with love and hate . i got a tattoo from danny ross and he is the most talented , yet humble , artist i have ever met . i am very specific on size , color , script , and i wanted my roses to look realistic . he is so patient and took the time to make sure we were on the same page and i was happy . my tattoo came out better than i even thought possible . danny is a true artist . the staff was so nice and fun . the talent in that shop is unreal ! ! really great people ! ! it is a very relaxed , yet professional enviroment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this shop . currently getting a % 100 custom half sleeve from danny ross . i 've had a few sessions and the shop is always clean and everyone there is very welcoming . danny took his time to talk to me about what i wanted to do , he added his input and worked with me to create the perfect piece . i 've never felt rushed or pressured into getting work i was n't totally sold on . i have a bit more to go on my arm before i can start my next at this shop ... . check out the shop and you will be very pleased ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. zahiri and her staff are incredible ! needing my wisdom teeth removed , i received quotes from several offices before a good friend referred me to all smiles dentistry . i have now been a patient for over 3 years now and have had half a dozen cleanings , a filling and a my wisdom teeth pulled . i am so grateful to all smiles dentistry for their care and amazing service . being a mom of 3 i value that visits are quick , efficient and pricing is always very good . i have since recommend dr. zahiri to many friends and family who all thank me for the referral", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 10 stars i would ! i was on vacation and needed to find a dentist that could resolve my tooth pain . but i was leaving in 2 days to fly back home.i was very impressed with my initial call to the office , and even more impressed at their immediate response to my needs . i initially had 2 crowns done . but because the pain continued , i was back in the second day for a root canal . they did absolutely everything to make my visits as comfortable as possible . usually when crowns are needed , you get a temporary for a week to 10 day , but because i was flying back home in 2 days they were able to rush order my crowns in 1 day . dr z was very professional and had excellent chair-side manner . since i had never had a root canal before she explained each step to me which made me feel much more at ease . i have already referred friends in the phoenix area to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to live in gilbert and went to a dentist there i really liked . then i moved to phoenix . for a few years i made the drive to gilbert when i needed to see the dentist . i got tired of making that drive and the traffic and took a chance at a new office . i found all smiles and dr. zahiri and the reviews were really good . i made an appointment and went to the office . it 's the first time i 've ever been to medical office where literally every staff member seemed genuinely happy to be working . they seemed happy to have me there . the doctor was every bit as nice , and she went out of her way to talk to me about the implant i previously had done at another office , even though i was only there for a routine cleaning and checkup . excellent experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office deserves so much recognition for their top notch service ! from the first call , the staff was very friendly and made my visits as accommodating as possible . the staff knows me by name ( i 've only been to the office twice ) , and the girls are so friendly during the entire visit . everyone from the front desk to the dental assistants and dr. z ... all of them are so genuine and friendly ! ! special shout outs go to vanessa and jenny who are so knowledgable and eased my nervousness during my procedures . the slide show of pictures of the girls in the office and their customers let me know this is a close knit group and it shows with professional service . if you are looking for a new dentist , you must go here ! ! ! thanks all smiles for being amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. z and her staff at all smile dentistry are the best ... such nice and lovely environment with the nicest staff ... best experience i ever had at a dentistry ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for my routine dental cleaning last month and saw jenny . jenny performed an oral cancer screening and recommended i see my regular physician because she thought my thyroid seemed enlarged . i 'm very thankful she was so thorough and noticed the issue so i could address it with my doctor . i 've never gone to another dental office that did screenings like this one . i 'll definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant staff , excellent care , and great bed side manner ... gentle doctor ... amazing support staff ... it shows that everyone genuinely love what they do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir hatten privat oft was vom kn\u00f6pfle restaurant geh\u00f6rt , mal gutes mal schlechtes . leider m\u00fcssen wir das fazit zuerst ziehen . das restaurant ist nur bedingt empfehlenswert . es liegt in der gem\u00fctlichen altstadt von leonberg und die ambiente oben im restaurant ist angenehm und gem\u00fctlich . auch tr\u00e4gt das sch\u00f6ne fachwerkhaus dazu bei . aber wenn das essen nicht stimmt , dann ist ein solcher besuch eine traurige angelegenheit . der service war zwar nett und bem\u00fcht , konnte aber wegen einer gr\u00f6\u00dferen runde im gleichen raum nicht die aufmerksamkeit bringen , die man erwartet . geessen wurde gr\u00fcner spargel , stubenk\u00fcken und kalbsleber mit kartoffelstamf . das stubenk\u00fcken war auf einen gem\u00fcsebett und dieses war gerademal lauwarm . der dazugeh\u00f6rige kartoffelgratin kam zu sp\u00e4t . die vorspeisen und der nachtisch waren zwar mit schlecht , aber irgendwie nicht \u00fcberzeugend . getrunken haben wir wein , aperitifs und mineralwasser .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "... endlich mal wieder im kn\u00f6pfle , unserem stammrestaurant ! alles ist wie immer und prima : hervorragendes essen , sehr freundlicher service , ausf\u00fchrliche tageskarte mit ausgefallenen , teilweise sehr bodenst\u00e4ndigen ( altbayerischer leberk\u00e4s mit hohem leber-anteil , hauseigene maultaschen mit pfifferlingen ) , teilweise anspruchsvollen ( lammkoteletts ) gerichten . sehr empfehlenswert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die liaison der jakobsmuschel mit dem sie umklammernden gebratenen speck war nicht von langer dauer , sie ging geschmacklich daran zugrunde . die taube des hauptgerichts war dagegen sehr geschmackvoll und auch optisch ansprechend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to the markham location . thought that this circus was really below average . not nearly as good as ringling brothers the worst was that it was super hot inside ( and this was on a 25 degree day ) . it was really uncomfortable to the point that i was just waiting for it to end so i could escape to the breeze outside . i 've been to a few circus before , and do n't remember ever being this hot . apart from that a few other things to keep in mind : -no permanent restrooms . instead they have the portable ones -no assigned seating -free parking -it is super commercialized . they really are trying hard to sell various things services throughout the show . wish they could 've spent a fraction of that money on keeping the guests cool we came with a groupon , and would have felt absolutely ripped off if we paid full price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to the markham location . had a promo code so got 2 tickets for $ 38 . for this price it was a really great value . show lasted 2 hours including a 30 minute intermission ( $ 10 elephant ride during intermission for the kids . $ 15 for adults ) . good variety of acts and decent food ( $ 5 hot dogs , large cotton candy , popcorn ) . the `` light up toy guy '' was oddly aggressive and angry . overall it was an entertaining show !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to mississauga location . not very interesting . kind of boring . we used groupons and if i would have to pay a full price i would be very angry . very hot inside . they were trying very hard to sell people various snacks before , during and after the show .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "uxl has a indoor soccer class in the winter that my son had a great time at and learned a lot . the coaches were enthusiastic and encouraging while giving positive criticism . the times were great but if we could n't make his scheduled time and we gave them advance notice , they let him jump in a different group . and the best part is ... ... ... ... while he was back foot balling it up , i got the run on the treadmill up front .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gym is bar far the best in the area . the staff is friendly and helpful . they have more equipment than any other gym in the area , and it is really quite affordable . they have free weights , cable machines , hammer strength and life fitness machines , and an area where you can do cross fit exercises . they offer childcare , tanning , and a variety of unique classes . whether you are a beginner or competing in contests , you will feel at home here . as long as i 'm in the area , i will work out here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome facility . they have everything you need to get it done . all the gear is modern and kept up and the staff are friendly and helpful and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gym , not to packed has everything you need plus more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this location ! not only is it super close to home , but it 's got everything we need . we recently inquired about custom cupcakes for our wedding , and one of the ladies at the bakery made us up samples to try . we are super excited to be getting exactly what we want ( chocolate cupcake w peanut butter frosting and yellow cake snicker doodle frosting ) for less than half the price of the local cupcake boutiques . great service and selection all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved here where we did n't have giant eagles and did n't realize that i had to get a card to get the inflated sales price . the line was so long and slow in the middle of the day , i watched my food defrost in line . i could have butchered the cow and cooked dinner faster . the cashier politely told me to head to the customer service counter and they would get me a card and refund the difference . i waited for a solid 7 minutes at the desk while 2 employees discussed the schedule and what days who needed off , etc . all while my food was defrosting ... .. i 've been grocery shopping at target since .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice clean place . usually helpful if you can get a veteran worker . it 's like any other giant eagle . no get-go at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not much of a variety when it comes to gluten free products , there 's only one very small section near the cereal that does n't even span the entire aisle . everything else is frozen and over priced . i was really disappointed that they offer absolutely nothing in the bakery or prepared foods section that is gluten free or vegan . this location really needs to step up their a-game ! and the pile of bright orange vomit directly next to your vending machine at the entrance is beyond appealing . the heavy stench of smoke in the same area made me want to choke ... so do n't use the left side of the entrance because it 's always like this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have around 30 check-ins at this marriott . it used to be my go-to spot where i would swing by after work and avoid the 5pm traffic on the 101 and just kick it back with a glass of vino and some appetizer near the fire pits on the outside patio . service is phenomenal , always smiley and helpful staff members to get you a refill or anything you might be needing , very neat and clean all over , food is always tasty and comes out on time and warm . it 's just something you 'd expect to get from a 5 star hotel . their flatbreads and cocktails are on point and they have seasonal beers on tap and some really cool local brews . did i mentioned that one of my favorite breweries up in flagstaff makes their twenty6 beer ? yup , it 's mother road brewing . you will not be disappointed by this place if you decide to swing by and relax outside by the fire pits or catch a game of football inside the lounge lobby bar area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness , where to begin , we ended each night of our vacation with a cocktail at this wonderful jw marriot cocktail lounge . met wonderful people each night . the drinks were great and the bartenders very attentive . i never wanted to leave . the short rib sliders , which i had twice , were fantastic . excellent atmosphere . really hoping to have another stay here soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is way under rated ! so goooood ! we come to the jw every summer for about 7 years . the food used to be great then fell off for a couple years so we were always eating across the street . but tonight we were desperately hungry and too lazy to leave the hotel so we ordered pretzel bites , wings , and cheese platter - omg i was pleasantly surprised and wished we ate here more during our trip ! ! ! the wings were amazing , you get like 10 huge wings for $ 15 , so worth it . ditch the pool food and eat here trust me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a big fan . on my stay here , i stopped in 3 times . the first time i had an awful experience . i ordered the burger medium rare , it was fully cooked and i did not enjoy it at all . although the sweet potato fries were delicious ! i came in for a quick breakfast one morning which was good . the last time i ordered the turkey club and thought it was great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious , courteous , friendly ... this little gem , nested on the first floor lobby of the elegant jw marriott desert ridge resort & spa , offers elegant atmosphere , delectable bites and a friendly , hard-working wait staff . their food is delicious and filling . my husband and i snacked on treats while watching a football game . in the evening we sat outdoors by the fire and snacked on the artisan cured meats and local cheese board . the selection was simple and just enough to satisfy our need to snack . decaf coffee at night was very good . we enjoyed an argentinian malbec as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun time on friday nite . sat by the water and listened to live music . food was okay but happy hour prices made it better . smaller beer list but good selection of wine . nicely designed outdoor space . hotel like indoor space . pleasant server but was waiting on too many tables . still worth a visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not miss this spot ! if you are staying at the hotel find your way to it on the first floor , if you are close by make your way in for some special cocktails and tasty food . this is not your typical bar food . i had the short rib sliders with the home made chips with a spice market old fashioned cocktail for lunch . these folk know what they are doing and serve it well . i wish miami was not so far away !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disgusting . cigarette burns on both bed spreads . carpets torn . mold in shower . hallway smelled . fabric on chair disintegrating . surprised i was n't the star of a horror movie last night . the one star is way too generous . enough said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well i had to give a star because required . this place is a star minus . land scraping does not exist and the up keep is just a grade above a bed bug infested super 8 hotel so what does that tell you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "simply disgusting . when we checked in , there were crumbs on the counter . the sink had dried beard hairs in it whcih is no surprise since the sink did not drain . there were pubic hairs all over the floor in the bathroom . the wallpaper was falling off and there was mold underneath . the whole place stank of mold and old smoke . it was simply awful", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's 5 months later and i still hate this place ! ! ! ! ! what a blight on humanity that this place exists ! ! ! can i do a negative 3 ? that would make me feel better . out of four stars , this place gets a -3", "score": "1"}
{"review": "keep driving ! we only stayed here because of the greasy sasquatch working the studio 6 down the street who had stains on his shirt that were living who gave us the heebeejeebees . too bad we did n't look at the reviews for this place before paying . this is officially the most expensive $ 20 hotel ever . 6 times the price it should be and its still a waste at that . smell yes , dirt yes , dust yes , grease yes . vacuum no , cleaning staff no but i did see a poser with a vacuum at midnight.. guy was probably looking to do a break and enter something because that thing has n't worked in 20 years . i have n't taken a shit in here yet but when i do in the morning it will likely clean the place up a bit . do n't stay here even if they give you 80 % off ... ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is garbage , the girl at the front desk was rude , absolutely zero personality . it was overpriced for comparable hotels . the towels look like they are used to wax cars , they are dirty i am afraid to get under the blanket . i 'm active-duty army and for me to be a little bitch about this says a lot . this is the first one star review i 've ever given on yelp . i needed to wash clothes , two dollars to use the washing machine and two dollars to use the dryer and two dollars for soap . and both the machines were disgusting . i am afraid to look under the bed there might be a used condom . in all seriousness stay away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give it zero stars i would . horrible , craptastic hotel . days inn should pull their franchise . more cigarette butts than grass outside the door , exterior door does n't even lock . electrical outlet sitting on the floor and pulled out of the wall . no lightbulb in the lamp . mold all over the bathroom , furniture is in disrepair , but hey they have flat screen tvs . just keep driving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was traveling home from california and stayed in many hotels along the way , this was by far the worse one . outdated , carpets and paint needed replacing , appliances were old and or not working ( fridge was non-functioning ) , and they did not bother to clean the bathroom since the previous guests ' used soap was still in the shower ! the breakfast was very skimpy ; no fruit ( not even bananas ) and the few yogurts they had were not refrigerated or on ice . barely more than toast , bad coffee , and kids cereals were available . the people were nice but i was never so eager to leave a `` hotel '' before . as soon as i saw my room , if it had not been late i would have asked for a refund and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "should have read the yelp reviews before going here . stayed here one night on a road trip . definitely not worth the $ 89+tax . not the best location . hotel is attached to a defunct restaurant banquet hall . only saving graces are free breakfast and a flat screen tv . other than that , you can find much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this hotel is definitely one of the dirtiest places i have stayed . we were here for a death in the family and checked in at 4am after leaving hospital . we got two adjoining rooms and someone had used the bathroom in the one room without flushing and it appeared to not have been cleaned . saw a spider in the other room and the floors turned our feet black instantly . do not recommend staying here and will be sending an email to the corporate office about our stay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cons : dirty old carpet throughout hotel and room , fuzzy tube tv , hair on linens and in sink , filthy under beds , and dust covered exhaust fan in bathroom , best up old furniture , leaking fridge , tiny bathroom . entire place needs remodeling and a deep deep cleaning . they keep the air off in the entire building including the rooms . when you walk in it is a sauna and takes a few hours to cool down pros : looks like they did the laundry by washing linens and some towels even though towels are dingy white and stained . hotel is way over priced even with aaa discount for what it looks like", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean storage units , code access gated access to units , so they are safe and secure . great friendly and professional staff . my business has been storing a bunch of its stuff here since 2009 . great experience consistently . they email your receipts easily for your tax records . plus you can rent u-haul here easily . they phone and email reminders graciously when your rent it due . 100 % recommend ! safe . clean . reliable . secure . professional . friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , very knowledgeable about u-haul products and serices . was able to change truck at last minute . super friendly and personable . will do business again and highly recommend this business ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are the best . they are always so helpful and pleasant . we actually rented a truck bigger than planned just because of the great service we always get . we could not imagine going anywhere else for or moving needs . thanks as always for such great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! great faculty and really nice and helpful staff . was always so easy to get in and out . would rent again in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are very nice and the units are clean and reasonably priced , but if u would like to make your payment over the phone rather than drive there once a month , get used to being on hold for 10-20 minutes . 20 minutes is my limit . i have called 3 times in the past few days , not including today , no one answered the phone in 20 minutes ? ! ridiculous ! thankfully today they picked up the phone in 12 minutes ( still too long to be on hold if you ask me ) . i live all the way across town now , so it 's really and inconvenience for me to drive down there . i also have a storage unit with a different location of storage one and have never had this problem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greg and victoria are amazing . i ca n't say enough good things about them . they were so helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. was rude and short before surgery and did not explain the surgery . also charges too much for services and will not negotiate with insurance . very rude and would never use him for anything . wish i had had a choice in surgeons because i certainly would not have chosen him !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update : this is very delayed however i have since spoken with dawn in dr. kistner 's office . she seriously went to bat for me with the insurance companies and has taken care of the bill . time and patience would have served me well instead of flying off the handle at the front end of the issue . thank you dawn !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was at this location again yesterday and the staff still totally sucks . this time , while i was bagging my own groceries , i asked the employee drinking starbucks coffee and chatting with his co-worker at the next register if he could please authorize my wine purchase . he gave me the stink eye and a totally sarcastic `` of course ! '' while rolling his eyes . seriously , the only job this guy deserves is standing in the unemployment line . i 'm sure there are thousands of people who would appreciate having a job in this economy , and i wish fresh and easy would find one of them and replace this tool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this fresh and easy had all the products i like but the store itself was not very clean . there was debris on the floor and outside the store . the carts were dirty with trash in them left by previous patrons . unless this store cleans up i will have to take my business elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "having moved to the east valley from the midwest , we were presented with grocery stores that we had never seen nor heard of . after shopping most of them over a few months , my wife and i made a selection for the honorable distinction as `` our neighborhood grocery store . '' fresh & easy was the winner . the store is smaller and less overwhelming . the produce is fresh , and all products are have `` no artificial colors , flavors and no added trans fats . '' we always check their discount shelves and have found some amazing deals . and their havarti cheese is some of the best i 've had . seriously addicting ! my wife is now `` friends '' with a man in his sixties who works there . this place really defines a neighborhood market , in a time when i thought the concept was lost . bravo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place . at first i thought `` maybe i went on an off day '' . nope , i tried shopping here for a week . it just feels ... cheap . like i am shopping at a crappy 97 cent store . small selection of products . i personally ca n't trust the produce from here . most of it is n't refrigerated , there were flies all over the place . on a high note , the meat here is beautiful . which confuses me with the produce being sub-par . oh , sad face emoticon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my favorite grocery stores , offering well-priced basics along with some specialty items . their house brands are generally very good , and more affordable than name-brands . and although it 's technically a self-checkout kind of store , there has always been an employee available to help bag everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh and easy is probably my favorite grocery store . if you are far too lazy to actually ration your healthy foods , come here . they make it easy . get it ? anyway , i 'm a huge fan of their mixed fruit tub box thing . their pre-packaged meals are hit or miss , and they seem to change it up faily frequently . some are delicious , some are tasteless , and you have to keep an eye out for your favorites because sometimes they are there and sometimes they are not . these stores have internal rating on their size iirc , so not every fresh and easy carries the same stuff . check around or ask somebody to find exactly what you want .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love fresh and easy . i am deeply upset that this location and a few others around me have closed . their red pepper hummus paired with their parmesan and garlic pita chips is amazing . i also used to frequently check their clearance section and found some good deals . the higley location that closed a few years prior had the best clearance items because so few people shopped there . they did n't have the cheapest food but i enjoyed that it was fast and convenient when being on a tight schedule .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh & easy is my grocery store of choice ! it 's really convenient and being a one person house hold , portion sizes are perfect for me . i love the .99 cent packs and there 's always healthy and fresh meals ready to go if you really do n't feel like cooking . they carry a lot of great ethnic food ( thai , indian & english ) that i ca n't seem to find at other stores . i really like the fact that it 's a no nonsense type of grocery store . there are n't aisles upon aisles of miscellaneous crap to waste your money on ... only the essentials ! thank you fresh & easy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a quality market with good selection and good prices . i was pleasantly surprised by their `` grab and go '' options as well as their selection of individual , cool drinks . i 'll come back again for quick meals , heat and eat snacks meals and `` in-between '' shopping trips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tons of healthy food . and do n't tell me its pricey if you 'll buy a $ 10 burger at a fast food joint . i love all of the fresh food ! great for the raw vegan or just someone who wants actual food , you know the kind you do n't create with a laboratory . excellent . like aj 's or whole foods but cheaper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent shop . sweet lounge-esque atmosphere . good music , pool table , trendy design . the staff was friendly , the juice was plentiful , and they let you drip test . i needed a new o-ring for my cap and they hooked it up put it on for me . they also hooked up some cotton ( yes i know it is cheap , but not all shops would do this ! ) and let me use their tools to set up for my newly purchased flavors ! they also supply a line of all natural flavors . 10 10 would come here again for anything vape related .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a quality e-cig shop without driving everywhere . great atmosphere reasonable prices quality product and selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are a lot of `` vapor lounges '' in the area , but innovative vapors is the way to go ! not only do they have the best prices , and the best selection , but they actually have a lounge and their staff is freaking awesome . if you go anywhere else , you are fooling yourself . ca n't waitto go back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were very helpful . we ran in to them at the ostrich festival in chandler . they told us to come in and we were not disappointed one bit . staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . not only that , they prices were lower than nearly every other shop i have been to in the area . not to mention , its the first vape lounge that is actually a lounge . my new shop and i bet it will be yours once you check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing vape shop ! ! great staff , friendly , helpful , and caring . if they do n't know the answer they will get the answer ! ! tried tons of different juices to build my flavor profile and juices range from low to hight on quality and price . wide variety but the amount of premium juices they carry is amazing and they are cheaper than several in house juices in the area which advertise all `` organic '' . would highly recommend everyone to get their vaping goodies here . batteries , mods , tanks , coils , juices , ect ... a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! not only can you get tons of great flavors it is awesome that it is an actual lounge where you can hang out and have a great time . you ca n't beat the service and prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just recently visited this place from california . the best ambiance i 've experienced in a while . very laid back and friendly . i would definitely make a stop here again next time i 'm in tempe , arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont give out stars easily but what a great place this turned out to be . i have been looking for a store where someone would spend about 20 minutes with me and help me figure out what i am looking for . this was the place that did it . peter was helpful and asked some questions that really nailed down what i was looking for and sold me a kamry k101 with an igo-w so i can explore building and dripping . they offered to teach me my first build but i was pressed for time but thats on me . they have plenty of juices to try and several different brands to choose from which i am finding is important . store was done up nice , professional but still comfortable . this place is out of my way but worth the trip ! ill return for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this shop is awesome ! i was n't impressed when i first visited them when it was called innovative vapors . now ? i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i had to stop by this evening bc it turns out we got a defective ecig . the guy that helped us , david ( yes ? ) , was extremely personable and helped us quickly . we were able to walk out with a new tank for the thing . if you guys want need to quit smoking or just find yourself wanting to smoke an ecig , this is the place to go . hope this place stays around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have known bashir for years and he is not only an outstanding tobacconist but a great person to talk to . years back you could also smoke in the back of his shop . he is also good at recommending grea cigars based on your price point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just purchased a khalil mamoon hookah . best customer service i 've ever experienced . they had everything from cigars , hookahs , shisha flavour , lighters and much much more ... i definitely recommend checking this place out if you are in the downtown area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely helpful ! amazing hookah selection and amazing cigars too ! ! ! ! i ca n't believe the service . you better believe when i am in toronto i will be coming here ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wide selection of hookahs ! alot of cigars smokes shisha ! i came looking for a hookah and got it for 45 $ ! they even had my coconut charcols ! : ) hookahs range from 35 $ - $ 400 ! very friendly man working there who i swear was stoned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "metro cigar is my place of choice for my hookah , shisha and narguile needs . they have a great selection of shishas and always have good quality tabacco . the owners are knowledgeable and helpful and always have the best products . if you are looking for a new shisha ( of any size ) or a supplier that carries naklah or al faher tabacco , this is the place in downtown toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of cigars ! the owner was very nice and helpful . the prices were a little steep but coming from the us , a good cuban is n't always easy to come by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this tobacco shop has a great selection of cigars and pipe tobacco and has excellent prices . the owner is extremely helpful and friendly whether you 're buying expensive cigars or just a tin of tobacco . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice store . the shop keeper was very knowledgeable and helpful . will be going back tomorrow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my spot . when in the city and want a good # cuban , metro cigar is the place . reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "besher is a great guy and always a pleasure talking to . i always stop by when i 'm in town . great selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have good selection of cuban cigars with all the major brands being covered . the owner was very helpful and took his time helping me out . prices were not the lowest i have seen for cubans . the had a good selection of non cuban cigars and the prices on those were good . good selection of accessories and they are priced reasonably well . i would recommend it to the people who know exactly what they want . the humidor is a huge cabinet in the wall and is not a fancy walk in type place . the do accept credit card which is great . 3.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "based on my research , this is one of the only places in toronto where actual tobacco shisha can be found . that being said , it is absurdly over-priced . $ 65 for 250g of shisha compared to about $ 20 across the border . yes , duty is about 60 % on tobacco but this is ridiculous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very knowledgable people for good smokes ! ! ! would recommend to anyone who 's around toronto", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent selection but not amazing . great service though . no walk in humidor , cigars are lined along the back wall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rds lawn care are great at making sure our lawn is taken care of . they come by my house once a month and do what needs to be done to keep my grass green and in the best of health . i would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service across the board and worth the money spent ! i had aeration over-seeding done and they even come back after 30 days and re-apply seed where there is little growth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend rds lawn service . they are reliable , take the time to do the job right and the lawn looks great . my husband really appreciates that brandon takes the time to answer his questions . at first i thought the prices were a little high compared to some of the other lawn services but they really are n't because they truly take care of the yard - not just doing one thing and leaving even if more is required .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is always fantastic however , many times they do n't have the cookies and cream . i do n't know why since my teenage kids love it and all of their friends but for whatever reason , they are more times than not out of it . i happened to go in when the owner was there serving me and i mentioned it and it apparently it did no good . they still seem to be out of cookies and cream ? ? anyway , the other flavors are awesome so we deal with it ( even if it is n't our first choice ) . they at least hire sufficient staff and they are always a notch above the rest . every single time we have come here the staff have been exceptional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "check out this location of golden spoon for a free 8 ounce frozen yogurt this weekend only ! ! ! toppings are $ .90 extra ! ! open till 10pm tonight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , their yogurt always tastes heavy and overly sweet to me . i wish they would have some more fruity tart flavors . more comfortable seating would be a plus as well . nice location - but at this point we 'll drive a little farther west over to ocean blue or zoyo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place - tonight they had about 12 flavors to choose from for a base and some of the very best toppings i 've seen at a yogurt bar . the counter service employees were exceptional and they were offering a 50 % discount for active and past military . class act .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had such a great experience here ! i love the darling staff behind the counter , their flavors and how clean it is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here yesterday night to get my yogurt fix . they had lots of flavor options and toppings available but i went with my usual , peanut buttercup and chocolate with cookie dough pieces . it tasted great and just like i remember from the other location i used to frequent . the staff was nice but they do not accept the free topping with yelp check in as noted here . just a heads up ! kind of a bummer but overall a pretty good experience and i will be back for future cravings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi to fleurescence on monkland , i generally love this store , but last friday i purchased a beautiful bouquet , within 3 days 1 3 of the flowers were almost dead and now 6 days later , 1 2 of the flowers are almost dead , is this supposed to happen ? ? ? ? ? ? or was it a bad batch ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've only visited in person a couple of times but i ordered flowers over the phone for delivery to my mother last week . the staff was very helpful , corrected a small error that they made very quickly , and built a beautiful and colourful bouquet that made my mom 's day ! will definitely be calling them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going for about 10 years - the family that owns and runs the store is very nice , they will help with whatever budget you 're working and will send you on your way with lovely flowers , arrangements and accessories . in the summer you 'll see them outside constantly watering and tending to the flowers and plants they have on the sidewalk . walk by with cute dogs and they are right there giving them a pat : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we summed it up : `` go , go now before they get that star and can charge much , much more for what is by far and away the best indian food we 've ever had . '' book now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had been given some recommendations to try this restaurant . it turned out to be a great decision . the food was absolutely amazing and has to be some of the best indian food i 've ever had . the service was excellent and really could n't fault a thing about the whole night . highly recommended - the lobster was the real highlight . a little more expensive than your average indian restaurant but then it 's not your average indian .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we only went for cocktails , but what lovely cocktails they were : so many original creations featuring fresh fruit ( passion fruit , pomegranate , pineapple , raspberry ) and other flourishes . and if you did n't fancy the special cocktails on the menu , the bartenders were happy to make you anything you desired , and they made it very well . i was pleasantly surprised .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything here is perfect , from service to food ! they were very attentive on our table and took care of very little detail ! we had a family dinner and the food was superb . as a vegetarian i just wish some of the tasting menu was not so repetitive , but it did n't impact on our experience there at all . we took 3 bottles of champagne and they took it away keeping them cold and brought just in a perfect flow ! would definitely go again on our next visit to the family in edinburgh . thanks for all this wonderful team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . the owner was arrogant and offensive . after a half hour wait for a table reserved for 9:00 pm i made a legitimate and polite complaint to the owner . his response was that he did n't need my custom as he has a michelin star ( he does n't ) and has people flocking from miles to visit this restaurant ( he well might ) . he the hit my wife and i with the wonderful linedo you want to eat here or not because i do n't care . this is the owner remember . obviously we were left with no choice so we declined to eat . this was a special night-out for my wife and me and we were looking forward to eating at this restaurant . the whole experience was genuinely horrible and wild horses would not drag me back to this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful service , all the staff were very friendly . the food was delicious , the restaurant was clean , tidy and relaxing . deserve for michelin . thanks mithas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warning ! i made reservations for 2 and they never sent the address of where to go for the ride . then they fraudulently charged my credit card which they still have not reimbursed 6 weeks later . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the amazon locals vouchers and it was an amazing experience . ayla , our guide was as cool as they come.. very friendly and down to earth . horses ( hero & candy ) were really nice too . the whole experience was amazing . we were scheduled for an hour and a half but it took an extra 15 minutes since we stopped for pictures . i received an email that requested to confirm appointment . also instructions when to arrive , where to park , and where to meet the staff . thumbs up.. i 'll definitely will bring more friends to experience this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not give this even one star . booked this thru living social . it said to meet up at the `` ranch '' which was pretty much a junk yard . used the restroom which could be part of a horror movie . my horse was good . but there was no `` trail ride '' ! we rode up a paved street amongst houses then back down the same paved street ( about 5 minutes was on dirt ) . good views of las vegas but that was it . i am very surprised living social even offer this voucher . it was not a good deal at any price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a farce . the silverline location is a road and address that exists in the middle of nowhere literally . after booking one is to receive a destination email with directions which never occurred . no phone number to follow up with and the number on this page was never answered . this is a scam . i do not recommend this outfit ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i read the reviews after i purchased the groupon for my mom and i . everything went smooth online and through email signing up , signing a waiver and getting the address through text . i was always able to stay in communication via text . never any problems . this is n't a scam . the ride was amazing and well worth it . yes you might have to be flexible with your dates and times due to other people trying to squeeze in etc . they do have a few trails and you will get directions 24 hrs before . we arrived at the lake mead location . everyone was very professional and friendly . the horses were awesome , well behaved and so beautiful . the tour guide was great to . well worth it and you ca n't beat that price . just be flexible . you wo n't find a price like this anywhere else . the location was amazing as well ! thanks for a great ride : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to book a ride with them on their web site . i intentionally did not put my credit card number in because their site is not secure . right after i booked my appointment i sent them an email letting them know that i 'd be more than happy to give my credit card but let them know their site was n't secure so i did n't feel comfortable booking it this way to let me know how to contact them . they sent me an email making me wrong for not putting my credit card in and letting me know they were going to cancel my reservation . i responded nicely letting them know why ( again ) and to provide a phone number for where i could call it in ( and i had a couple more questions ) . never heard back from them again . went on living social and cancelled my voucher . i do n't know if they are or not , but the way they handled this makes me feel uneasy and that they are shady . would not recommend based on my experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super surprised of past reviews . my husband and i booked this through groupon and everything went super smooth ! the gentlemen that met us were sooo nice ! this was a beautiful area to ride too ! we would certainly book through them again ! the horses were great too . we even met another couple on our ride that were also celebrating their wedding anniversary like we were ! i would highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to echo other reviews ... i should have checked first ! ! terribly unprofessional communications , cancelled our original ride 1.5 hours before we were scheduled - i find it hard to believe their guide is `` sick '' this often ! re-scheduled for the next day and found we were walking in to a total dump ! charlie , the guide , was friendly and the horses were quite docile but that is the best i can say ! pay more for another trail ride experience !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife purchased tickets to this through groupon for our honeymoon in las vegas . their site said that they would email us within 24 hours of booking along with dates to choose from . we followed all the directions as they were stated on their website . two days had passed with no response whatsoever . when we tried calling them , an automated message said that they do not accept phone calls for booking . what kind of business does not accept phone calls ? thankfully , we were able to receive our money back through groupon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought this experience on living social . got a great deal . the place is located at a house far out on boulder hwy . had a hard time knowing if we had the right spot , lots of horse property out there . they had no signage . the front yard and side yard had lots of junk and clutter laying around . not too appealing to a costumer . on a good note , the people were quite friendly ! an older gentleman showed us around the property . got to pet goats , sheep , bunnies , ponies , and more . the animals looked pretty well taken care of , for vegas farm critters . our ride was about 11 2 hrs long out in a nearby desert close to the house . i wish we went further out . the horses were well trained and well behaved . our guide was a sweet gal . all in all we enjoyed our ride .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had an amazing ride ! the staff was super friendly and all the animals were great ! ! we got our deal off livingsocial and it went off without a hitch ! purchased online , followed the easy instructions , and got a confirmation email quickly . i decided to change my time , and they accommodated us without any problems . the horses were fantastic and so gentle ! we had a mini scare with my horse taking me off the path and straight down the hill ! ! it was scary but she had great balance and i survived . lol we definitely want to return again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scam alert ! ! zero customer service ! first red flag is a business that only operates through text ! what ? ? ! who runs a business like that ? ? second red flag is when you try to book your ride , their website does n't work and the phone numbers are disconnected or go to voicemail . third red flag is the extra charges you must accept to book your ride ! mandatory gratuity ? ! i 'm in the service industry , but this is bullshit . pay your tour guides ! ! a tip is for extra service , not the minimum standard of doing your job ! ! and you do n't tip before the service is completed , you tip after ! finally , you book your ride online and then find out , they 're sold out for the day because they do n't have enough horses . hey , i understand that shit happens , but turn off the booking on your website ! the place has scam written all over it , it 's definitely worth paying a little extra and going somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could not give a star at all ! ! ! i should have read the reviews before i started . we found this place on living social and contacted them through email to find out more information . the informed us that they wanted us to pay through their website instead . i did as they insisted even though i was not comfortable because the website was not secure . it took them forever to take my money out and when i emailed them 48 in advance to confirm my reservation they did n't not respond till the night before . i decided that i did n't want to continue because the service was so inconsistent ! they refused to give me my money back ! dont go ! ! ! horrible customer service ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed the trail ride with bernie . we were a family of 3 and did a private trail ride . it was all that i wished it to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "organization is lacking . put a credit card on to book reservation and they charged me on it and did n't use my groupon and now are not responding to me . we literally were on the street 92 % of the ride , walking on the horses the whole time . it was all bullshi honestly . our tour guide was super nice though : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars is n't enough for the amazing experience and ride we had ! ! ! ! bought it through livingsocial without any problems , we got an amazing deal for an amazing ride . the staff are super friendly and our guide ayla was amazing ! ! ! the horses are very friendly and gave us a ride i 'll never forget , ca n't wait to come back and visit again . i highly recommend experiencing vegas horseback riding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! very friendly people ! the horses were great ! i recommend it 's an experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not even going to book a ride . for my 50th birthday my daughter bought a livingsocial voucher , 90 minute ride for 2 , but when i try to book a time to ride they are asking for credit card info and are tacking on extra fees per rider . and the voucher pushes gratuity in addition to the fees . so , we are going to get credit for the voucher and not even go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just surprised my girlfriend and went on a ride at 4pm wednesday ! i do n't get the bad reviews tommy our guide was great . she texted me the day before and after to tell me our exact meeting spot which was easy to find and was there waiting when we pulled up . the process was easy sign the waiver get on your horse and go ! the horses followed hers so you do n't have to do much ( it was my first time on a horse so i was nervous ) the prices were great too ! would go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a fun trail ride with ayla last week ! everything wen so smoothly and the horses were lovely ! would definitely like to go back asap ! thanks las vegas trail riding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted them regarding the amazon special ... they said they would offer the price without purchasing it thru amazon . i made a reservation , had an email back confirming it , then never heard from them again ! ! ! i emailed three times the week before my reservation to confirm , and also left a voicemail . no response ... .and therefore no traiil ride ! ! i had booked it to take people who were in town visiting . i will never trust this place again ... i would not recommend buying their coupon . so disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wanted to go here during our trip to vegas this christmas . confirmed by email that they would be giving rides around christmas . then bought the living social , filled out the booking request form on their website , then ... nothing ! no confirmation . after several unanswered emails , i called living social for a refund . turns out , the business had already marked my voucher as 'redeemed ' even though i have not yet been to las vegas . note : it is their policy to not answer phone calls return messages . in my case , apparently , it 's their policy to not respond to emails either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! the tour guide was thorough and informative and interacting with the horses and seeing their different personalities was priceless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time . i would definitely do this again ! our tour guide was awesome ! i completely recommend this to anyone thinking of wanting to go horseback riding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love how the horses are well mannered and groomed , the guides are very friendly . but i feel like the rides are always cut short ... and not always exactly an hour and a half like it says .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would like to tbank those who leave reviews for business . reading the reviews made my decision making a lot eaiser . when you arrive do n't be discouraged . the horses were calm , friendly . the ride was slow and steady and the view was priceless . when if i go back , i must do again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like others i should have read the reviews . they never say that there is a fee for rebooking even when they ask to rebook . they 're unprofessional . the people there are friendly but they have charged over 200 $ on my credit card for charges that should n't have been charged and i try to get in contact to ask what 's all the fees for and they say to look in their page and read what the fees are . nobody should pay 200 $ in fees when they already paid to ride a 90 minute ride up a pavement trail . they are a scam . i would not recommend going to this place . sucky trail . up pavement and around a little hill and back on pavement . they are a scam .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they got my vin number incorrect so when they tried to give me my car they said it was 100 % totaled . i was like , oh hell no , i walked out of my car and it was 100 % ok. told them that i was going to get a lawyer and that i wanted my stuff out of my car at least . after a few minutes they said that they fucked up and gave me my car finally . they did n't offer any apologizes and just said that i should have checked the paperwork 's first time . lady , you never told me to check the paperwork to make sure it was the correct car . you just told me to sign . do your job right the first time and then there will be no issues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my car was in a accident and towed to this location while i was taken to the hospital . after released from hospital i went to pick up the car when i found that had extra damage not caused by the accident . they denied that it was n't them causing that damage and i told them that cut battery cables was n't caused by the accident . then they charged me all these excess fees and my car was there less than 6 hours . service was also very poorly . stay away from this business if you can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a joke of a business . their phone number they provide is disconnected because they are `` moving '' around but i doubt they pay their phone bill . the insurance company had no way of getting in touch with them . if you get in an accident and the police choose the towing company , make sure to never choose sunrise .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter has been attending 3 years . we love the staff and the facility . ms kristy is awesome and i 'm continually impressed with how much my daughter learns from her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only reason i give this a 1 star is because i can not give it zero stars . the owner , kristy is very unprofessional . she constantly goes through teachers and most seem to lack any real dance experience and or teaching experience . she also openly told me she does not like teaching seniors and would prefer not to . well good riddance ! my daughter learned nothing at this studio nor was there any competitions or real performances as promised . their idea of a performance was 1 dance in front of the studio for the public . they had one other at an outdoor mall . the studio is tiny and unlikely to grow due to the owner 's attitude and her very unprofessional staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great and fun studio ! kristy is great with the kids and has so many years of teaching experience . she is definitely the best instructor around . the location is perfect and easy to find . everything is always organized , including recital , which are always fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent range to try out you firearms . barry , the range manager is a true gentleman . he gave us all the attention we needed and helped out with everything from targets to professional information . the rates are n't bad either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't review every store i walk into , but the service here deserves a comment . i was very impressed with the gentleman that i took care of me concerning an issue i was having with my glock pistol . he went over some possible issues that could be causing the problem , both with the user ( me ) and the firearm . then replaced a part that looked like it might be an issue for free . all the staff i encountered in my brief visit where very polite , i even got 2 `` has someone helped you yet '' questions while waiting 3 minutes for the gentleman that specialized in my firearm to assist me . leo or not , this is place to go for your firearm related needs ... i live about 35-40 minutes away and would still travel out to atwell 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks are the real deal , serving the profession . if you are not an officer they still treat you right with advice and a smile . great range in back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't able to check out the store but the range was awesome . the range is located in the back of the building . the guy running the desk was really nice . he was super friendly and answered all my questions . the prices were very reasonable . there was a guy in the range to show you how to use the track . they basically left you alone after that . i really enjoyed this range . it was nice to support a local business . very mom and pop feel to it . liked giving them my money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son and i came to play mini golf here . i had seen that they had recently done some renovations and i wanted to come check it out . unfortunately i paid nine dollars for my son and i to play the most boring miniature golf course ever . this course is completely unimaginative and dull from the very start . my son loves to play miniature golf and by the 11th hole he was already asking if we could go home . i was completely underwhelmed . save your money and go to sunset golf in south park . much better course .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i rarely give anything five stars . that being said . .. they 've done some fabulous renovations here ! the driving range is two levels with credit card self serve for bucket fills or cash at the small pro shop . the clubhouse is spacious with outdoor seating overlooking the driving range . there is a bar & seating on the lower level as well . the menu is basic but delicious & well prepared . the staff is friendly & welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thought the mini golf would be remodeled with the new owners ... well new turf and a few rocks is all that has changed since the 80 's ... . hitting a bucket of balls and do n't have your own club anywhere else loans you one no questions asked cool springs wants a credit card or 30 dollar deposit for the same banged up clubs they had 15 years ago and if you ding it you do n't get your deposit back . ice cream nope not open on a friday evening at 7 pm . prices so so cheaper at other ranges ... food i have n't personally tried but have been told that they had a military and retired military discount but do not give it anymore ... . the guy in the mini golf driving range hut is a club nazi ... ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool springs was a great place for mini golf 20+ years ago . they sacrificed quality and thrill of the game for `` looks '' . each hole is outlined in bricks so bank shots are worthless . there are finishing touches missing on tunnels so any efforts for skill shots are pointless and your ball can get stuck under boulders . they might be trying to pass off a polished look but there 's still so much lacking here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the layout of the miniature golf course however you can not play bank shots because all of the holes are bordered in brick if you try to bank anything it hits the corner of a brick which makes the ball bounce anywhere and that just makes the game no fun to me because you ca n't play your banks property", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here during vacation for a fun game of mini golf . we were not disappointmented . my husband , who golfs regularly , enjoys mini gold as do i . who does n't ? often times we end up going to mini golf locations with cheesy props and themes . granted sometimes these are fun to play in , but it is also nice to have and adult-oriented mini golf location . well , this was it ! no goofy props , just gorgeously landscaped grounds with a calming atmosphere . there were plenty of benches available for us to sit and enjoy the scenery and take breaks . the grounds were immaculately kept and clean . we really enjoyed our mini golf match and really wish we had a place like this in maryland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really love the driving range , when you go inside its hard to find anything and the staff is more than unhelpful . the staff is rude and slow . never tried the food yet , plan to take the food to go when i do try the food . the driving range is really nice , the construction is a bit annoying . looking forward to winter to see how the range is . they have two levels for the driving range . that is the only thing i recommend is the range .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place if you want to golf . their food is delicious but their drinks are overpriced and weak . staff is mediocre at best . live music selections are absolutely terrible . i 've left on multiple occasions because the musicians are always so loud and offensive that i ca n't hear my boyfriend talking right next to me . last saturday there was a guy playing who ruined our evening as he picked songs so depressing it ruined the happy mood of our saturday date night . i keep trying to give this place a chance but every time i leave wondering why i ever went back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cool springs is a beautiful complex and everything looks good and renovated . the mini golf course is however boring . there is no fun obstacles to it , only rocks , bumby turf and little ramps . compared to other mini golf courses , it 's just very bland . the man running the center where you pay for mini golf and get the clubs and balls was very unfriendly and seemed annoyed we were coming when we did . at the end of our game , we went back in to return our clubs and the balls and we wanted to buy a drink ... ..the guy told us he already closed down the registers . i do n't think that was very good business , especially when we were n't even the last people to be playing , there were still people behind us . i would however come back to cool springs , it 's something to do , close to home and late at night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool springs is newly renovated and has become a great place to hang out . there 's now a giant indoor sports complex , mini golf , putting green , multilevel driving range , ice cream shop and restaurant ! there is tons for the family to do plus the restaurant has really good food . there is outdoor seating and fire pits which create the perfect atmosphere to relax and enjoy a drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the facility is huge but with that the prices are high . the mini golf was $ 9 for a subpar course . it has no flow , there 's no real challenge in deflecting the ball to get around things . under rocks and hit a high carpet which throws the ball completely out of whack . the design compared to a lot of courses is bad . my wife became bored with the course and essentially gave up . save your money and golf elsewhere , it 's not worth $ 9 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after a really terrible experience with a mall chain , i was terrified of anyone in the jewelry business . on a whim , i ended up going into aaron lelah , and within minutes i found something perfect ! nancy helped me and she was awesome . she was really patient with me as i hopped all over the place looking at different pieces , and she did n't try to force me into looking at things above my price range like many other places seem to . while i was looking , aaron lelah came over and introduced himself and told me about their warranty plan and trade-up program . overall , i was thrilled with my experience , and i will continue to recommend them to everybody i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this place for any of your alteration needs . they have done an amazing job on all my suits that i have brought in . the service is friendly and the staff seems pretty knowledgeable about just about everything pertaining to alterations . they do not not take credit cards , only cash and debit i believe ( possibly checks , i ca n't remember but honestly , why are you still paying by check ? ) if you need something altered i ca n't imagine you finding a better place in the valley then alterations inc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a rip-off . $ 95 to take in 3 pairs of pants in the waist and butt . the only reason i had it done was because i needed the pants . i have never paid more than $ 20 per pants to have the waist and butt taken in and the seamstress i had before i moved here was impeccable.. not only that , but it took 2 weeks to get it done . i am still on the lookout for a reasonable alterations person . i will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just went there to have my bridesmaids dress altered . after being there for 45 minutes -- they were nice and helpful . so i decided to go for it . they quoted me $ 170 to alter it . let that sink in . i only paid $ 120 for the dress , and told her that . she just stared at me and asked what i wanted to do -- i mean they were giving me $ 10 off ! ! i said i could n't pay that , as i teared up . she took out all the pins , handed it back to me and said `` there you go '' . do n't ever go here . wish i would have read the reviews ahead of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go to this place ! horrible customer service . made me feel like i was a bother . she could n't give me a straight answer on when my dress would be done . i will never go back to this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "whether i buy my clothes in ohio , phoenix , new york , or los angeles i 've never managed to find a suit that fits me off the rack - 6'2 '' , 42r , with a 32 '' waist and 33 '' inseam just is n't something that designers tailor to these days - and as such it is important to me to have a good alterations company nearby - something i found with the ladies at alterations inc. like most skilled trades , whether it be mechanical or electronic or ( in this case ) fabric there is certainly a `` get what you pay for '' aspect and although prices here are a bit higher than average they did a great job with both an old pair of jeans that needed a repair and an etro suit whose pant legs required finishing . friendly and helpful but with variable hours you 're best off calling ahead but once you get your clothing in their hands you can rest assured the results will be good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointed . paid what was in my opinion too much to get a simple 2x3 '' patch sewed onto a knapsack . no problem though , i accepted the quote so fine . but when i picked it up it was off-center ! i mean seriously . this was about the simplest job a professional seamstress could do , and they did it wrong ! what 's more , they had the gall to begin to deny that it even was off-center . as if it was n't clear enough visually , i was forced to prove it with a tape measure . it was only then that they offered to redo it . so now i have twice as many pinholes in my knapsack but at least the patch i wanted on there does n't look lopsided . i really do n't know if i 'd trust them to do something more expensive or more risky ( for example , involving cutting ) . i 'd be looking elsewhere for my next sewing task , big or small .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude rude rude . when a customer approaches your counter , especially when that customer has called in advance , the correct thing to do would be to say how may i help you , or `` hello '' at the very least ! the lady simply stared at me and raised her drawn on eyebrows without speaking a word . a facial expression implying `` what do you want '' . the two women seemed annoyed with everyone in there . honestly they probably are annoyed because if you need anything at all done aside from a simple pant leg hem , they likely can not do it . while they were deciding amongst themselves whether or not they would do my garment i had gone outside and made an appointment with another business . if their customer service is any indication of their tangible work i would n't let them alter a costume for my dog let alone myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to get my bridesmaid 's dress altered quite a lot ( and quickly ! ) due to the shop back home ( bad measurements & customer service with shipping it out in a timely fashion ) . they did a great job taking it in and hemming it . i was able to dance the night away in a strapless dress and not worry about it falling down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . the lady who helped me was very rude . she would not listen . i know how i like my jeans hemmed . she was argumentative . with so many other places to go do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a pleasant experience here . i took two skirts in to get hemmed and a pair of slacks that needed some buttons sewn on . i was greeted as soon as i walked in . the seamstress that assisted me was courteous . she did mention they only take cash and that they preferred the balance paid up front . i only had half of the money needed but they said i could pay the rest when i came back to pick up my clothes . my alterations took one week and i was pleased with the work that was done . the pricing was reasonable . i will absolutely use them again in the future for alterations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have used this place a few times . they have always been able to work the miracles i need ! very reasonable prices and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought several shirts and pants into here to get some buttons replaced 7 total i think . would have done it myself but everytime i try it never holds . they are reasonably priced $ 1 for ones with spare buttons and $ 3 for new buttons . the workmanship was good and $ 17 was cheaper than what any one garment would have cost me to replace . i did n't need them in a rush so it was nice to just drop them off and pick up when it was easy for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hope my review makes them go up a star.. the ladies there are nice , but not there to kiss your ass- they are there to get the job done . they did an amazing job on my wedding dress ! they were able to make it one size bigger when i was n't sure if it could be done . they also replaced the belt with a new one that i had purchased . when i went to pick it up , i noticed a jewel missing from the belt ( it could easily happen ) , but they fixed it right away and were super nice about it . i will go back here in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would n't take my car anywhere else ! ! ! heath is the best and so sweet : ) thanks tallmadge collision , you have never let me down", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taken my vehicle to tcc twice and i 'd take my car back to them every time . i got an estimate for my repairs at several other locations and tcc 's estimate beat or was equal to their competitors . because they do a fabulous job , have an excellent work ethic , and take a genuine personal interest in the customer i can trust my car with tcc . both times i entrusted my car for repairs to tcc it was returned looking like new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had heard great things about this place , but since my gto was dented and scratched on the back i thought i 'd use them . from the welcoming smile of the receptionist to the estimators to the up to date status of my car , i could n't have been treated better . hats off to a great staff and operation here . i would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a repair shop . and to add icing on the cake , they cleaned my car inside and out before i came to pick it up . prices are right in the ballpark of everyone else in the area . they 'll treat you right and will be coming back if ever i 'm in need again ... and will tell all my friends and family as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service and great manners ! i was tempted to try their service the first time because of great reviews even though i had a slightly lower quote from elsewhere . i was totally bought in immediately . unfortunately , i had two accidents ( none my fault ) in couple of weeks . in both cases i worked with derek and was very satisfied . but , i can tell everybody in the center is polite and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came for dim sum in the morning , they were busy but not that busy . the owner did not ask us how many and did not seat us , yet they seated the table behind us . selection was very limited , food quality was not the best . ladies pushing the carts were not nice and very ignorant . no one smiled one bit although we were very polite . everyone seemed pissed off and grouchy . will not come again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "parents only wanted chinese food..and it was late..of all the asian restaurants we been to ... this is my least favorite..food was expensive and it was only mediocre..we got the walnut shrimp ... a hot pot..and a couple veggie dishes ... ..i think there are better chinese in the area", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of subway ! after today i 'm a huger fan ! my friend and i went on our lunch break ! alex ( the manager ) was in the trenches helping with the lunch rush ! he made the most amazing sandwich i 've ever had from subway ( and that 's alot ) with great recommendations for my sandwich . i always get the rotisserie chicken and he requested some extras ( oregano , onions and bell peppers ... which i 'm not a fan of any of it . ) but then toasted it like it was saut\u00e9ed ! he also had some great recommendations for my friend ! thanks alex !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shop is larger then the usual subway with a more open feel . service was excellent and food was prepared to order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to give a big shout out to my local subway restaurant ! i wish i had paid attention to the names of the two guys working ... of course the sandwiches were delicious as usual . but today , my walking buddycherie and my 90lb german shepherd decided to walk to subway for lunch . well , they have no outdoor seating at this location , so we thought we would just take turns outside with koda ( my dog ) and maybe eat as we walked . no -- one of the guys offered to physically move a table and chairs outside so that we could sit outside with the dog . they even gave me a container of drinking water for koda ! amazing customer service guys ! ! kudos ! ! it was such a nice treat ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the best service at a subway in my whole life . alex the manager had a super positive attitude , was customer orientated , and was making us laugh the whole way through the line . this is definitely the type of manager i would hire to keep customers coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far one of the cleanest , best subways i 've been to . stopped by for a quick sub after work and it was a great experience . the team was happy and bread was fresh . it 's obvious the manager eddie takes great pride in this location . this will be a regular stop every time i 'm in the area - super easy to get to . try the new lays chip flavors too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "workers are always cheery ... never had any problems , except once . the young man only put on one glove after handling money and touched my sandwich while wrapping it . not cool . this is my go to subway though ... i still go back . they are quick and do a good job . if you like bread more soft then overcooked , this is your place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's clean now ! a few years ago , i decided not to come here , because it smelled weird , they said it was the bread , but i just could n't get past it . all good now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very very slow service . if you are in a for quick lunch , please avoid this location . i think they should add more people and make the service fast . other than that , it 's great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was happy to see this location as i was pulling away from the wells fargo bank at ray and rural . needed to grab a quick , healthy lunch to take back to work , and was planning to stop by another subway that i would pass on the way . hooray for convenience ! my immediate thought upon entering was that it was very clean and cozy . it seemed smaller than most subway shops i 've been to , but it was nice . i interacted with two employees who were very friendly and helpful . no issues with my sweet onion chicken teriyaki sandwich , everything was good . will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent customer service , steve was friendly and professional . he made sure i knew exactly what the process would be like and was very thorough in helping us get rid of our scorpion problem , have n't seen one since !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had an excellent experience with this company . my son found a couple of small insects in his room . a friend told me to check it out because it may be a bed bug ! i was completely freaked out and spent the entire night researching this disgusting things and companies to deal with it . this company offered a free inspection so i set one up immediately . steve walker was extremely busy that day but made time to inspect my home at 8:30pm . he was informative and completely thorough . luckily it was just a scare and we did n't have them . he knew how worried i was and could have easily taken full advantage of this . he was so honest and professional and put my mind at ease . i highly recommend going here first for any extermination needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and value . they did an overall treatment and helped take care of an ant problem in our kitchen . ants were gone the next day . would definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used bluesky for years and got tired of them not showing up when agreed and not providing the service requested . i thought that i did n't have a choice and that all pest control businesses were the same . and then i found xtermin ... night and day difference . prompt , courteous and thorough service . i wish i had found xtermin sooner . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great prices , and very thorough in their work ! they came out quickly and really assessed our need . i highly recommend them for any pest control need !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve is always very thorough , professional and friendly , and quick to resolve any concerns and answer my questions . i really feel as though xtermin goes the extra mile to make sure we are pleased and i 'm grateful to have them do our pest control service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happy we switched to xtermin . have n't seen any bugs , and having all the web 's swept off our house was a bonus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used a few pest control companies , but the thorough care and professionalism that xtermin took to ensure my satisfaction is superb . they even eliminated my pesky scorpion issues !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walnut shrimp to die for ! whether you dine in , order to go , or have delivery , the rainbow location gets it right every time . the staff is very friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh- so many chinese takeout places in vegas , this one is n't the best . lemon chicken has a hefty amount of meat ( looked like three pieces pounded out , fried , and sliced ) but the lemon sauce was n't that great , did n't pack as much of a lemony punch as usual . won ton soup had a ton of meat also , but the won tons were falling apart . soup was packed with meat , veggies , and soggy won ton wrappers . also ordered a milk tea boba . not sure if it was overcooked or old , but boba was falling apart . tea was fine , but ended up tossing the drink . good value for the prices , i guess ? but quality is lacking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we just got our food here to go . this place is ok . they pack the shizzzles out of our food for what price we paid for . i 'd come back here but there are other places i know i can still try . this place only has a few reviews and i thought i 'd help out other yelpers before they come here . but it 's not as good as i thought it would be . decent chinese food for a great price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this establishment is garbage . the food does n't taste good , the noodles taste like cardboard . save your money and your calories .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "boba tea here is really good and their plates are always big and delicious , when i need my asian food fix this is the 1rst place that pops into my mind : ) thr best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean . everytime i visit , there is always someone cleaning the dining area . love the lunch deals , the food is great and the portions are awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chicken wings , mongolian beef and kung pow hands down . mind you i love spicy food . i always order the food extra spicy and they comply with my requests perfectly . while i wait they offered me a free soda . and they have always greeted me with a smile . not to mention they are clean and quick ! they do charge a little bit more for their entrees than other places , but it 's well worth it for the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does n't matter what you order , best food ever , hands down ! great staff too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered to go and they were super friendly ! they gave me a cup so i could have a drink while i was waiting . once i picked up my order , the guy at the counter let me know that they even included some complimentary chinese donuts in there ! the donuts were delicious and so is their walnut shrimp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was so good . closest mac salad i could find to my grandmas too . sad it 's not there anymore , really wanted to take my boyfriend . : - (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always eat here but today my food was cold n the chicken was hard n dry . was not happy didnt finish . $ 40 waisted", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place looked a bit messy and unclean . took quite sometime to get our `` to go '' order regardless of two people behind 2 cash registers . the menu offers regular chinese dishes . nothing out of the ordinary . we ordered only combination fried rice for 2 because we felt that something was wrong with the meals . my companion is a very relax and easy going person that can eat literally anything , however he suggested first to get only the fried rice orders because he perceived not a good vibe with the entire restaurant . the food was edible , rice somehow overcooked . portions very less than acceptable and we felt it was overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amaizing service .i received my order in 20 min and the food was great . i ve been ordering from this location for the past year and i have no complaint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after trying countless chinese food places in the las vegas area , and being disappointed , i stumbled across this one . i love it . i ca n't say that i 've sampled a lot of their menu but honestly they have the best chicken teriyaki i 've ever had . i 've dined in before and the dining area is nice and clean with pretty decor . their prices are very reasonable for good chinese food , their lunch specials end at like 3 , & the lunch menu has a lot of variety . visit this place and you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just enjoyed an excellent new year 's eve lunch ! we dined in ; the service was great ; our order was served promptly , & came out of the kitchen hot & just as we ordered . we had the lunch special , as well as hot & sour soup , & chicken lettuce wraps . we got some donuts @ in the house '' , & they were sinfully delicious ! we had plenty for a take-home box . i recommend this spot if you 're in the area , or need a break from shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we get takeout from here maybe once a month or two . everything we get is good . i really like the hot and sour soup ( no seafood ! ) i like that they have eggplant and tofu all the time . kung pao chicken is good and sometimes we get spring rolls . also , we always get those great little fried noodles that you have to eat with the plum sauce while they 're still warm . love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this location next to our house it 's great service and the food is consistently good never changes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad food not bad service . i enjoy their honesty when they are out of something . boba tea is to die for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! i go at least once a week ! i always get the string bean chicken , egg rolls and the crab rangoons ! the service here is friendly and you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy for the tummy . great price , great food and great service . always busy . hot and sour soup great for a rainy day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from nj and i was scared to try a chinese restaurant out here but china a go go is awesome ! service is great as well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for the lunch special $ 6 and change . comes with rice , noodles and one entree . it was really good lots of flavor . very friendly staff and clean . they even gave my daughter fried donut while we waited , really nice of them . will come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give it more star 's but really all i get is the house fried rice ( any combination ) . since pik up stixs left they 're the best and their teriyaki bowl , better than teriyaki madness and cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found this gem when i had first moved to vegas and was without a stove , turns out , it 's my favorite local chinese restaurant ! i always order the chicken and broccoli and egg drop soup . the staff is so nice and friendly , i was impressed . the restaurant itself is a bit small but i usually do n't go during regular lunch or dinner rushes , so i can always find a seat . i have not ordered delivery from china a go go but , looking at reviews , they seem to be great at delivering !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place hit the spot . my girlfriend and i do n't cook often so we usually try to find good take out places . this place is really close to our place and the food is great . we ordered two lunch specials and i 'm impressed with the quality and quantity they give you . i ordered the kung pao chicken and my gf ordered broccoli with beef.there is enough to have left overs . i recommend it to anyone who 's looking for some good chinese food . i 'll be back to try out some of their other entrees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mixed emotions . we ordered the orange chicken and sweet and sour they were alright but the fried rice was tasted kind of old . the noodles that came as a side not my favorite probably would n't order that again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we received a flyer in the mail and decided to order in with this one because of the chinese japanese fusion and the multitude of creative yet reliable dinner choices . i have to say that the food was excellent for delivery and the price . the spicy tuna and the kung pao chicken was a bit too spicy , but nothing i ca n't alter for future orders . i will definitely be ordering from here pretty much every time i am too tired to cook . thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people at this establishment are rude . their customer service skills are horrible . i called top order food and had forgotten the name of one of the things i always order so i asked the guy and he made a ride comment about if i order it all the time i should know the name and then would n't let me speak to a manager or tell me his name . i will be taking my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean , food 's great , employees are really nice & you ca n't beat their lunch special.been going here for years", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an addict ! i 've ordered 3 times for delivery in the past 2 weeks ! the food is always fresh and great ! ! ! ! love love love ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! every single time it 's great ! every time ! ! ! ! ! try the teriyaki chicken ! or the walnut shrimp ! or anything there ! so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food from here is always fresh and tastes great . just got food delivered and it 's exactly what i ordered . this place does not disappoint . very friendly staff , great place to eat in or get delivery . love their food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "uh my food was an hour and 20 minutes late that resulted in cold food . also they forgot to bring my soup i truly needed with this hang over i have over here and also no soy sauce . my ice was melted and my soda taste horrible . also paid more for extra meat and well it looked like it would normally be , no extra meat . but , all in all it was n't that bad but i 'm sticking to my other place ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super fast delivery every time . reasonably priced and every time we order they offer us a side of egg rolls or crab rangoons for free . one of the only chinese restaurants my husband will order from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "continuing on the quest of finding good chinese food in las vegas we tried this place . not much aesthetically , but clean bathrooms and good food . all the workers seem to be authentic asians and you can taste that in their dishes . i had a vegetarian chow mein and my husband had hunan . both good choices . servings seem more of family style portions . we 'll be returning : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't tried a lot on the menu because i ca n't get past the two things that i have to order every time ... the lettuce wraps and the go go wings . i get the wings super spicy ... have never been disappointed both items are on point !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "better than panda express . servers are friendly : ) will come back again for a quick lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a simple enough place , americanized chinese style dishes . that said , i 've tasted worse . i tend to order pickup and they 've yet to get an order wrong , which is pretty rare . now it 's possible that 's because i order through eat24 where it 's all written down . the prices are fair for the portions and the service is what one would expect . keeping in mind that most people only choose to post when they love or hate something i 'm trying to give a fair middle of the road review for this restaurant . im a vegetarian so i 'm always thankful that they can swap out the chicken for tofu when requested without added charge . so yeah , middle of the road .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 're very friendly neighborhood-like ... and as a transgender female , they treat me nicely even respectfully calling me ma'am or miss unlike other places calling me 'sir ' - gag . the gas at 7-11 southland comes exclusively from america and not opec , nor any terrorist-supported groups , like 75 % you purchase . also , their food and drink machines are constantly kept clean . no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a pay at the pump . if i wanted to come in and see the sales associate to pay for gas , i would go someplace else . and i did . you just lost my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slurpee , that 's where it is at . i still find myself coming in here and getting them even if it 's pure sugar , it reminds me of the good ol ' days !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst experience i have ever had renting an apartment . mckinley seems good at first -- friendly leasing staff , redecorated office , etc . however , the completely incompetent management , old and crappy apartments , and ghetto neighbors make this an unsafe and horrible place to live . i do n't even know what my rent money goes towards -- maintenance is nonexistent , and there is really high turnover among the management staff . do yourself a favor and do n't rent from this awful company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in harbor beach apartments in orlando , fl . i cant find a corporate # for them ! i need to speak to upper management . if u know a # or way to get ahold of them . please email me at katytheavonlady @ gmail.com . they have been ripping out old & beautiful oak trees & ones that grew together to form a canopy for the walkway . hacking at bushes & reducing beautiful bushes to sparse sticks w no leaves . they have no respect for nature or the birds & animals that depend on them . it is so sad . it has made me cry on more than 1 occasion . i live in harbor beach on lake fredrika . there is this really nice walkway right by the lake & they installed 2 doggy waste stations . there have been no bags for at least 3 weeks now . so walking by the relaxing lake u dont know if you 'll hit a land mine . i really wish they would make stocking these bags a priority .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mckinley is a nice family place to live . recently some bad neighbors may have moved in , but they have n't caused much trouble . the roads are pretty icey all the time , but maintenance is very good . i would rent here again , though it is a little pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never received worse customer service in my life . three different staff members on three different occasions were all extremely rude and spoke over me . the bagels are incredibly over-priced . over $ 6 for cream cheese and vegetables . i 've learned my lesson . wo n't be ordering from here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not very efficient for a place that is literally inside a commuter station where 100 % of the customers are in a rush .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited this morning , wanted to buy my team at work a nice treat for a job well done . they refused to sell a dozen bagels to me this morning because they were concerned that there might not be enough for other customers . i could see that there were at least 100 bagels in the bins . terrible customer service . happy to spend my money buying a dozen muffins next door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great place for a quick breakfast for go train riders . the restaurant is hidden in the corner of union station right beside the go transit ticket booths ( beside second cup ) . the staff are friendly and move with military precision . you get in and out in minutes regardless how long the line might be . they sell about 10 - 15 types of bagels . warning - the bagels are good but do n't expect true `` montreal '' style bagels . they easily have 20 or more types of cream cheese for your bagel . i normally get a toasted pumpernickel bagel with cheddar cheese and no butter . you can get multiple cheeses , blt and various meats and salmon . price is also good for downtown core - a bagel & cheese and coffee is about $ 4 . also much healthier than other fast food choices in union station . they appear to be open every day as i stop by when i 'm working weekends . i find if you show up later in the day , bagel choices become limited , so arrive early . bk", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new location in the path but same address . not sure if it 's the same owners as before , but this is the worst bagel stop i 've been too . they burn everything ( do not spend extra for a cheese bagel , it 's so burnt you wo n't taste it ) . even when asked to lightly toast it the outside is burnt . also , even though there 's no line they rush you to make a decision . the layout dictates that you pick your bagel , but you have to go around the corner to see topping options , but they want you to know at the time your order the bagel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "enjoyed an amazing all dressed bagel blt with smoked lox cream cheese . it 's taking all my might and power not to go back for another ! ! saved klondike chili and the toasted cheese bagel with roasted red pepper cream cheese to eat later in my train ride . this bagel stop is a lovely addition to the union station food centre and very well organized . ..great idea : ) 1 star off for a tiny bit of language barriers . update : yeah i just realized they gave me two blt sandwiches lol so the language barrier is real . should have paid better attention to them making the food . oh well , i guess i ended up with that second sandwich after all ! be careful what you wish for ? update : chili - two thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the location of this panera , it 's always filled with the most interesting people . great baked goods , the bagels are pretty amazing , i get the multigrain or the whole wheat . great coffee , awesome dark roasts . a bit expensive , but much healthier than micky d 's and wendy 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what 's up with all the bad reviews here . i have nothing to complain about and the food here is as good as at other paneras .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped in here for lunch the other day and was fairly underwhelmed . the food was n't terrible , but the price to quality ratio was quite high and the food overall was uninspiring . also , i was n't asked what side i wanted with my sandwich and was just given a bag of chips ... oh well . the baked goods and breakfasts looked pretty good , and i 've enjoyed this in the past , but as far as the lunch goes i do n't plan on going back anytime soon as much more innovative options can be had in the area for the same price or less .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a good , large panera with a lot of space . vine is a little too chill here for my preferences , but it is quiet and very workable . regarding that , they have a separate large area for working that includes a conf room with glass doors . good to know if that 's what you 're looking for ... i had the chicken caesar salad and it was good , but kind of lacking of chicken meat and caesar dressing . most of the bakery products i 've had at panera are excellent . p.s . sign up for their rewards program , you 'll have a free coffee and pastry in no time . if you use the app , it 's easier to manage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy expensive food batman . my boyfriend has been encouraging me to eat at panera bread for years . i am the kind of gal who likes to spend $ 3.75 on lunch if i can get away with it and panera just always seemed so pretentious to me . when i think of panera bread i think of au bon pain expenivse as hell for no reason . i had a black bean soup and a hunk of bread grand total $ 9.00 me thinks not !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my black bean soup had a small stone in it . fortunately i caught it before destroying a tooth . my wife 's sandwich had a whole sheet of deli paper inside the turkey , layered right into that sandwich . for pete 's sake ... we got a full refund , but this team is disturbingly sloppy . nothing wrong with the taste though , if you get something that 's actually done right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've used them quite often for breakfast catering at work . it 's always a disappointment . i 've had empty coffee containers delivered , they 're always late , they 've lost orders ( today 's order specifically ) . i have a meeting starting shortly and i wo n't have anything ready when our guests arrive . this is the last order i 'll be placing from panera . update : order just arrived and was wrong ; only got half of what i ordered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last sunday , at around 9 am , i got 6 ribbon bagels at the fox chapel location , they were puffy and sliced evenly . they had additional trays ready to go in the racks . today i was at the shadyside location . i could only get 5 ribbon bagels and the gentleman who waited on me said he would have to make more . ( this is your special bagel this month and obviously popular , why would n't you have enough ready at this early in the day ) . when i got home i found that these were smaller than the ones i got at fox chapel and they were very unevenly sliced , actually a piece of one of them was missing . there was no one behind me in line so why could n't a little more care been taken in slicing the bagels . also , i had a free item coming to me and he forgot to take it off my bill , luckily i caught it . obviously this site is n't up to standards . i will go to fox chapel even though it is out of my way", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service is always slow here . no matter if it is during peak hours or completely dead . the food is not to panera 's standard and is constantly luke warm . thankfully they have a microwave for me to warm up soup that should be hot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another average branch in a very busy area of shadyside on baum . the quality of the food is still good , the staff are nice , but i did notice that the restaurant is not as kept as the location in oakland . there were dirty and disheveled tables , overflowing trashcans , and the floor was littered with food crumbs and napkins . they should have at least one employee designated for the upkeep of the dining area , as with the oakland branch . i stopped in around 3:30 in the afternoon at a very unbusy time , so there was no reason why the dining area would n't look its best . nevertheless , i would still stop in again sometime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't experience problems when i came to this location on a sunday afternoon . despite being pretty packed , they managed to crank out my order ( frontega chicken ) pretty quickly without blunders . just like any panera bread , it 's just a tad expensive for what they offer , but it 's good enough . nothing wrong with the location either ( it 's not shady ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst panera ever . really dirty . staff very unfriendly . not the panera you see on tv advertisements", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't ask carol to help with anything but complain to you in front of your face . awful customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so far , i 've only had positive experiences at this panera . their fuji apple chicken salad is better than most other panera locations ... their baked goods , however , leave something to be desired . why would you put chocolate sprinkles on a chocolate croissant ? it 's not a doughnut ! anyhow , i do like how low-key this location is ... the one by waterfront is way too crowded and hectic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm at this panera bread everyday ! matter of fact , i 'm waiting for it to open right now at 6:30am . most of the employees & managers know my favorite fuji apple salad , no chx , sub avocado . as a non-pitt & non-cmu student , this is my favorite location to do school work because the majority of the students are hogging the oakland panera bread wifi . if you are an online student as well , this is a less crowded panera and you sure will find an open outlet without any hassle . i highly recommend the fuji apple chx salad , no chx , substitute avocado along with panera 's fresh brewed hazelnut coffee . -amberlee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid lunch delivered in minutes . med chicken flatbread and greek salad . iced tea . polite if impersonal service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "your average panera but one thing this place has that you would not expect in an urban location is a free parking lot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this panera is awe-some.when i first found out that there was a panera bread near my girlfriend 's house i thought `` great , a place to get some of my favorite coffee without cutting into my retirement savings portfolio . '' then it dawned on me that i was going to be able to get some of my favorite coffee without having to let someone else pour it for me . a lightbulb went off when i then after my previous realizations , figured out that i would be able to mix half dark roast and half hazelnut for a coffee that i have named `` the kev '' only negative feedback is that pbread is overcharging for cream cheese .it is insane . love pbread .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's panera so expect to experience the corporate panera vibe . the store was tidy and clean and the staff friendly . i was needing some food and coffee after a long night and they were close . after my disaster with ritters diner ( filthy place ) and growing weary of the starbucks i headed down . the breakfast sandwich was ok and although asking for one pump of mocha , i watched as they disregarded my request and put several pumps of syrup into my drink . other than that , no surprises here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work nearby so i go to this panera for lunch as a last resort . i only get soup and bakery items . i refuse to pay $ 11 for wilted lettuce or one slice of turkey on a tiny sandwich . the quality is terrible . the service is usually ok . but i was once waited on by a manager who did n't speak to me . not even to tell me my total . but he was very nice to the girl behind me . i have n't seen him lately , hopefully he got fired . three stars for the soup and bakery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . it 's okay . i got the pick two with 1 2 of a tomato and mozzarella panini and the new cream of mushroom soup with a lemonade . i looove mushrooms but this soup is not good . totally unimpressed . the panini was decent . ..same as always . i remember their food being waaay better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tuna has a nice taste and i guess that is what panera is into these days . i recall a time when tuna actually abounded from my sandwich : spilling on to the plate . now however , my sandwich had at most a teaspoon of tuna on each half of sandwich . i actually had to use a spoon to scrape it off one side in to the other i was in disbelief . oh no the price did not go down in fact it 's way up about 40 % . yet i get 90 % less tuna", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a decent panera , but not one of my favorites in pittsburgh . try the one at the waterfront instead . nothing really wrong with this one except the location borders on sketchy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stoped at this restaurant to get a chicken salad sandwich to go . i frequent panera bread when i am on the road as they are consistent in quality . what separates them is the staff . when i picked up my sandwich i placed the pager on the counter and stepped away with an ice tea in on hand and my sandwich bag in the other . the millennial behind the counter says , `` the pager goes in the basket '' . the pager is equidistant between us . i hold up my hands to say , `` my hands are full could you help ? '' he just glanced at the basket . i put the sandwich down and tossed the pager in the basket . customer service at this store has its limits .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a great breakfast here this morning ! when we went in there was a line , so the manager opened up a fill to speed up the line right away . the staff was friendly and smiling . the seating area was clean . there was more than enough seats , and the parking lot had more than enough spots . the food was fresh , and our caramel latte was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my friend were here yesterday aug 10th around 11am and we think its the cleanest panera we have ever been to just about spotless and the food was pretty good also just the cashier was rude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything was exactly as expected when i arrived . the place was pretty dead when i visited however ( i assume because of the incoming blizzard ) . i did not experience any of the issues the previous yelpers experienced . the music was at a perfect volume , the cashier was extremely polite , and my food came out perfect ! i would not hesitate to stop here if i 'm ever in pittsburgh again and i would n't be afraid to recommend it to someone else . keep at it panera !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arizona onocology tried there best but not good enough she passed oct 1 2010", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thanks az oncology for going above & beyond & always being available . dr borst really set mine & my mom 's concerns to rest . thanks az oncology .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the absolute worst staff i have had to deal with in all my experience . waited for over 2 hours in the waiting room ( i did have an appointment ) . took my business to palo verde .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great staff ! they always take time to talk to me and make sure all my questions are answered . i did a lot of research and i feel i chose very wisely . i highly recommend them if you ever need them . ( hopefully not )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. zhao has been treating my condition for almost a year now . she is very responsive and always return my calls and address my concerns in a timely fashion . i 'm grateful that my condition is so stable and i 'm able to enjoy time with family . thank you , arizona oncology ! thank you , dr. zhao !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this location for over a year , and talking about running behind schedule , 45 minutes is nothing compare from a write up at the location in scottsdale . for me it is 90 minutes , or more and the wait time , is longer than actually the visit ... i even ask them prior to the appointment , if i can call prior to my appointment time , to see if the dr 's are running late , since why stay there where i can be home , doing either things ... .answer , not possible ... ..of course , i did not agree to this , since this is not fair to the patients , who wait forever , i guess that is why we are called `` patients '' since one has to be very patient ... .there should be diffently a better system ! ... the only positive is i have a very good doctor , however the wait time , has to wise up", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr wingo saw me almost 2 years ago . i was impressed with her compassion and swift attention to me . a large mass was found on my ovary and she was able to schedule surgery the next day . she had to leave town the day after and another doctor did the hospital follow up , but she still was kind enough to call me from the airport personally to check on me . they do n't get any better than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to batting cages outdoors but figured we would try out mvp zone & hit some baseballs inside . we had reserved a time to go in but arrived a bit early ; they were more than happy to just let us in right when we got there . we 're not baseball players by any means , but we had just come in for a fun date night . the facility itself is nice . they have bats , helmets , etc . everything you need . we 'd definitely recommend this place if you want to practice or just date night like we did .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 5 year old son attended the 4 week beginner camp which focused on the fundamentals of catching , throwing and hitting . the camp was perfect for that player with a season or two of tee ball under their belt . the instruction for the young players was perfect ; got rid of some of the common bad habits and broke down the basics . as a dad , i was impressed with the fundamental breakdown and the clever drills the instructors had the players doing . this is definitely a building block for baseball and provided me with things to do in our backyard as well as sharing with other young players . heard a lot through word of mouth and finally enrolled in a class just in time for spring ball . the instructors were ron and chad and they were great with the kiddos ! ! ! kudos to ron for breaking everything down and making it simple for the kids . i ca n't say enough positive about this beginner class and how impressionable it was to the kiddos . great job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your hours start at 3 , your staff should there at 3 . staff rolls in at 3:15 , takes 10 minutes to log in to computer , super slow checking people in . i walked at 3:30 because i still had someone in front if me and had stuff to do . great facility but you guys need to step up your punctuality and customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mvp zone is a class act . not only are the facilities are great the instruction is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my 6 year old niece here for the batting cages . their pitching machines go as low as 35 mph and she batted for 30 min ( $ 20 ) . she had a blast . the employee that set everything up for us was attentive and kept coming by to make sure we were okay . the front desk woman was also extremely kind . she said kids of all ages go there and they have camps for the summer . my niece had a blast and we will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son and i went in on his birthday and the owners kid was working . he was very friendly got us signed up quickly and because it was my sons birthday he let him have an extra 10 minutes or so and even gave him some pointers . we enjoyed the place , prices are good , facility is clean and nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cashier is such an idiot . unfortunately she looks just as forgettable as her name . during a quiet day in the store i brought a pair of jeans up to cash and asked for a price check as it was a sale item . the cashier just reluctantly looks down at the obvious , glaring pink sale tag and reads the price out to me ! how could she not know what a price check is ? anyway , i asked her to double check , on the system - and ta-da , the price on the system turned out to be different ( more ) , an error that she would then be able to rectify for whoever decided to buy them in the future . which she probably did n't ... because she 's lazy af !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was shopping at square one with the guy and we were hoping to find a suitable suit for our wedding this august . topshop , or topman rather , was the first stop through a string of menswear stores and we were wowed with the style aspect but the cherry on top was the more than helpful sales associate , pan , who went above and beyond getting us off to a great start . i was really pleased with how we were treated and it just made the whole experience much more enjoyable . we ended up spending almost $ 500 , and leaving with three outfits and good vibes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big shopper myself but occasionally i would check out stores to see what 's trending . my go to stores normally is topshop topman . it must 've been my lucky day since a lot of their clothing were on sale . they have great clearance rack for the ones that does n't want to spend much on clothes . the choices were nice and way cheaper than expected . i 'm glad that they have come to the square one location since now they are only steps away for a fashion upgrade . ps : the slim option is perfect for the skinny body type .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ill have to agree with the positive reviews of this place . it is really good . now to add ; stay away from the salads , as these guys think that a salad is meant to be marinated in olive oil and no lemon or vinegar , upon asking for vinegar i got some cheesy kraft dinner greek dressing , horrific ( at $ 7 bucks a salad i was a bit taken back ) . my buddies burger looked epic and my gyro was really damn good . the proprietors of this place are straight up greek , ie : really no people skills what so ever , they should be back of the house guys and there should be somebody a bit more service oriented minding the front , but hey whatcha gon na do . i will return to try a burger once a week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normally i enjoy this place but tried placing an order and guy on phone was rude . felt like whatever question you asked was just beneath him or he just did n't have the time . next time i ordered they were out of a lot of items and still crappy service . not sure how they are surviving there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for take-out one weeknight . i ordered a chicken souvlaki in a pita and `` greek '' fries . the pita was rather small and very bland . the greek fries were barely fried ( they were white and floppy - no sexual jokes please ) . this meal took more than 20 minutes . service was pleasant - no complaints there . i probably wo n't return . ca n't imagine waiting this long for an unsatisfying meal . with 18 % tip , it cost me $ 18.00", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was awesome ! quick delivery , great salad with the best greek dressing i 've had in ages . great delivery service ... ca n't recommend enough . had the greek salad with chicken", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would have given it one star but the food is amazing . unfortunately there are new owners and they 've raised the already ridiculously high prices . food is phenomenal but not worth the money . 6 $ for a chicken skewer which has 4 pieces of chicken . prices on their website are incorrect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i called ahead and said i needed a professional haircut and a beard trim . i explained i did n't want to lose too much length , as i love my beard , but understand that some was necessary . the little asian lady gave me an amazing trim . lost almost no beard length , but looks extremely amazing . easily a sixty dollar haircut and beard trim . but it 's only a third that . i 'm not even going to try any other barbers in the area . extremely happy with the results and price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once and it was n't a great experience . i took my boy in for a hair cut just before school started . i asked for a one on the sides and the back up to the crown . although it was cut correctly , the issue was the hair cut was uneven and their were parts of the back of his head where the hair was longer than a one . i should have inspected it before we left but i honestly did n't think you could mess up a `` one '' . i saw it when i got him home and then just evened it up myself . one bonus ... they are open on sundays .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new to the area.. had to get a haircut and i hate getting new barbers but jimmy was great highly recommend this place ! ! will go back again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after recently moving to n. phoenix from the southern valley , i needed a new barber shop . i found this place , and am glad i did . i have gone to barbers in oregon , new york , chicago , florida , etc. , and this shop stacks up with the best of them . prices are more than affordable ( around $ 16 for a haircut , razor line up , and shoulder massage ) , and they give an excellent haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here since i was a little kid . jimmy has cut my hair every 2 months for the last 15 years ... good at what he does . shampoo , hair cut , quick back massage for $ 16 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer here and thanks to yelp , i wo n't be going anywhere else ! zev trimmed my beard and lined up the sides including my head . excellent job . i did n't even tell him what i was really looking for and he said to just `` trust me . '' well i could n't be happier , especially with the addition of the hot shaving cream and the neck massage , both of which i have never been offered elsewhere . will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just go ! place is amazing . a lot of barbers claim to be a new york barber shop . this is the real deal . and they 're open until 4 in sunday 's . the shave and a haircut is amazing . still uses the straight razor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best haircut i have had in phoenix in the past 9 years . no joke . see vee , she is awesome and has incredible attention to detail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zev has been cutting my hair since 2004 and i 've never had a bad haircut or even a mediocre haircut it is always great t. other barbers in the shop have cut my hair when zev is out of town or on his day off but the customer service nor the quality has deviated ... it is always top notch no matter who you pick . just make sure to bring some cash with you because they did not accept credit cards , other than that it is by far my favorite shop in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this shop for over 15 years . 1st barber was jimmy ( still there ) 2nd barber was frankie ( retired ) now have good looking bella as my barber . the shop is extra clean , neat and very friendly . if they do n't have the service you want i do n't know who does . they do it all and do it right . price is right also . keep up the good work gang !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were blown away by the service and workmanship from greenheart ! they completed a backyard remodel for us , on-time and on-budget . the craftsmanship was second to none , and there was never a complaint when we asked for changes . i would recommend them without reservation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from day one , greenheart landscapes walked us through the process on every facet of the project . the owner was very professional , knowledgeable , and was a pleasure to work with ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irene was professional and communicated well throughout the entire project -- from quote to completion . her crew was professional and respectful , and they did great work transforming my back yard from a disaster into a beautiful place for me to relax and host dinner parties . i 've been referring greenheart to my neighbors for the past year , and will continue to do so . thank you for making my yard beautiful , irene !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greenheart landscapes was very responsive from the start and all the way through our front and backyard remodel . we love our new yard , and are very pleased with the end product . irene and her crew were very professional and did very good work . we were very happy with the paver install ( 2'x2 ' ) and the artificial turf . we also thought they had very competitive pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "green hearts landscapers did a tremendous job with my back yard . they will always do work for me..i highly recommend them..thank you so much..irene was fantastic..5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irene and her crew were fantastic ! they were very courteous and professional . very helpful in plant selection and placement . i would highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long over due , andrea is wonderful ! i have had both my makeup and eyelashes done by her , and i 'm excited to say i 'll be seeing her soon for a facial ^_^ i love how she really takes her time with your service , and it 's easy to see that she enjoys what she does . she is so sweet and personable ... it is a bit of a drive for me to see her because i live so far , but her service makes it so worth it ! i wo n't trust anyone else with my lashes , come see her and i 'm sure you 'll become a loyal customer just like me . stay fabulous ladies ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was never one much for artificial lashes or wearing much makeup , but once i tried the lashes , i was hooked ! andrea does a wonderful job and really takes her time with the application . the lashes last a long time and you can tell it 's quality work ! the best part about it , if you 're not one for a lot of makeup , the lashes make you look like you 're wearing mascara and you do n't even have to ! her facials are also great ! she 's got a great technique and picks the best products ! i highly recommend artistry perfected by andrea and all of her services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used andi for my wedding . on your wedding day you want everything to be perfect , thanks to andi my makeup was . she made me look like the best version of myself . everyone told me how glowing and beautiful i looked that day . do yourself a favor and book andi for any event you might have . she is professional and a true artist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well done ! removed candle wax from my work uniform-saving me tons of $", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter took piano lessons with cathleen . she loved her ! cathleen is very sweet and patient , which was the perfect match for my daughter . we are moving out-of-state so sadly our lessons have ended . we would most definitely continue business here if we were staying . their prices are very reasonable considering how many options you have . if she were to tire out of the piano lessons we would be able enroll her into violin lessons . they also offer voice lessons and many other instruments . we highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . i started my son ( 6 ) in guitar lessons with alex . he 's fantastic . my son does n't like playing sports and usually likes to just sit around and play on his ipad but when he started taking lessons with alex , hes now interested in picking up the guitar and doing something else at home . then i started my daughter ( 5 ) in piano two weeks ago and shes been really enjoying that . and finally , i signed my dad up for their adult group piano lessons at family learning center where they have this 8 week special for 79.95 . i 've got the entire family here and it been great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the whole staff here is dynamite ! they helped me square away a cello that i did not purchase there . we replaced the fine tuners and picked out new strings . they told me about a few things i needed to look after on this instrument . the gent quickly placed my fine tuners on , on a busy day and even gave me a 10 % discount while ringing me up . all-in-all i 'm a fan and will absolutely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family music is a wonderful store , the prices are great , and the employees are awesome ! ! ! ! ! had a very bad experience with another music store and was referred here which was very worth it ! ! ! ! ! family music is awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! could n't praise them more if i tried ! ! ! ! ! thank you family music for all your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . came in to get an acoustic guitar string replaced and also get it tuned . they were fast , friendly and helpful . got it all done in less than 10 minutes . i would highly recommend family music centers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in and told the gentleman what i needed . repair took a minute to fix and i was out the door . they were very thorough in telling me what to do once the instrument was put back together . customer service was awesome ! price was reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was growing tired of the regular stores in the area so i decided to give the new stein mart a whirl . the store is well-organized and clean . they have plenty of stock and prices are decent for the quality of product . i 'll likely be back for more shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this store several times now . always interesting to walk around but ithink it 's like ross or marshalls you just have to `` hit it on the right day '' . so far nothing compelling or any great deals but since its in the same shopping center as several other stores that are fun , why not drop in ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great products , lots of sales , store always looks clean , i keep on coming back because i always feel better than when i came in . this last time i had a return and lauren helped me , she was super friendly and great customer service , even though i did n't have my receipt when i came in , she went out of her way to help me . ive had different people each time and the experience is the same ! kudos to the manager ! ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice selection and helpful employees . love that many holiday items are already out ! lots of designery stuff that the 35 plus crowd should love ! you can get a bright skirt , lingerie and new wine glasses all at a decent price . store was spotless and it just opened september 26 . should not turn into the hot mess that is many ross and or marshalls stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible cashier 's on a friday afternoon . one in a st patrick 's outfit is shooting the breeze with a store manager that 's getting off shift and buying personal items . a line backing up and both are clueless . second cashier selling to an associate getting off shift and decides she wants stuffed animals . walks off and cashier snaps at a customer for asking what 's the deal . other patrons start to speak up and they finally call for a back up cashier ... . its a culture like this that will kill thus company if it 's allowed to spread .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in line to pay for one item . i waited while the customer ahead of me applied for credit and was denied , used a credit card and was denied , used another credit card and was finally able to pay for his purchase . in the middle of this , the manager walked up and stood by the cashier . neither of them acknowledged me . when i finally got to the register , i said i thought i had to wait a long time to check out and did n't understand why the manager or someone else could n't have stepped in to help since this customer was taking so long to check out . they just looked at me and rang up my purchase . neither the cashier nor the manager apologized for the wait or said anything besides `` have a nice day '' . i wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this store . they have really good quality products . the are so friendly and nice . i can always find something at this location ! from sheets to bedspreads etc . what i like you can find everything to match ... i will definitely will be going back here ... love , love , love this place ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the worst meal i have ever had . i ordered an old fashioned , which did not taste anything like any drink i have ever had . my wife ordered a dry martini which tasted of lemon liqueur and definitely had no vodka in it . steak frites was absolutely crap , over cooked and a horrible cut . salad nicolas definitely had canned tuna in it . even the fries were terrible . salmon tartare was edible . escargot had more cheese on it than a cup of onion soup . server could not secure the wine i ordered . brought a bad pinot noir from usa , i reiterated my order , he sought it , nope , ordered a different one , nope , brought back the american pinot , we drank it , than he tried to charge us for the most expensive bottle they had to offer . all that it to say , this was the worst meal i have ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just awful ! ! ! avoid this place at all cost . the food was horrible . the margarita pizza , which was supposed to have tomatoes and fresh mozzarella was in fact a burned cheese pizza with no toppings . this place seems like a temporary joint run by teenagers young adults who are trying to make easy money on tourists who fall for the nice location of this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "aneesh joseph is truly one of the best massage therapists out there ... besides being so experienced and professional , he truly cares about his clients , and seeks to individualize your treatments ... several years ago i moved to toronto from western canada , and began to look for a massage therapist . i tried a number of different clinics , and did not have a great experience in most of them ... i came across aneesh joseph , and after the first treatment , i knew that he was a massage therapist that would be consistent , professional and caring . i highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aneesh joseph is an amazing massage therapist . i am not someone who ever `` enjoyed ' going for massages , but realized that i needed to start for therapeutic reasons . aneesh established a treatment regime for me and made me come to appreciate the benefits of massage . i have been going to him for one year now and will continue with his treatment strategy on an ongoing basis . he is professional and friendly and i would highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "therapy one is a clean and professional massage centre . aneesh joseph is one of the best therapist there . things i like about aneesh as a therapist : he cares , he has strong hands , good control of applying pressure and a keen sense of pressure points . when i asked him why he does n't use his elbows he replied , `` i rarely use my elbows because i like to feel the muscle response . i can not wait until my next session . i recommend therapy one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm seven months pregnant and have lower back pain , so i decided to try a pregnancy massage with jonathan lim . after three sessions my back pain has lessen quite a bit ! he is great . i 've been to various massage places but never really found a therapist that i liked enough to keep going to . i plan on going to see jonathan every week for the next 8 weeks until i give birth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! love this spot ! i ordered take out to try it out and it was surprisingly delicious . the chicken tikka masala was cooked to perfection . i 'm got it hot and it was very spicy , which was perfect for me . the garlic & butter naan is a must to try . i definitely will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love indian food and even more so when it 's fresh and tasty and interesting . go beyond the boring curries and you 've caught me . and so when i stepped into chaupaati and inhaled the sent , i knew that i 'd found a good spot . bummer that it was only me and that i could order a bunch of stuff to share . so i just ordered a aloo tikka chaat , spicy . and spicy it was . loaded with heat , onions , chick peas , chopped tomato and somewhere under there , potato . i cleared the plate . and if there were n't other people in the restaurant at the time , i 'd have picked it up and licked the plate too . very tasty , not expensive . yummy indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst service for the premium price . there is no service fastfood but they need 5 star price . quantity of curry and biriyani is very less compared to their competitors . the store is a dubba wala and behave as taj . if you really want to dine there are better place avoid this over priced crap for highly priced chat chat is $ 6+ its highly priced u can buy all chat items readymade nowadays from indian grocery . good lesson learnt", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing special ; average ambience average food average service ; average taste . we had pani puri which was n't good ; gobi manchurian 7 10 ; vada pav 4-5 10 . do n't think would go again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent food , nothing much to talk about . we ordered some indo-chinese & tandoor items and they were just ok-ok. wo n't go order again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they were great . it 's an indian deli , really . just what we needed on a sunday afternoon . interior 's minimalist homespun kitsch . menu 's very street with some americany favorites too . very fresh taste , kind service , and worth the money you should know going in that it 's order up front , bus-your-own-table , and tipping will be extra optional . i 100 % did n't mind , but i was n't there when the restaurant 's full", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a casual dining experience without fancy table clothes and waitresses . this works out great and makes it more fun for the kids . the chicken momos are little nepalese chicken dumplings served with a homemade tomato onion sauce . i recommend these . the indian snack plates are crunchy , healthy , fresh , and unique here in charlotte . the owners are friendly , informative , and encouraging .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , i 'm here again for the second time this week ! i ca n't get enough . this time i ordered the chicken biryani and some samosas . this is better that the food i had in delhi ! super friendly counter service and amazing indian food that wo n't break the bank . i ca n't get enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "par below expectations ..food is being served right from the refrigerator ..not sure how many days old it was ... it does n't lives up up to the expectations ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice place for vegetarians . love the appetizers and chat options . multiple options for vegetarians . very friendly staff and thrive to give you the beat food experience . kudos ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nestled in a strip mall next to bi-lo grocery store off hwy 51 and i-485 . my first time eating indian food - man , was it good ! i went with coworkers who were more seasoned , so they steered me towards chicken korma ( chicken in a spiced cream sauce over rice ) . we also sampled mendu vada ( lentil doughnuts ) and gobi paratha ( paratha bread stuffed with spiced cauliflower ) . everything was delicious . the service was fast and friendly . i would highly recommend this place and ca n't wait to go back and try something new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food ... if you are a foodie and love snacking try this out ! i tried the lunch menu twice and loved it both times ... price is reasonable.. some items can be a little less $ .. but the quality of food is great ! ca n't wait to go back ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always fresh and cooked to order . some of the best indian food i have had in the charlotte area . service from all employees pleasant and friendly . if you are a fan of india2 cuisine give ot a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food ! ! i came here and ordered a gujarati thali , chole bhatturre , chicken vandaloo . everything was at par excellence", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gobi manchurian was on the menu , so i excepted balls of cabbage . instead , i got cauliflower . when i went back to say i excepted something else , they looked at me like i was dumb . manchurian is n't just supposed to be cauliflower with seasoning . disappointed with their service . besides that , we ordered chat papdi which was pretty nice . just would like better service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not only is the food delicious the staff is the nicest group of people you will meet . if you are n't familiar with indian food or are bringing someone who is hesitant ; go here ! they explain their dishes , will accomodate your requests and in general make their guests feel happy to be there . i ca n't say enough good things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new indian food restaurant in charlotte is blast . moved here from england was missing this kind of restaurant for long time . found one now one place to stop whenever in town now . keep good work and wish y all the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went again ti give this place a second try . went on a saturday , there were only a couple tables occupied amd still had to wait close to 20 minutes to get the food ( only two items ordered ) . was n't too impressed with the chilli chicken and samosa chaat . conclusion : not good enough to bring me back , others may like it . went to this place on a rainy saturday night . we started off with alu tikki chaat which was great . i was expecting the entrees to be great as well but was sadly disappointed . the prices for entrees were too high compared to the place being a self serve spot . the makhni daal was an utter disappointment , shai paneer was just okay . the masala chai was a waste of money and mango lassi was too sweet . i am alarmed we ended up paying 54 $ for the not so tasty , heavy , acid reflux giving food . pretty sure , i wo n't be back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'd give this place six stars if i could . i , the most snobbiest indian foodie who is not from india , absolutely loved the grub here . zafran kebab house is pretty darn good too but man this place rocked . the garlic naan was fantastic . the kebabs were good , hell even the damn white rice was slamming . the assorted pakora gets two thumbs up for me . so does the service . but the sixth star goes to the lamb chetinad . so damn good i wish we had just ordered seconds of that instead of going to see that horrible madea does halloween movie or whatever it 's called . i 'll be exploring more of the goodies on their menu -- my taste buds insist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ive been coming here since it opened and havent been disappointed . truth be told : i order the same few things every time i go . the samosa chaat is by far the tastiest thing on the menu and best value ( can easily feed 2 as a meal ) . i also like the papdi chaat , the gobi manchurian , and the bullet naan . bullet naan is spicy in a really good way ! and mango lassi is cooling to counter the spicy naan : ) . definitely one of my favorite spots in mecklenburg county .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious . helpful staff with ordering . family style and able to change the heat level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . great service ! goat curry ! you do n't find that at many indian restaurants . they specialize in chaat . definitely a go to place when i 'm in charlotte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never been to this place before so we did n't know what to expect . it turns out this is one of the best indian places around . we tried several dishes and everything was amazing . definitely recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love authentic indian cuisine ! got mine extra spicy and my nose is red and running . love it . samosa chat was the best ever ! saag paneer was oh so good . my sister had chicken tikka masala and it was very good . best i 've had since leaving md . enjoyable indian music too . what a great lunch ! ! ! you order at the counter and your food is brought to you in a serving bowl . only complaint is - you go and get your eating and serving utensils , napkins and plates . when you are done , you even bus your own table ! be careful before you decide on your tip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat , yummy food and friendly service , love to go here with my kids . my daughter and i usually order the veg thali and my son loves the shahi paneer . they also have different types of chaat which is amazing , overall great place to go for quick yummy food ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best indian food in charlotte bar none ! i come here at least once a week and would n't dream of breaking naan anywhere else in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food . slightly expensive for the concept ( it 's not a full service restaurant , but rather an `` order at the front '' type of place ) , but the management is very responsive and friendly . we had the lamb rogan josh , chicken tikka masala , and garlic naan ; the garlic naan was the best i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent gobi and chole . planning on lunch again later this week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the most authentic and delicious indian restaurants in charlotte . the owner makes you feel like you are welcomed into his own family 's table . i love the casual and friendly atmosphere . the food is out of this world . this restaurant is a true find ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd give it a 3.5 if that were possible . the food was good , not knock your socks off . we sampled papdi chaat , chicken tikka masala , and chicken saag ( kindly made for me as it 's not on the menu ) . i prefer more spice than each of these had ( ordered medium ) and less acidity in saag . but as leftovers , there was a nice little kick . the service was good , especially for casual dining . you order at the register , choose from canned bottled drinks , and food is served on regular plates at the table . this is n't upscale dining for a special occasion . but if you want good indian , good service and to support a small business , give it a whirl . there is plenty of parking , located near bi-lo at the intersection of park rd extension and 51 ( pineville matthews rd ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum . we went here on a whim and we will be back . prices are extremely reasonable . i should have branched out more as the people around me had amazing looking food , but i had no idea what most of it was . waits for the food were long , but it was late on a saturday night and the place was packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . this is my new favorite indian restaurant . we were looking for a new indian restaurant tonight and struck gold . you order at the counter , pay and the food is brought out to you . get your own silverware and water and this cuts back on the expense ( tip ) not that i cared , but a plus . the food : the best ! we had mulligatawny soup , naan bread , papadams , and this kick butt starter called somoza chaat . as if this was n't enough , we split a vegetable biryani- wise because by now we were stuffed . medium vegetable biryani was super spicy but the lovely yogurt offset it a bit . place was packed . fantastic ! ! ! ! ! ! super nice staff owners as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant was highly recommended to us and we have been a regular at this place . the chicken tikka is really tasty and the saag paneer has the perfect consistency . the gobi manchurian and chilly chicken are great adaptations of chinese foods to the indian culinary . best place in town for an authentic food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited the place twice and ordered different types of dishes . the first time it was chat which was excellent and the next time was a horrible experience . i ordered mendu vada from the menu and what i get is stale vada from maybe afternoon and i had to talk to them and have it taken back and ordered gobi which was not great either . the veg noodles were not up to mark . either the service and the quality reduced between my two visits or something else was wrong . i am not going back to this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stellar food , and an extremely friendly team running this restaurant . food is great for sharing . the lentil soup was by far the best soup i 've ever had . love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best indian in charlotte ! service is outstanding and everything we ordered was excellent . a ca n't miss spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food . this was the most authentic indian food we ever had in charlotte they even beetle leaf at the counter . we will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is simply amazing ! not at all to the standards of america- no ! it 's to the standard of india ! yes- this place kicks butt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i ate here last night after looking at bridesmaids dresses at mecklenburg bridal gallery . the food was really good but even better than that , the manager was really nice to us and helped us pick out what to eat . he seemed to genuinely care whether we were happy or not and make sure we were enjoying it . will definitely come back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hands down the best indian food in charlotte . the samosa chat is amazing and you will crave it . the service is always friendly and helpful . do not miss this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious in one word ! be ready to be all self service including busing your own table though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used to love this place but today the taste and the service was completely disappointing . we wud never like to visit this place again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! excellent customer service and food . we love this place ! ! the curry cauliflower appetizer is incredible . you ca n't go wrong with anything here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most authentic indian food my wife and i have had in charlotte . the lamb vindaloo was fantastic and the staff was beyond friendly . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pav bhaji was especially good ! there were a lot of options with a variety of food . my family and i liked it a lot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a take out place ... but good setting to sit and eat also . good variety of food and spicy ... only downside is pricey for the quantity they serve", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is like indian street food place . lot of options like southern south north indian fast food . it was my first time so had panipuri and samosa chat and food was `` yummy '' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best indian food in charlotte ! it 's a casual and family owned restaurant with reasonable price . they are not timid with their spice . all the dishes are very fragrant and tasty . i usually ordered saag paneer , lamb biryani , chicken tikka , gobi manchuria and butter nan . if you 're craving for indian food , chaupati is best place to satisfy your craving", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is excellent indian food at a reasonable price . we tried a little bit of everything and liked it all . the samosas are outstanding . our naan was slightly over toasted but it had a strong garlic flavor . you do have to bus your own table but it makes really good indian food affordable then i am in . i would definitely go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is not bad but i did n't like the service . do n't think will go back . masala chai was a letdown , being indian restaurant , probably need lesson on that . starbucks chai latte taste much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "something south charlotte has needed . a mix between sit down and fast food indian food with a diverse menu . been there a couple of times , service and food has been excellent . place is new , hopefully it stays this way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably one of our favorite indian restaurants in charlotte . we do n't usually stray too far from our usual chicken tikka masala , chicken korma , or chicken vindaloo ; but they are all solid options and have yet to disappoint . definitely add an order of garlic naan ... or two !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and awesome service ! i will be back here the next time i 'm in charlotte . i had the chicken tiki masala and garlic naan . the lassies are also a nice treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the search has ended . chaupaati , of all of the indian resturants in charlotte , is by far the best non-americanized indian food in charlotte . the menu is extensive and if you like spicy you will not be disappointed . the service is also terrific . the staff are all more than helpful and wo n't look at you crazy if you mispronounce a name or two . bishal , thank you for taking the time and recommending dishes that fit our pallet . even though the location is a solid 20 minute drive from my home , the trip is well worth it . if you looking for authentic non traditional indian food , i highly recommend checking this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great find off pineville matthews road ! casual indian spot with great flavors and many interesting dishes . we were in the area and looking for a snack and had the padpi chaat , dahi vada ( lentil balls in yogurt sauce ) and the gobi paratha ( bread with cauliflower ) . the spice level was just as requested . we 're looking forward to getting back and trying more ( the dosas looked fantastic ) . the menu includes many indian dishes you do n't see at other restaurants . our only minor criticism was we wish the padpi chaat had more potatoes and less of the crunchy crackers . you order at a counter and they bring your food to a table . the staff was quite friendly and checked in with us to make sure we were enjoying everything . very reasonably priced - especially considering the portion sizes . they also have beer and wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we 're traveling the east coast states and found ourselves in charlotte at dinner time . opened yelp and found this place . wow the food is marvelous , reasonable , and the staff truly welcoming . the baigan bartha , an eggplant , tomato , onion dish was the best i 've had and we 've been to india ! it was complex , nutty and mildly spiced . great pakora vegetable mix as appetizer . love the casual atmosphere , lots of families as well as adult groups and very diverse set of patrons . wish we lived here ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i went here for dinner tonight . i was highly impressed ! ! the service was great . everyone was especially helpful at getting us a table . they were extremely busy , but they were on top everything . the food was amazing and the naan was great . they had so many different entree choices that i had a hard time choosing , but i think that is a good thing . i ended up with the paneer tiki marsala . i was super happy with the choice . if you are in the mood for some great indian this is the place to go ! i will be going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the same style of an indian restaurant . i should say this to be more of a food joint . we tried some samosa chaat , paneer manchurian and a lamb gravy . as per standard of indian restaurants , this was not bad . i should say at least i did not felt cheated ( as most indian restaurants do ) try out folks , you have options of street food as well as main course ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you need to get your car tint done , get it here.. they are professional and answer all your questions and at a very great price.. thank you denisse . we will be back soon to get my wife car tinted too.. by the way , i got my whole car tinted and love it.. eddie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great service ! i have always taken my cars to another place to have them tinted but never again . i got 5 star service for a steal . not only did i get exactly what i wanted for my new truck but i got it in amazing timing ! thank you 305 for hooking a girl up ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my windows tinted here today and am completely satisfied with the job they did ! i expected to spend at least 2 hours there and when i arrived , the owner told me 2 guys called in sick today . i had another appointment i had a tight timeline for and was afraid i would n't make it . not only did they complete my work satisfactorily , but i was 30 minutes early to my next appointment ! they were extremely friendly and helpful . i had no idea what tint i wanted so they showed me what various tints look like on an actual car : ) she offered me several options and was not pushy about up-selling me . she let me make my own decision and was not snotty or upset when i opted not to get the extra options she offered . would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to get tint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alex and his team are amazing . we called this morning to inquire further about the groupon special . alex not only said we could take our car in right then , but also offered an amazing price for darker tint without a groupon . tint looks so great , that we 'll be back next weekend to do my car too ! thanks again 305 kustoms , i will be telling everyone about your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its hard to find a auto detailing location that 's not pushy . i found 305 kustoms through yelp and recommendations on yelp talk . the owners are very friendly and it seems like they will give you the best deal ( backed up by good service ) . i got nevada legal 35 % tint on my new fiat 500 abarth . they had me out in less than an hour , the three guys worked like a formula 1 style pit stop crew , fast and meticulously . i 'd highly recommend this place to anyone interested in getting modifications done . i was also told that they will be moving to a different location . they will be located on russell and rainbow . overall experience was 5 5 . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome ! ! very friendly and easy to work with . i had alex install a whole new sound system in my week old 2014 mustang . they took special care of my car and i could n't be happier . alex even went out if his way to put his special touch on the install . thank you guys for a fantastic job . i would n't recommend anyone besides 305 kustoms . thank you to alex 's wife , denise . you guys make a great team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "305 kustoms tinted the windows on my new 2014 nissan only to find that one of the windows had a blemish that prevented placing the tint foil on the glass . so they had to remove the tint until nissan could replace the glass ( which nissan promptly did ) and then 305 kustoms redid the window . at no extra cost ! and it was a lotta extra hassle for them . now that 's service . they did a great job and went the extra mile for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job window tinting my new car for a fantastic price . the owners , alex and denise , were very straightforward on pricing . no bait and switch tactics here . let them know you would like the groupon price and pay them direct instead of purchasing the groupon . groupon takes a huge cut , so it really helps them out to pay direct . amber , the secretary was really friendly , and they even had a keurig in the waiting room . and a huge plus ... i could see them working on my car through a window in the waiting room . great job 305 kustoms !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company and the owners team are fantastic ! ! ! from the first call and car drop off to the pick up and walk thru , everything about my experience with this company was perfect ! denisse who manages appointments and the front desk is super sweet and incredibly knowledgeable . and alex , her husband and the main man , is equally as sweet , and he clearly takes his work very seriously . i got my lexus windows tinted - and the job was done perfectly . i also needed work done on my car stereo and needed new speakers put in - and now my stereo sounds fantastic - and the hands free phone sounds as clear as i 've ever heard one ! i can not recommend this team more ! thanks so much d & a ! ! ps : do not use groupon - just mention the discount , if there is one , to the owners - and they will take great care of you ! i read this on yelp - and now i need to keep the info flowing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best tint shop in vegas ! i got the front windows and strip done in my scion xb . alex and his wife are awesome and he always bends over backwards for me when send my friends down to him . i can see this place being in business for a long time . i ca n't wait to get some cash together to get my audio installed ... total boss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to get a quote , the quote was so great that i drove down there immediately . when i arrived they took my car right in . the work took less than 2 hrs and it was great work . they are very friendly and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just want to say my experience with 305 kustoms was very good , very fast and very conscientious of there workmanship . i would defiantly give them a thumbs up . pat clark", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best customer service in vegas ! ! ! alex & denisse are great . they took out my stereo system in my benz . reinstalled my amps , speakers & crossovers into my new bmw and tinted the windows . it was a total 5 star job all around . my system in my car has never sounded better . alex is a true expert when it come to installing . forgot to mention ... their prices are extremely reasonable . i will never bring my cars anywhere else . they are bringing a little sobe to the lv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are great and do great service ! they are moving to a new building soon i believe so they can fit in more cars and do more awesome work . great job on the tint and they honor the groupon right there so you do n't have to hassle with groupon ! highly recommend them to do tint on any vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "freaking great service and skill . after dealing with a few really disappointing car companies lately , alex at 305 kustoms is a breath of fresh air . i called him yesterday about installing some tail lights that needed some tricky wiring workarounds - brought it in today and he had me out of there in about 30 minutes with perfectly working lights . fantastic . he also had time to show me a few things on some other issues i wanted to get looked at . no rush - no attitude - just total pro , friendly and knowledgeable . i 'm extremely excited to have found such a reliable and friendly company and will be bringing my girlfriend 's new car here for her audio and security installs - and i 'll be recommending them to everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a dentist in the pittsburgh area and was recommended dr. joey troupe at polished dental . unlike many other dental practices i 've been to , polished dental was the least intimidating experience i 've had . they play hip music , the lobby is clean and warm , and the staff the friendliest i 've experienced . dr. joey thoroughly explains everything before proceeding and is never pushy . honestly , this was the best dental experience i have ever received . highly recommended if you are looking for a dentist in the pittsburgh area . especially if you are young and have n't been to a dentist for a while this place is perfect . i even had an awesome conversation with dr. joey about my favorite bands and authors . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had great experience at polished dental . the staff is very friendly and empathetic to timid patients . dr. troupe is very professional . not only does he take standard x-rays , but actual photographs of your teeth so you can see exactly what the issues are . he talks you through everything and communicates regularly through email . the office has a very nice atmosphere . they play good music ( no gop talk radio ramblings like my last place ) and they have a keurig in the waiting area ( perfect for early morning appointments ) . dr. troupe and his staff provide the best dentist experience one could hope for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have terrible anxiety about going to the dentist ; i really dread the dentist . however , that changed by switching to polished dental . i made a few visits to dr. troupe to address a complicated tooth issue . dr. troupe gave me all possible options and outcomes in an honest way . after an extraction and bone graft the site healed beautifully . the hygienists are just as nice and welcoming . i received emails to confirm my appointments and am always greeted with a smile . a place like this makes it 100 times better for a person with dentist anxiety to feel comfortable . the music played is a nice touch as with the selection of magazines and beverages . i plan on staying with polished dental and also completing an implant in the future . overall , great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a very pleasant experience at polished dental . i went for a check up and teeth cleaning . the dental hygienist was sweet but also thorough . the doctor took time to get to know me and my interests . he even sent me a thank you email after my last appointment and also to my boyfriend for referring me . i recommend this practice to anyone in the pittsburgh area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my anxiety over going to the dentist for the past 6+ years has now gone away . if you live in pittsburgh and especially work downtown , consider polished dental . the entire experience from making the reservation to walking out of my first appt . was just great . really appreciated everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was ( am ) terrified of the dentist : i do n't like the smells , the sounds of the instruments on my teeth ... pretty much none of it . after a 'vacation ' from the dentist 's office and switching cities , i searched online and read reviews of this practice . i 'm happy i chose here as my reintroduction to the dentist . the staff was pleasant and this is hands down , my best cleaning experience to date . kathleen was a darling , explained each step of the process as she did them and she did a great job . dr joey was also as cool as ever . thanks to all involved and i 'll see you in 6 months ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my wisdom teeth out 2 days ago and to be honest , was terrified when i was told that i would be awake the whole time . however , dr. troupe explained everything to me very clearly and checked up on me throughout the entire procedure . i did n't feel a thing and all 4 of my teeth were out in under an hour . once the numbness wore off that night , i had some pain ( which was to be expected ) ; however , i woke up basically pain-free and with minimal swelling . i was able to workout that morning and continue my day as i normally would . i am now two days out and just have the littlest bit of swelling left . i ca n't forget about the team up front as well . they always greet you by your first name and are a pleasure to work with . they offer you water and or coffee and really make you feel as comfortable as possible . i would not hesitate to recommend dr. troupe and the entire office to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first visit to polished dental for a routine cleaning and exam . dr. joey troupe and his staff create a very welcoming and relaxing environment . kathleen expertly cleaned and polished my teeth with such gentleness that i could have easily dozed off during the process ! i highly recommend polished dental for all of your dental needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a customer at polished dental for over a year now and i can attest to the professionalism and environment of the office . good music in the background , laid back , friendly staff across the board and an accommodating atmosphere . perfect spot for dental work during my lunch break .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dr. troupe for the first time several months ago when i first moved to pittsburgh for what i thought would be a minor repair . after his evaluation he found many things that my previous dentist had neglected in the past . after several more visits and working on getting my mouth up to par i could not be happier with the honesty and top notch work the staff offers . i have not had a worry or bit of anxiety about the dentist since going to dr. troupe . the staff is the friendliest in town and always go out of their way to make your experience the best it could be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had my teeth cleaned and gotten a filling from polished dental . on both occasions they were fantastic to deal with . in particular , the filling was as great an experience as it could have been . it was completely ( i mean completely ) painless and i was in and out of there in less than an hour . it 's now been 5 hours since the filling : the numbness has worn off , i 'm still pain-free , and the filling already feels like it 's been part of my mouth forever . i would recommend this office to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch ! dr. troupe and his staff are professional , thorough , personable and friendly . they are extremely informative and do a great job of answering questions . a great , downtown office location that is clean , comforting and easily accessible . always a pleasure . do n't hesitate to give these guys a shot . i 'd give additional stars if i could !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't stand by and have the dragon diss 'd . the chili chicken is amazing and the chicken pakoras are out of this world . totally unique . do n't go here expecting sweet and sour chicken balls and standard chinese fare . investigate the hakka menu and do n't wimp out . nice folks too ... got ta help them stay in business . i 'd weep if they were n't around . do it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this might not be a high class restaurant , but for cheap , tasty and greasy chinese food i ca n't name a better place in the city . the service is always great , whether it 's delivery , pickup or sit-down , and i 've yet to try something i do n't like here . i highly recommend the spicy hakka egg rolls , crispy ginger chicken , and chicken pakoras .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been the the dd two times now . both times the service has been wonderful . they have a delicious pakora and a their ginger chicken is delightful with a carmalized-like coating . however , if you are looking for a traditional chinese place , this is not what you are looking for . this food is indian chinese and is very different than what you might find at a typical chinese restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "danforth dragon has brought the fiery fusion of indian-chinese hakka cuisine ( a spicy take on traditional chinese food that includes the flavours of coriander , chilies and curry ) to diners in the pape & danforth area since 1999 . complete with the kitschy decor you 'd expect , the dragon creates a serene oasis for hakka food-seekers . i 've only ever ordered take-out , but regardless of time , day or night , there are always plenty of dine-in customers . overall , the dishes are full of flavour , especially if you like a little spicyness with your chinese food . personal favorites include the chicken pakoras ( succulent pieces of meat mixed with indian spices & delicately deep-fried ) , crispy ginger chicken ( small chicken bites lightly battered & fried , seasoned with stir-fried garlic , ginger and hot chili , if desired ) and the always delicious szechuan chow mein ( thick noodles stir fried with chicken , shrimp , shredded onions , carrots , cabbage , green onion & bean sprouts ) . danforth dragon is located at 861 danforth avenue ( @ danforth and jones ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place makes pretty delicious food . however , i find it to be pretty expensive and i get frustrated with the way they cut corners . if i 'm going to pay $ 17 for a take out meal , it should n't be lacking . i get take out here frequently and i hate how they skimp on things . in my meal last night i received no plum sauce ( ordered egg rolls spring rolls ) and one packet of hot sauce for a large dish that hot sauce is essential for . there was also long black hair all over my take out container , but not on the food thankfully . there were no fortune cookies . i 've ordered this exact meal before ( also before they raised the price ) and got all the sauces and the cookies . just a bit frustrating ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had been wanting to try danforth dragon since i moved into the area , walked by and was like : wtf is hakka food ! ! ? ? ! ! since then i had been intrigued . fast forward to almost 3 years later and accompanied willing participant to try it out with me ( the hubs would n't do it ... he 's all `` indian chop suey ? no ! '' . so with glistening eyes full of temptation and ready to be fulfilled with deliciousness i ordered a noodle dish and my friend ordered some sort of sweet and spicy meat and we dug in . whon whaaaaaaa . its chinese food . and not even good chinese food , just okay chinese food . i was expecting something a bit more spicy and indian inspired but i kinda just got a whole lot of china town in my mouth ( which on second thought could be kinda gross ... .hmm ) . perhaps the spices were running low in the kitchen ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the best hakka food i 've ever had . spicy , but not necessarily as flavourful as i was hoping . very salty . servers were nice . free ice cream dessert was a nice touch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bland bland bland . we ordered delivery and everything has no seasoning and we ordered stuff loaded with sauce and ingredients that should have taste . even the egg roll had a weird taste like old oil . only thing good was the steamed rice haha . next day i threw all the leftovers in a frying pan and made my own stir fry which tasted way better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've never been dissappointed with my meal here . our favourites include the shrimp pakoras , chili chicken ( spicy ) , ginger beef , sauteed green beans and the manchurian fish . hot , spicy and fresh . remember that it 's hakka food ( chinese indian ) , and not your typical chinese food . we always order a few dishes for the variety , then take the leftovers home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered from danforth dragon on the advice of a friend . amazing ! ! ! we had the ginger beef , chilli chicken , shrimp pakoras and mixed veg . everything was to die for ! ! excellent value , fantastic food , fast delivery and friendly service ! ! what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place gives the illusion that it will be good asian food . but that is were it ends . the food is mediocre at best verging on bad . while the restaurant is conveniently located at jones danforth , i would suggest to keep walking until you hit another restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to the dragon twice , and overall , it 's good . pluses : hakka cuisine , a blend of chinese-indian . the chili chicken was good , better the first time than the second time . friendly staff , service is quick . it 's right near donlands subway , a very good thing during winter . the taste does n't measure up to the other hakka places i 've eaten at ( federick 's and lin garden ) , but it 's not located in the middle of scarborough so i can live with this . minuses : the cheesy decor and the tricky steps to the bathroom . bottom line : it 's cheap , has generous portions and is obviously a fan of alliteration !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good chinese hakka take-out . if you are bored with canadian chinese food , this is a great place to branch out and add some hakka heat to the mix . they have an extensive menu with man canadian chinese traditional items . i 've tried and love the chicken pakoras , hakka fried rice , hakka vermicelli and hakka veggies . it 's chinese food with an indian flavour . i have no idea if this is one of the best hakka places as its my first and only so there is no frame of reference . delivery is fast and friendly . for $ 40- $ 50 you get enough food to feed 4-6 people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "interesting concept - i like the idea of this restaurant . the hakka noodles were bland - and definately not homemade as the menu claimed . the garlic pork rib was very bland - even though it came in a thick sauce . the chicken mars . was actually pretty good - a bit dry but tasty sauce . the lemon sauce on the chicken was watery . the veggie pakora was really odd - huge slab with a tiny tiny chutney - overall bland unfortunately . the 9 dollar green beans were just pathetic - seriously over-priced in a huge huge way - you get a small container with maybe 150 - 200 grams - the flavor of them was pretty good though . delivery was fast - really fast . they should slow down that a bit and focus on flavor and value .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "flavourless food.. fish manchurian tasteless and lacking in spice ... fried rice more like pulao .. food was cold too.. staff are friendly though !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! i 've been ordering from them for a few years now . great `` traditional '' canadian chinese food - with a great spin . most items will be very familiar to anybody who enjoys canadian chinese , yet with a certain uniqueness that makes this place just different enough to stand out from the usual run-of-the-mill fare most places offer . it 's not gourmet , nor is it meant to be . it 's simply great tasting comfort food . did i mention the huge portions ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was recommended by a friend for their spicy wings . we ordered those , steamed dumplings , a cantonese type chowmein and a manchurian fried rice . everything was flavorful , and fresh . will definitely order from them again , if only for those awesome spicy wings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never ate in but have done takeout several times . the service is fast and friendly . i imagine eating in would still be a pleasurable experience . i have tried several items on the menu and it ranged from ok to delicious i want to keep ordering this ! i am a meat loving eater but i actually found the vegetarian dishes in general better then the meat dishes . but overall , i enjoy the food and will keep going back and trying other dishes . i do have some favorite dishes such as the crispy ginger eggplant which is so yum . the deep fried vegetables balls are great too . i also like their hot sauce which you can buy in a jar for home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything we 've tried here is delicious . very fast and accommodating service . many dishes come with rice included and they always give us some ice cream for free as dessert . the fish masala appetizer is great as is the crispy ginger eggplant . reasonable prices . kid utensils , cups , high chairs , and booster seats . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars are for the crispy ginger eggplant ! ! this dish is soooo good- it will change your life . lightly breaded , fried eggplant in a sweet and spicy gingery sauce . get it . i live in the neighbourhood and come here often just to get this eggplant ( of course order other dishes too ) . noodle dishes are solid , pakoras are spicy , love the dragon chicken ( great cumin coriander flavour ) . waitress is nice too ! great place to order take out and bring across the street to only cafe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , and good portion sizes for what you pay . they are super fast , too . when i put in orders to pick up , they would be ready within 15 minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a go-to place for us . we order from here regularly and have yet to try something we have n't liked . we usually order items marked as `` hakka '' and have n't gone wrong . delivery is always super fast . my only complaint would be that they are n't open on sundays !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered the crispy ginger beef take-out for dinner . it came with a bowl of rice . it cost $ 12.99 . i was surprised by the large portion they packed for us . i felt that it was too crispy battered , but overall tasted alright . i would n't mind trying their other dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious food and excellent service at affordable prices . the pakoras are to die for , the crispy ginger chicken is out of this word and the chili chicken will have you crying with its spiciness while wondering why you just ca n't stop eating it - because it 's so damn good ! recommended for people who likes real chinese food and embrace indian food 's heat , you wo n't be disappointed . if you like your food bland or think chinese food is about sweet & sour chicken balls , skip it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this isnt a bad place to check out if you are in the danforth area and dont feel like traveling far . it was my first hakka experience . i went and got crispy pan friend noodles but they wernt and crispy as i liked . the menu wasa pretty extensive combo of indian and chinese food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i entered the mouth of the dragon full of anticipation but exited very disappointed . granted i only ordered the chilli chicken , but that 's the cornerstone of hakka cuisine . the chilli chicken tasted like deep fried chicken in tasteless brown sauce with some cut green chillies tossed in . it was pretty flavorless except for the spicy chillies . bah humbug ! chilli chicken should be a tad garlicky , a tad cumin-y , pepper-y , vinegar-y , onion-y and ergo easily delicious . it 's very , very easy to make . ca n't believe dd messed this up . dd if you ca n't add 1+1 , i shudder to think how you are doing multiplication and long division !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not sure if it was because we ordered delivery , but i was sorely disappointed ! i had such high hopes since this was my first time trying hakka food . a few people i know have raved about it and i was so excited to try it ... however , pretty much everything fell flat . we ordered the hot & sour soup , crispy ginger eggplant , szechuan beef , and the manchurian shrimp . the food arrived in record time - under 20 minutes ! that was great , however , everything was extremely bland . it was okay , but nothing was spicy or even really tasted like anything . i did n't taste any indian influence anywhere in any of the dishes . it was chinese food , and not-great chinese food at that . the manchurian shrimp was swimming in a red sauce that should have been super flavourful but - in reality - did n't taste like much . free ice cream for dessert was a very welcome touch though . i really wanted to like this place , but i doubt we 'll be ordering eating at danforth dragon again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "short review : order the spicy fried noodles , somewhat a hakka-fusion and it was surprisingly decent , in a way that i did not have a headache after eating it . the price was average about as average as other chinese restaurants could get . however , i did like the mango ice-cream served when you pay the bill , it 's quite a nice complimentary treat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "of the chinese places in our area ( that do n't do dim sum ) this is one of the best . good prices , fast delivery , and a crispy ginger eggplant that 's better than either of the meat offerings . there are some misses , but if you 're willing to try the hakka menu you wo n't be disappointed . the veggie pakoras in particular are a delight , especially when paired with the mutter paneer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only one word for their food ... `` bland '' . everything lacked that burst of flavour one would expect from a hakka place . the only dish that impressed was the crispy egg plant - could n't stop eating them . also , i had high expectations for their signature dish of shrimp pakoras but what came were flavourless shrimp that were greasy and void of any flavour ( we could n't tell that it was shrimp at all ) . when you screw up that badly on your signature dish it is no surprise the rest of the food is quick to follow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the chili chicken and fried rice were lacking in flavor . the pakoras were also not very crispy . how is it fresh when they give it to you in less than 2 minutes for takeout . another hyped up joint because its on the danforth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how this place gets any positive reviews is beyond me . i ordered satay , curry and kung pao . all 3 were nearly identical - greasy sauce ( which pretty much all tasted the same ) , vegetables and gristle . honestly , probably the worst food i have ever ordered ( and i order a lot ) . unless you think mall food court food is haute cuisine , do n't bother .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food . greasy , stirfry , 100 % asian ! we go there for a lunch almost every day . exceptional service - no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing special . beer is cheap , food is mediocre . skip it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for those who do n't know what hakka cuisine is , it 's basically chinese food with an indian twist . apparently created by chinese who moved to india , this style of food has become a category of its own and grown to follow people around the world , and i 'm grateful ! danforth dragon is a really great place for hakka . the quality is good ; not the best , but pretty darn good . more importantly , it 's not too oily which can often be the case with hakka cooking . the prices are bog standard for the city but that 's a good thing as it 's very reasonable . you ca n't go wrong with danforth dragon if you 're a fan of either chinese or indian food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the jeera chicken , pakoras and egg roll are meh . quality is inconsistent and pricey for what you get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love danforth dragon ! it 's the only place we order hakka from . order the spicy egg rolls and ginger beef , my fav .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super fast take out and delivery . the hakka noodles and crispy ginger beef are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too familiar with hakka to make an informed review , but thoroughly enjoyed the crispy ginger eggplant and look forward to my return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was good , prices are ok . it 's very worrying that the food came in 2 minutes ... and whatever you do do n't get the shrimp pakora . worst butter chicken you will ever eat ! ! ! all chicken was the same .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great haka ! i 'd recommend the chili chicken , haka chowmein , and either the chicken or shrimp pakoras ... delivery is also available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was ok . i have had better burgers elsewhere in toronto . i had the machine ( 2 patties ) with beef bacon ( their replacement of bacon ) , lettuce , mayo and tomatoes . the combo came out to approximately 16 bucks . the inside is fairly clean , but they do n't have too many people manning inside , so the tables were somewhat messily wiped . for some reason , my food came out a notch slower than the rest , but that was n't a problem . fries were good and did n't need me to add any salt at all . the fries were thick cut . burger itself was alright , but i did n't like the mayo nor was the patty able to withstand the juices from the burger , so it fell apart midway . note : the location of this place is is on the southeast corner of the plaza beside the freshii yang 's . it is not on the north side in between the td and montana 's as per yelp google maps .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm always happy to find a burger place that is more artisan than `` frozen puck '' based . i stopped in for a quick lunch at a location close to chatime for convenience . i took a chance on a burger called `` the machine '' which i coupled with an order of tornado fries . the burger was good , somewhat dry -- a notch below burger 's priest , holy chuck and south street . the tornado fries were a nice change however . rather than spiral cut , this was a thinly sliced potato with the slices lined up on a skewer , deep fried and salted . definitely better than most traditional french fries , and equal to a spiral cut version at your local ribfest . with no other clearly homemade burger joint nearby , i would come again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great tasting burgers . prices are in par with value and quality . service is extremely friendly and welcoming . they should just change the bread because it ca n't handle the compressor sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! food is extremely delicious - i usually order juicy lucy ( meat stuffed with cheese ) and tornado ( potato chips on skewer ) . it tastes even better with their factory sauce ! great food , and great service . wait-time for the burger is a bit long , but it 's so good that it 's worth the wait . casual atmosphere , and the few times i 've dropped by there was always seating available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular here and i think these are consistently one of the best and juiciest halal burgers out there . i like that the location is right outside vaughan mills , the price is a bit high for a burger but it 's the going rate now . there is a little bit of a wait time but i think it 's worth it . other good halal burger joints include burgenator and on the bun . i like all of their sides except the poutine , it has way to much gravy and everything gets soggy . they put a nice spice blend on their hand-cut fries when their done that 's really tasty ( some say its too salty ... meh ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely delicious burgers and fries . the customer service was top notch ; they even let me sample the burger sauce before including it in my order . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hubby and i went on a late saturday afternoon to have lunch , visiting and trying it out for the first time . cozy atmosphere and staff were pleasant . many menu choices but not overwhelming . i had the hamburger and he had the machine and we shared a poutine . the burgers tasted really good , meat was flavourful and a decent size . our first time having halal . good choices of condiments and toppings for the burger . such a simple burger but so good . simplicity at its best ! poutine was really good as well , just needed the cheese to melt a little bit more . definitely will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in town visiting family and burger factory was highly recommended . just from looking at the menu the prices seem a little high just for burgers and fries , but they have some interesting and fun items like burgers with cheese in the patty and their volcano fries . i ended up not getting a burger at all and decided to go with a funnel cake . it was so good- big and perfectly done with 3 massive scoops of vanilla ice cream and a good amount of strawberry syrup . i would definitely come back just for this funnel cake . the ambiance of the restaurant itself was a little dull and they covered the windows with giant posters which made the inside dark .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ; great staff been waiting for it to open in vaughan for months , definitely worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of people from work were hyping about this place and the food . this was my first time grabbing a burger from here . i decided to order the chicken fillet as i do n't eat beef . combo with fresh fries and a drink . the chicken fillet was n't that good , the bun was soggy which made me lose my appetite . the toppings i chose were just lettuce , onions , factory sauce , & mayo . the factory sauce was good no complaints there . but the burger was n't the best . fries on the other hand were fresh and they gave us a lot of them . had so many of them spilt in the bag alone . we did try the funnel cake as well . the funnel cake was amazing ! i would say it was even better than the one from wonderland . that 's one thing i would definitely go back for !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the juicy lucy on fire , fries and poutine . burger was just okay , not juicy at all , actually kind of dry . fries were yummy but gravy was a tad on the salty side for the poutine . service was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good decent burger , good flavour , clean place . now you wonder why the 3-stars . it 's not the best , and it 's not out-of-this-world . it reminded me of big moe 's . i guess from the name and the previous comments , i expected a lot . which it was n't . either way , the burger was good , flavourful , juicy and cooked fresh . will i come here again ? sure and will try the funnel cake", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here once and the food was decent . however the last three times i 've tried to go here they have n't opened on time . i was here about 15 minutes after they opened each time and the doors are locked , no lights on , and no one answers the phone . very unprofessional . if you ca n't open on time change your hours , or hire employees who show up on time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decided to try out this place , nice atmosphere with friendly staff . the reason i gave this place a 2 is because of the food , ordered the chicken fillet with tornado fries . the chicken fillet was dry and heavily salted same goes for the tornado fries . i hope that in the future the owners could add less salt in their burgers and less salt on their fries . i dont think ill be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i visited the new burger factory location in vaughan the burgers were great , the staff was friendly and they have a lot more seating than in mississauga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . big portions , fast service . owners let us stay some time after closure . will come back 4 sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this sushi place is the best , it 's tasty , delicious and many words to describe it . we go here all the time and the service is amazing the food is mind blowing and i recommend his place fairly priced and it 's worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has become our goto place for dinner these days . amazing dolsit bibin bap . must try ! goes very well with chinese tea", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their customer service is great ! their food , however , is sub par . my friends and i ordered a bento box , dumpling soup , and pork bone soup . the bento box contained sushi that had way too much vinegar in its rice . the soups were incredibly salty - pouring hot water into the soup did n't dilute it one bit . overall would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "reasonably priced and very tasty . spicy bulgolgi and dolsot bibimbap are my favorites . sushi is very good as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid casual sushi restaurant ! did n't try the sashimi , so ca n't validate quality of fish , but rolls and tempera were decent . service was quick and polite . will come back again , especially for lunch special which was surprisingly filling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a mistake choosing this nightmare of an office . they shafted us on every vendor they recommended . the home inspector was a total ripoff , i am a construction foreman and know bad when i see it . the title company they steered us to ( fidelity ) , tried to charge $ 1800 until we called them on it . my agent was nice enough but screwing your clients with ripoff vendors is not good business . stay away ! find an honest office to deal with .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we initially got off to a rocky start due to home issues not were not disclosed to ben origionally , but after personally working with ben he has really turned out to be an amazing real estate manager . i would recommend ben to anyone who wants to rent a home , or have their home managed . ben is very professional and honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pacific cafe is n't a standard scottsdale place . it 's basic , at best . great people , fresh brewed ice tea , two types and some basic food . sandwiches , salads and soups . they have a wonderful tuesday special of 'hot meat '' lol it 's mexican style beef made into either nachos , tacos or burros depending on the tuesday . myself and 2 others in my office will wait till 9 am to run down there to get 'hot meat ' day . the owners are great , always with a smile and a friendly hello . i would n't say their food is zaggot 's worthy but this is a great small deli that will get you a nice breakfast or lunch when you do n't want to go spend 15+ else where in scottsdale . b", "score": "4"}
{"review": "effective ! committed ! 7 % body fat loss in 3.5 months . singing the praises of these trainers - i hate working out , and they listened to me whine and still got me the results i was looking for ! just signed up for an entire year ! ! they invested in my success - physically and nutritionally . this gym was everything i needed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been training at john allens for almost 6 months for four days a week ! i 've not only seen quick results but it 's life changing and a part of my daily lifestyle.they absolutely know what their doing when it comes to cutting inches and toning your body . i 've been working with ryan and he does fun circuits within my weight lifting sessions ! i truly recommend them for personal training !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john has been my trainer since nov of last year and he has changed my life . he is an amazing trainer who knows how to sculp my body . since i have been training with him , i have been recognized by anyone i come and contact with would like to know who i have been training with and what i have been doing . each training session is one hour long and worth every minute and cost effective too . i would recommend john to anyone . he will change your life . thank you , john for changing mine . i am very grateful that you are my trainer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from training for a fitness competition to just staying in shape , john allen 's personal training is definitely the place to go . their staff is very professional and personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had no idea that zappos has storefront retail locations , until i stumbled upon this location while doing some other shopping in the area . i like zappos online because i have huge feet and do n't wear leather . online they have a whole section of `` vegetarian '' shoes . awesome . in store , i was n't so lucky . all the size 11 's were mostly rejects that people did n't buy online , and the shoes i liked were all leather ( which is my deal , so maybe you 'll have more luck ) . my boyfriend got a great pair of kicks for about 30 bucks , and i did leave with a cool pair of flip-flops . so i guess the experience was just so-so for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fabulous employees and very helpful ! worth the extra price for the rite shoes for your kids . our kids out grow the shoe before they ever wear out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you visit san tan village , do n't forget to bring your kids to this place for their shoes needs . we had good time buying shoes for our nephew . the staff are very nice and gave us great advice on how to choose the shoes for kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store , especially when michael is working . my son has wide feet , so finding shoes that fit can be a challenge . michael has extensive knowledge of the inventory . he know the brands that will fit a wide foot . two-year-old do n't sit for long , so his extensive knowledge of shoes saved us time and a meltdown . great customer service , even when the store is busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "catherine was so friendly and helpful . she listened to what the needs of my daughter were . she made sure the shoes really fit my child and made great recommendations . i love stride rite shoes and the service we get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to love best buy but a recent visit to this store had me in and out in less than 5 minutes . i find their new store layouts to be more difficult to find what you are looking for . there should be signs within each department to indicate where you can find specific items because the chances of finding a knowledgeable employee who is willing to help you are slim to none which was the case at my last visit . ... and all i wanted was a mouse . a display of mice would be nice so people can get the feel of what they are going to buy . best buy does n't do this anymore like other stores .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm in the best buy parking lot ... looking for security cameras and a pay phone ... i dread the after-christmas returns . you know what i 'm talking about : standing in long lines , people in bad moods , hassle , and you do n't leave with exactly what you want . well , i was pleasantly surprised when none of that happened when i went in to return the wrong xbox game . i was immediately greeted and stood in a short , quick moving line . the employee that helped me was very kind and understanding . she even went to the floor and found what i was looking for . what service ! i 'd say this was one of the easiest returns i have done . i appreciated the employees ' helpfulness , patience , and just being nice . thanks , best buy ! you have great employees and i 'm more likely to come to this location the next time i need some gadget-techie-game item .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst . someone in returns changes delivery date on our appliances without telling us . we just returned one item in our order and he changes the delivery date for appliances on the same receipt . which gives me the unnecessary headache of having to call them several times . being told i would get a call back ( never did ) and now having to waste time and energy trying to straighten this out ( which apparently requires the manager or someone only in their geek squad could only handle ) . however they did have some really helpful team members on the floor . the management and people behind the counter could be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best buy big box . best display of electronics and appliances possible , this store is just like the rest . enter and be confronted by racks of cd 's and dvd 's . televisions on one side , geek squad on the other . home appliances ( refrigerators , washing machines and other small devices ) on one side , computers and small electrics in the back . my friend needed a refill cartridge for his inkjet printer and best buy can be counted on to have a decent supply . a decent price ? not so much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great door greeter ! store pickup was fast courteous and professional . checking out at the exit very impressed how christian spoke spanish to the customer in front then english to us . ..to find out he speaks several lamguages ! not a rude or discourteous person in the visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . period . i was looking for certain items and obviously wandering around lost . the man in the computer section watched but never asked if i needed help . when i finally asked where i could find what i was looking for , he half pointed and said `` front of store '' . thanks jerk ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cyber monday - store pickup . one person working . only 6 people in line when arrived . 20 minutes later 4 people still in line . you print your receipt and bring it into the store . you 're just picking up , right ? ridiculous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if there was a place for no stars that is what we would post ! glad the person below is happy but our home was for sale they messed around for weeks then we contacted this location as it the corp office ... ... ... what a jerk the manager could care less it wasted 810 long weeks finally the buyer pulled the loan and was set up by my realtor in co with a bank the loan will be done in 2 wks i lost the home i wanted it is just a mess i plan on taking this further anyway i can so be very careful there are better mortgage co and banks out there do not get sucked in this place is so unprofessional", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst loan company ever . the loan officer is so hard to reach . never answer my phone calls and never reply to my emails . it was a nightmare . she never gave me a straight answer . a big no-no ! ! ! i 've bought so many houses in the past , but this loan company was the only one who gave me so much stressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you need a loan tim is your man ! he was fast , within 2 days i had my approval for $ 30.000 more than another lender had qualify me few weeks back ! he was also able to approve me for a conventional loan , with 5 % down , when nobody in town could ... yes good news if you need a loan ! go see tim ! tell him i said 'hi ' and looking forward to find me a home ! good luck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience dan sherbondy was inappropriate and difficult will never recommend him", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we haved used all western mortgage a few times in the last couple years and every time it has been a pleasure to work with dennis laughlin . he can get a loan approved very quickly . i appreciate his knowledge and ability to help me understand all the figures that are involved in a loan application . i was pleased that he always makes himself available . i never had to wait long for a reply from him when i e-mailed or called him . he gives personal service and makes you feel like you are his only client even though i know he is busy with others as well . i will continue to use all western mortgage and would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to get refinanced , and richard jerome said he would call me the next day with the rate . i never heard from him .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "casey and all western mortgage were a pleasure to work with and operate at an extreme level of professionalism . your loan is safe in their hands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "process was straight forward , organized and quick . my loan officer , dan sherbondy , communicated effectively througout . he responded immediately to any questions or steps needing clarification . i would use awm again should the need arise and would specifically request to work with mr. sherbondy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy my husband and i were able to work with dennis laughlin . we were referred to him by our realtor randy hatada . dennis made the whole mortgage loan process as easy and understandable as possible . he was available at any time i had a question about anything and was flexible with my husband 's schedule . dennis helped making our first biggest purchase of our lives a great experience . thanks dennis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even when things started to get hectic , everyone was on top of it . there were no delays when closing either . everyone worked so hard to get everything done even after hours . big shout out to darrin george for all of his help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i would highly recommend awm ! neal was fantastic to work with and kept us educated and informed through the whole process .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first house . we knew absolutely nothing about what we needed to do , how to start the process , etc . we were introduced to caren becker through a new builder , as all western was their preferred lender for the site . we ended up not going through with that builder but decided to stick with caren because she was fast , patient and knowledgable . we ended up finding a prebuilt house and our experience was incredibly easy . caren was so on top of things my realtor actually complimented us on our lender as well saying she is amazing . our first home buying experience level was set so high that i 'm sure if we buy a house again it might not compare . thank you caren and all western mortgage , you truly have an incredible staff that knows how to get the job done . we are truly thankful for making our experience streamline and unforgettable . kudos to caren becker ! ! ! you rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gary yedid went far above and beyond to assist with my refinance . i have never worked with a loan officer that put in the effort that he did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they got us financed . this was huge for us as we went through an odd time with my gal 's kidney transplant and with all of the new federal guidelines i honestly did not know if we would be homeowners again soon . we were not just a number in the line at dmv , our rep cared and we could not be happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had another great experience with mr. sherbondy . 2 times doing business with him , and both times , he worked hard for my side . saving me money , getting the best rates possible , and basically being the bodyguard , fighting to make sure everything was complete . thanks , and cant wait for the next adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have never had anyone work so hard for us and care so much about our financial situation . brian explained everything to us in ways we could understand . he made himself available for any questions we might have and even came to our house on two separate occasions to help fill out paperwork . we would recommend him to anyone who wants to refinance their home . brian and christina are the ultimate `` refinancers '' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dan the loanman is definitely the best man for the job when it comes to financing my client 's mortgages . he has a vast knowledge of the industry and the financing options available to my clients . dan is all about closing on time and doing whatever needs to be done to make the deal happen . he is very accessible and willing to take the time to explain the loan process . i 've used dan sherbondy many times and will continue to refer him to my valued clients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only say positive comments in regards to my experience with all western mortgage . diane corbin was a gem . she made the entire process so easy , that i still can not believe how things went so smoothly . diane is a professional who truly loves helping others . she is down to earth , intelligent , and has a terrific sense of humor . she is a great asset to awm and only hope that she continues to promote and earn a bonus or pay increase for her fine expertise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "0 star is what they deserve . we are dealing right now with all western lender jim bandy . very unprofessional , he is putting us in a lot of stress.he doesnt know what he 's doing . sends an email instead of calling with very significant info . we are buyers and we feel like being lead by a blind in the house buying process and we might lose our earnest deposit and the house because of this lender . i will go to bbb to report this ridiculous practice by jim bandy . he thinks he can do everything . dont believe a word he says . he lies lies lies and lies . karma will come around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rusi is one of the best . we have had one loan and two refinances through all western . great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casey was a great loan officer ! she was very prompt on getting back to me and the loan process went very painless and quick . i highly recommend her , if you 're looking for a home loan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were serviced with kathy gifford . kathy performed amazing communication skills and served our loan process very professionally . everything was explained with great detail so there was no confusion . our whole experience was absolutely amazing ! i recommend all western mortgage to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dan sherbondy ( dan the loan man ) is the go-to guy if you want a house ! he always kept us updated with the status of our house during the home buying process . very personable and just a great guy to work with . i would say at the end of this process , not only did we gain a great house , but a great friend . highly recommended . if anyone can get the deal done , it 's dan the loan man ! a++++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars because my experience was remarkable ! ! dennis & kathy were god sents ! ! ! ca n't thank them enough for helping to achieve my dream of becoming a homeowner ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "claudine is amazing . others had told me it would be years before we could qualify to buy a house but las vegas mortgage maven got me approved right away . we love our new home and have claudine to thank for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dan sherbondy was amazing to work with and incredibly responsive . we had reached to him for a second opinion and quickly he became our first . very knowledgeable in all things loans . assisted us with line items no one else even asked us . we certainly felt like he was fighting for us the whole time to get us the best rates . i 've recommended him to at least 5 of our friends and family who have all had amazing success with dan . truly the best of the business in las vegas . once we mentioned his name to our realtor , he too had only positive things to say . he 's a real game changer in the loan word . strongly recommend dan sherbondy to everyone needs assistance with loan needs . even though we 've now moved from las vegas , we still call on him for advice and to utilize his knowledge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a first time home buyer that did n't know the first thing about starting the process to buy a home . i was referred to tim diebert by one of our family members and i did n't regret it . tim and his team are amazing ! not only did he tell me everything i needed to know and answer all my questions , he gave me the facts no candy coating just straight facts and steps to complete everything . he really helped me out . also , my work schedule is difficult and he worked around it and fit me in . not to mention when it was time to close he did it quick and easy . tim and his team made my first time buying a home easy every step of the way . i would definitely recommend him to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just can not say enough about all western mortgage ! my experience buying my townhouse has been absolutely great ! caren becker , sr. mortgage consultant , was absolutely fantastic ! very professional and always answered any question i had ( and believe me , i had a lot of them ! ) . she came highly recommended to me by a friend who had purchased her home using caren . i had had the worst experience with two other mortgage companies before contacting caren at all western . i am so happy i found this company ! thank you caren becker ! you have been amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you did an excellent job thank you so much and thanks for the best guy kenney salame for his help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "raphael and kara and everyone at all western mortgage has exceeded my expectations . not only through their 5 star customer service and communication but also with their ability to get the results needed ! highly recommend to anyone looking to refinance or get a new mortgage ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an amazing experience with neal katz . he worked with us the whole process and explained every step to us . neil was so knowledgable and did an amazing job . he made the impossible possible for us and i recommend him to everyone i know and will definitely only go to him when we buy another home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the chase where the teller 's husband was charged with murder after he allegedly robbed an really old couple right before christmas last year . i feel kinda leery about using this chase especially since it does n't have any drive up atm 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "conveniently located at 19th ave and bethany home . the atm is a walk up on the sidewalk . but it 's always excellent to have human contact doing banking business if the street side atm is n't your style .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this branch has a convenient drive-up business window , but it is rarely open . they then make all business customers wait in the same line as regular customers . would definitely recommend wells fargo instead . wells fargo has a dedicated business line that is always quick . i do n't have the power to change the bank that my company uses .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this aroma location is by far the best one i 've ever been to . i 've tried others and will continue to frequent this location . the owners and staff are super friendly and they treat you as though you are family . it is not often you come by this in a franchise restaurant . the food is always fresh and well presented and you can tell it 's made with care and `` love '' . it really shows that this location puts true effort and passion into everything they prepare for their customers . i have yet to see this place look unkempt . it is always very clean and inviting looking and the energy here is always pleasant . i really enjoy everything about aroma at leaside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location bright and cheery . friendly staff make you feel at home and of course great selection of healthy food options . their bread is sooo delish ! ! if you 're looking for a good place to meet friends for a quick meal or coffee , this location is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to order the granola and yougurt without the usual fruit but got a ton of attitude and a cup just half full . usually service is accommodating , not this location . otherwise , good basic standard fare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on a good day , it 's a five star . last visit got it two stars as two of three sandwiches were prepared wrong . they have to get their act together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not your usual standard . ordered the all day power breakfast . salad was old and soggy . rest of the food was good . they did make a fresh salad but why try and sell yesterday 's salad today ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dont go to this location if you want a proper iced cappucino . the service was slow and guy seemed like he couldnt care less . the manager needs to do a much better job at hiring people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not up to par at this time . poor customer service . will stick to don mills location for now . usually enjoy aroma , but not this new location : ( ( (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great aroma , that manages to get even custom orders correct . rarely too busy , and a fast kitchen , too . food is comparable to other aromas . parking is a little crazy because of the bottleneck where it is . otherwise , no issues !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to grab a bite ! it fills up quick around lunch time but the staff is always friendly and efficient , so you 're in an out of line way before you 're ready to make a decision from there vast menu of food . i usually get the soup in the bread bowl , with a side of bread and some sandwich on the side ! mmmm ... carbs ! check it out , you definitely wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "annoyed that you can never reach a real person , at the actual location until you go through 100 prompts and wait forever . very hard to order by phone when driving from one office to another at lunchtime and in a pinch for time . ok , ordering online is fine ... if you want to spend $ 3 delivery..and are not switching offices for work and traveling . i love the food at panera , but it 's becoming very inconvenient for me . i finally reached the manager here who was very nice and helped me with a billing issue in a timely manner , which i appreciated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while the food was acceptable , service at the counter was sad . the clerk had no personality and , i 'm sorry too say this , but her attitude sent me they message that not only did n't she want to be there but she did n't want to be bothered with us either ! this restaurant is in a great location and needs to employ workers who can bring something to the table . it was maybe 8pm and the bakery section was pretty empty . folks , even in the late evening , customers may want some goodies !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just have never enjoyed going to panera and this one is no exception . it always seems grimy and the people that work there always seem so frazzled . we got the turkey sausage bagel that comes with cheese , tomatoes and basil . the turkey was fairly tasteless , maybe as a turkey patty it passes , but not as turkey sausage . the tomatoes and basil just make the bagel soggy if you are n't eating it fast enough . we asked for one with no cheese and the girl confirmed the order , but it had cheese on it when it came , so that had to be remade . we also ordered a mocha and a hot chocolate ... they were so watery and bland that it was very difficult to tell which was which ... we took those back for a refund . parking in this center can be sort of a nightmare . definitely planned from when there was n't that much traffic coming into this location . maybe some of their other selections are better , but i probably wo n't go back to check it out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "panera beckons you from the road with its crazy good broccoli cheddar soup and cinnamon crunch bagels . separate , of course . never eat those together . plus , free wifi , smiley employees and plenty of seating . oh , and i really dig that the calorie content is listed on the menus now ! so , why not four or five stars for this location ? the.parking.is.horrendous . it 's awful . i 've been to this panera many a time and every single visit i 'm dodging cars , honking my horn to avoid someone backing into me or generally just being annoyed that there is very , very limited parking - even if you drive around back . i like you panera , but it 's really tough to continue this relationship if we want to see each other during lunch hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in a quest to find free wi fi this morning , i stumbled upon panera on providence and could n't have been happier . i stopped by a few starbucks locations but it was full of hipsters and other bank or govt employees that had the day off so that was a no go . but then i remembered panera and how i never visited this location before so decided to give it a shot . it 's like any other standard panera , piping hot coffee and pastries galore but it was n't too crowded and i found a cushioned seat to nestle myself in . it 's been forever since i have been to a panera and i found out about their my panera rewards program , which may be newer-like any program , the more you spend , the more goodies you get in return . friendly staff , lots of seating , free wi fi and no screaming babies ( yet ) . i dig .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coffee , creamers , great food . not always quick , but good . bagels are good and fresh daily . not everyone loves it hete , but it 's good enough for me . tables clean , fireplace is on , and it 's warm in the carpeted area . it 's pretty cold in the tiled area and i avoid that area . restrooms are usually clean and there is 3 stalls in the ladies room . many returns to this place as its close to work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always love my visits to panera . i always get the turkey bacon cheddar panini , broccoli soup , and their green tea . great selection of pasteries and desserts as well . get a `` my panera '' card and earn rewards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like panera , but like amy r , i 've had a bad experience with this location . the service strikes me as being ill-equipped to deal with the crowds , and they can get a little fussy about any requests that are slightly out of the ordinary . for instance , i had a teabag in my coffee cup the last time i was in there , and i asked if i could get some hot water . the woman behind the counter really , really did n't want to get me hot water , and then she charged me the same price as she would have for tea . it was pretty lame . that said , i have business in that area of town , so i kind of find myself drawn to the yummy sandwiches and free wireless .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ca n't go wrong with panera . providence rd . makes the best frozen caramels ! no ice chunks lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the myers park location . their menu confuses me as does the layout in all of their stores . everything 's split into sections that i ca n't seem to categorize . soups vs. sandwiches ? or entrees vs. salads ? i can never figure out what line i should be standing in to place my order . but the staff is friendly and helpful . when i ask for something specific they 're always able to point out something similar on their menu and help me order what i want for lunch or dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this panera is like all the others . i have been several times and have noticed they have trouble keeping avocados in their menu . i spoke with a team member and she said this was true that they often get avocados that are too green and can not be used . they have nice salads and it is an okay place to get fresh baked items . the only reason i sometimes go here is that is so close to my home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i 'm not quite sure if panera is a national phenomenon yet , but it should be . one challenge of moving to the charlotte area from the northeast has been to try to recognize what 's a chain and what 's not , or which restaurants are charlotte originals or more regionals chains . in any event , panera is a lot like au bon pain , for those familiar with that restaurant , but this location at least is a lot bigger . it 's huge , which made for a pretty efficient ordering process when i was in there recently during the lunch crunch . that 's huge in city with so many people leaving their offices to descend on the same few lunch places . i liked that about panera -- and it 's super clean and well-run , too . as for the food , i was very pleased . try the chicken caesar sandwich -- it 's huge and was really fresh . the bread , obviously , was amazing , hence the name of the place . and all of it was very affordable too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you are encouraged to order your food on a computer so no one has to talk to you . you are then served bland sandwiches and soups brought to you by a bland person who then refers to you as an order number and not a name . my bread had a receipt on top of it , so i did n't eat it . apparently someone else had the same problem because there was a whole bread just squished on the floor in the corner . the clientele was entirely white people in ties . the soup was ok .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the price-point , this is a good option . they are conveniently located with plenty of parking in the back . the food is always consistent and fast and the place is clean . they have an array of yummy pastries ( try the cinnamon rolls ) and their salads are good . i like how the menu includes the calories for the few days i am watching what i eat . i typically order the broccoli cheddar soup with a half of frontega chicken panini - yum ! for a quick and easy meal , this is a good choice . my main complaints are all the free-loading wi-fi people who occupy all the nice booths and the fact i have to bus my own table ( and scrape the food off my plate ) , and for these reasons , i 'm giving it 3-stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped at this panera because my usually breakfast and coffee on the run joint was packed with no parking . at least this one had parking , though it was still busy because i had forgotten about the race for the cure going on this morning . oh well . so i order my usual breakfast sandwich on a bagel . the bagel choices are slim with only 2 still available . ouch . oh well , i went with the jalapeno cheddar bagel and a coffee . panera 's coffee is ok but i can sense it 's not something they are known for . the sandwich was delicious . but i was still hoping for another flavor of bagel . next time i need to get their earlier to get a better selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the soups draw me in , especially the broccoli cheese and black bean . they are amazing and come with a side ( chips , apple , or bread ) , which i suggest ordering the side of bread . it is a nice piece of a baguette , perfect for dipping . unfortunately this location is very limited in parking and during lunch seems to be overwhelming . although good , be prepared to take a few extra minutes to park and wait in the long line , as thing seems to be a convenient hot stop , in myers park , for many area businesses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid choice for fast casual . love their choice of healthy non-gmo food . i really love the new panera mobile app ! it is so easy to order , track your panera rewards . they really got this right . just click and 10 minutes later your order is waiting for you . no lines , no hassle !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would 've given a five star , but i feel there 's room for improvement on the breakfast menu . there 's not enough variety . i love panera , and usually go there for lunch . their lunch menu is very diverse . the breakfast menu should be the same , or at least half as diverse as the lunch menu . just my opinion . anyway , i purchased an asiago bagel ( toasted ) , with roasted vegetable medley cream cheese . very good ! i had a cup of delicious panera coffee that i made at home with it ! oh , the cashier that took my order was very friendly , and want afraid to smile ! i love that ! well that 's my 2 cents ! have a wonderful day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate breakfast here this morning after an appointment . ca n't go wrong with breakfast at panera . my one gripe about this place is the parking lot . it 's a little tight in places and people drive like they own the place . i 've had numerous close calls in the parking lot and also just trying to turn in from providence can be a hassle as well . if you brave all the road rage , you will be rewarded with some good sandwiches or baked treats .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location has friendly staff and are in a nice location ... close to uptown but far enough away to have a parking lot ( albeit a crazy busy one ! ) . i like that the calorie count is right on the big reader boards . stop in for your morning cup of tea or a lunch meeting . great for both !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am only rating the experience on this location as it has a lot of work to do . service is terribly slow and orders are not always accurate . whether your ordering from the kiosk or from the clerk , the orders somehow managed to get mangled . the worst part about this location is the food is never hot . mac and cheese , soup ... both have been a huge disappointment . i wo n't be visiting this location ever again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually order panera once a month , never had any issues with the food or service . today i order a sandwich and i had to open it up because it was just two slices of bread and dressing , sure enough it had nothing but a few shreds of chicken and one measly piece of avocado . it was such a let down , i know i wo n't be going back to this location , i 'll travel the distance to the next store . see photo posted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrendous service . multiple staff doing nothing while line waits and it is obvious they could care less .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of panera 's food and have been for years . the baked potato soup is good on a cold day , and the sandwiches help heal you on sunday afternoons when you 're feeling the pain of a late saturday night . the soup , sandwiches and salads are all good-quality and relatively cheap . not to mention the delicious baked goods they sell . i 'm not as much of a fan of this location however . parking is a pain there . it 's a popular place , and there is often a long wait to order . plus , the myers park crowd is pretty snobby . warning : do n't go on a sunday morning or early afternoon . the place is packed with myers park socialites who just got out of church and you 'll struggle to get a table in the large restaurant . on the bright side , they 've got free wireless .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just got a hot tea and to be there with friends . gkkd easy service and welcoming atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place to go to when i ca n't think of anything else to eat . lots of variety and you wo n't feel 100 % unhealthy after downing it . good change up from fast food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy panera , it 's consistent and prices are pretty reasonable when you consider how much food you are getting , and its possible to eat rather healthy and still be satisfied . came on sunday for a late lunch and it was dead in there . got the pick 2 with 1 2 greek salad and 1 2 chicken noodle soup , whole grain bread as the side ... and then to counteract the healthiness of all that i got the chocolate chip cookie ! i mean its panera 's fault , they ca n't advertise everywhere that any bakery item is 99 cents with the purchase of an entree and drink , and not expect me to succumb to the not so subliminal advertising . everything was delish and i cleaned my plates , except i left half of the bread to save room for that yummy cookie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the best shopping for firearms accessories , but i managed to find something that fit my needs . dick 's ( you do need to spell out the entire dickssportinggoods.com because just the first name and dot com gets you a completely different type of indoor sports ) has a great selection of things that you wear when you plan on engaging in sporting and camping activities - shoes , gloves , shorts , shirts , hats - and anything that you might use to hit a ball - bat , stick , club . plus things to use when you 're out in the woods . if the zombie apocalypse happens and the world ends , this would be a good first stop . wide aisles and good choices . checkout is as organized and quick as it can be . no complaints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice store and plenty of parking spaces . good selection of items . i love to get workout stuff and they have good options of panthers stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do you people even care that you have a job , seriously ? i 've been in here once , maybe i should try it again , however , my one and only time in here turned me off so bad i would rather pay the prices at outdoor world .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a good alternative to basspro and a much shorter drive for me . the selections are a bit limited but for the most part i can find what i need . since they have renovated the store their hunting supplies have increased a little but would like to see a bit more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dsg 's is by far the best sporting goods store in charlotte , nc . here 's why -your receipt last 90 days -warranty available on most items -purchase items online and if its a wrong fit or just do n't like it ! you can return in the store no questions asked -in-store pick-up if you choose that option online -if the store does n't have your item feel-free to order in the store -price match -supports local sports teams and school with sports equipment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had a problem with this location ; i 'm not usually in there very long except to get some tennis balls and make some socks . in and out in 15 minutes or less , if that . the staff seem engaged ; i do n't really have any complaints . the only reason i 'm not giving 5 stars is because nothing wowed me , but i 'll be back i 'm sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i consider dicks to be by far the best sporting good store in charlotte or the surrounding areas . it has pretty much everything from basketball equipment to under armor clothing . they also carry things like exercise equipment , guns , heart monitors , weight lifting gear , etc , etc . they even have a climbing wall ( at least the one at south park mall does ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this dick 's in pineville has your typical sporting goods found at other locations . seems like there is a better selection of running shoes at this store than the others i have been to in the area . also , even though the building seems fairly large , the clothing and shelves are really packed in - i got a little claustrophobic walking through and browsing the men 's section .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh dick 's ! bet you never started a review like that before . you never cease to underwhelm me with your mediocrity . we sort of have good stuff , we sort of have ok prices . we sort of want customers to be loyal . what gives ? i used to frequent dicks all the time . mainly due to lack of better options . i realize that this is retail ... and many of your workers are here for a paycheck ... but for the love of god ... a sporting goods store should have people that know something about sporting goods . just because somebody works in the shoe department does not make them a shoe expert . i 've never heard such ridiculous shoe `` expertise '' as i did last time i visited . ps . not all bats are legal in all softball leagues . fyi", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst customer service i have ever experienced . from local store to corporate , the staff is not knowledgeable and has never received training in customer service . josh , at the pineville store , screamed at me over the phone . i ended up canceling my order and did not feel safe to return for my receipt . i called the police to see if they could attend my store visit with me ... they obviously have better things to do , but i do not feel safe around such unstable employees . this can not be the first time someone has been treated this way by their staff . i predict we will see another big box store closing up very soon . corporate received an email from the store and they denied josh was anything but professional . they do not care about the customer and clearly do not want my business . purchase was a $ 2000 treadmill . at time of purchase they told me no one has ever paid that much for a treadmill from their location . now i know why .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "renee is a talented and compassionate therapist . she knew right away what was bothering me by the way i walked . she answered all my questions , explained the cause , and taught me how to correct and heal my injury . i am grateful for her care and highly recommend renee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "renee is the best ! she is a wealth of knowledge and very thorough every visit . she takes time to explain the mechanics of your body and wants to get you back to moving exercising as quickly as she can . renee really cares about you getting better ! she is always willing to help in anyway she can ; often checking in on you after appointments to see if you have any questions or concerns . she is a wonderful pt and i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris is the best . he 's been cutting and styling for years . his new location is wicked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chris is the man . i have gotten haircuts all over the world . i have met stylists all over and chris really knows what he 's doing . his actual words from my latest cut : `` if you do n't know how to do what is new , thats all your hair cutting skill gone . '' i mean he really values being able to cut hair with the times . its not a static skill set ; the dynamics are changing with each style and chris understands it . he really keeps up with what looks great and executes it seamlessly . keep it up chris .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the friendliest jj 's not only in the valley but in spokane , wa and moscow , id . they have created a very positive atmosphere and genuinely care about the customer . i love joking with the staff and they have always said thank you for my military service . as a veteran , some businesses ignore the contributions made by women in the military . kindness pays because i do not spend my money where i am not appreciated for my patronage . hats off to all the staff at this location . obviously , they have people who model quality leadership skills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten at quite a few jj 's restaurants in my day but this team deserves a little high-five action . the quality is consistent and the deliveries really live up the the lighting fast reputation . i order right from the app and within 10 mintues ( most of the time ) my food is at the door . that 's crazy . i ca n't make a sandwich in my kitchen in the time it takes them to make it and bring it to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cleanest store and friendliest staff ever ! wonderful customer service . good food ! great location . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give less than one star , i would . we just moved into a neighborhood that had a jimmy johns nearby and decided to give it a try . these were the worst subs that we have ever had . between there being next to no meat and the most disgusting bacon that i have ever tasted , i was very disappointed . the delivery was as fast as advertised , but they delivered garbage food . needless to say we will never eat at any jimmy johns again and i will encourage all of my friends and family to avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called this location today to place a order and i have ordered from this location previously from my coworkers phones . they tell me since they do n't have my number logged in there system , there unable to take my order for delivery and proceeds to tell me they do n't deliver to this location . mind you me and my coworkers have ordered and had deliveries to this location before . i am truly disappointed in there customer service and i will not be ordered from this location ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "adequate sandwiches with too little meat . the rolls are really good though . if you double up on the meat , then you have a good sub . a better bet is jersey mike 's or firehouse subs . they do n't slack on the meats and their rolls are just as good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the lettuce wraps and all the toppings ! we can never go back to subway or jersey mikes because no one compares to our jimmy johns ! lol very , love , love their food ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . you 're not going to eat one and say `` holy carp this is amazing ! '' but you will get an edivle sandwit sandwich fast . i have to give it to them they are fast just as they advertise . i imagine if i was starving these would taste that much better . their app is pretty dope . you can push a few buttons and they bring you your sandwich fast . i usually go with the gargantuan sandwich . it seems to be their flagship sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my second time ordering from this location . just ca n't get enough of jimmy john 's and it 's always tempting cause they 're so close to me . i usually order the pepe but ordered the slim 5 today and they gave it to me without the cheese : ( so it just had the meat on it . i love my cheese so that was a bummer and probably wo n't order the slim 5 again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came in today at around 1 the place is dead so you 'd expect we 'd get a greeting as we walk in , nope . instead , i got stared down by the red haired lady working the register who seemed as if me walking into the establishment ruined her whole mood . as i 'm ordering my food this lady is sighing and rolling her eyes because my 3 sandwiches and 2 pickles was such an annoying order for her to take . of course after we ordered my boyfriend said thank you and she rolled her eyes at him and walked away , and proceeded to give us dirty looks from afar . all i know is i will not be coming back to this jimmy johns .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped by this afternoon for two subs . everyone in this place was either greeted us or thanked us for our business ! the entire staff here was very friendly and seemed to work great as a team . they actually did a team `` cheer '' in the short time we were there . great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you jimmy john 's at 13875 n 83rd ave peoria , az 85381 for giving me uncontrollable diarrhea after ordering my lunch from you today . my body is 42 years old and i 've learned to get to know what makes me sick and what does not . i have eaten here at least 3 times ( all the same sub ) . i can guarantee that the sandwich i ordered for lunch today kept me sitting on the toilet off and on since i got home from work . i ca n't believe i spent over $ 10.00 to sit on a shit a lung out . all i can say is never again will i eat here ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i will let my co-workers know if they want a fast weight loss , just order a sub here . thank you for giving me the shits jimmy john 's !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so freaking cold inside could n't even sit down to enjoy my food . my family and i had to leave and eat in the car because it was too freaking cold . beyond what the normal standard should be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they finally opened up a jimmy johns close to me . i love it that they deliver ... : - ) i will never eat subway again after eating here ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a single mother and woman i was very apprehensive going to a mechanic at all . i went around town collecting quotes from four different auto mechanics and i am mechanics was the most fair . not only did tony fix all of the things that needed to be done in the vehicle but he was also able to complete the repairs in the same day . my only concern was being charged 4 % or 31 dollars just to use my credit card . if you are going here please bring cash to avoid this fee . overall , tony did a great job . i will be returning there to have my brakes repaired at a later date : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in for a simple fix on my exhaust hanger.. i explained to the gentleman what the problem was . he told me he had to talk to his boss . he then came back from talking to his boss and told me it would cost 85 dollars to look at it ! lmao i was livid . he could n't even look me in the eyes when he said they have to diagnose it . how the hell do you diagnose that ? the hanger is either bent broke or off . just another story of a shitty mechanic trying to rip you out your money . took it to another place was in and out in 20 minutes and was n't even charged . no trust or respect for this shop what so ever . these are the type of people who give mechanics bad names .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys did a great job on my wife 's car recently . her car is out of warranty and if i took it to the dealer for some work , i know i would have been gouged . instead , i took it to these guys and they were great . they were fast , inexpensive , and even stayed open a little longer than business hours so i could pick up her car , after running late from an appointment . there 's a lot of garages in las vegas that people complain about the price , work , etc . not these guys . they are awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "noe and his guys are great . they saved me time and money . another shop told me i had 3 cracked belts so i went to i am mechanics for a second opinion . turned out i only needed to replace one belt . these guys are honest and have superior customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we use i am mechanics for all of our company vehicles and they are excellent . i would strongly recommend them to anyone looking for a mechanic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i went out of las vegas i was able to notice that my car cruise control was not working and when i rubbed the secondary independent inspection this was not noticed so i am lowering my review to 4 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a rip off they tell you that you need parts that you do n't they hold your car hostage until you pay them what they are asking the guy tony is a lair and a thief . do not use this place you will get ripped off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite fast food . i 'm not sure if they consider themselves `` fast food '' but it 's certainly not sit down . honey tofu . extra crispy . large .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite spot in tempe . i usually order for delivery , but i have dined in a couple times . the place is family run so the employees actually care . delivery is consistent 30-40 min . drivers are nice . food is great . i am picky with my chinese food and this place meets my standards . the vegetables are always hot yet crisp so i know they use fresh vegetables . unlike other places where the vegetables are soggy . spice can be altered on every dish on a scale from 1 to 10 . i usually order the level 4 spice , which is really spicy for me , but oh so good . basically , best chinese place in tempe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a bit of a dive and i would not recommend eating here but they do offer speedy and cheap takeout . they serve up what you would call american style chinese food . none of their dishes really stand out to me as being especially good except i do like their lo mein noodles . i know some of the other reviewers called them greasy and i suppose that is true but i guess that is just the way i like it . especially cold the next morning ... mmm ... that 's good hangover food . yes ? anybody ? i ca n't be the only one that does that ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had 3 experiences with chopstick express . first experience : absolutely terrible . my roommate and i were already starving , but decided some orange chicken was worth the wait . our food was an hour late . i called and asked , and the person on the phone seemed to have no knowledge of our order . truth be said , it was n't worth the wait . the other two experiences were pretty blah . it 's 'ok ' quality chinese food , but not something to rave about , except their crab puffs ! those are just delicious ! take the good with the bad i suppose .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really wanted this place to be amazing because it 's in my neighborhood & i enjoy supporting local biz whenever possible , but it was just ok . the honey tofu , which i was super excited about after reading other reviews , was somewhat soggy even though i ordered `` extra crispy . '' the fried rice was a decent texture but did n't have any veggies in it . probably wo n't be back , bummer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's cheap , it 's fast , and it 's pretty damn good for a meal under 10 dollars , actually , my order is usually around $ 5.00 . they have all the favorites you 'd expect in a chinese restaurant , and can make pretty much anything vegan . the tofu here is some of my favorite tofu i 've had , it 's a perfect blend of crunchy and soft . it 's not necessarily an aesthetic place , but they deliver and have take out , problem solved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and great prices ! the food was good and it sure hit the spot . the shrimp chow mein was my favorite", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the second time today . the food probably only rates a three , but the service definitely bumps it up a notch ! they are so nice ! ! today got the orange chicken lunch special ( $ 5.25 ) . orange chicken , fried rice , cream cheese puff and egg roll . the orange chicken was a bit spicy for my taste , but good . i do n't think i 'll get the fried rice again , not much a fan of that . also got an order of pot stickers ( $ 4.95 ) that were tasty ! love love love the cream cheese puffs ! next time i 'll ask for more sweet & sour . not nearly enough for the stuff i got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried to warn my coworkers that i had ordered from them and got undercooked pork , mushy sauce covered unknown , a lot of bland flavorless goop , and finally a surprisingly good orange chicken . they did n't listen and tried anyway . 2 of them got sick and most of the food was thrown out . bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was really craving orange chicken and was disappointed that this chicken was really soft and not crispy like at other places . the beef in the beef and broccoli looks questionable so i only had one bite . i really liked that they delivered quickly , which was a plus . next time i 'm in town , i 'll order elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered delivery from chopstick express . i liked their chow mein a lot . much less oily than other places and good flavor . the other dishes were okay , but maybe i would n't order them again . it took a little longer than expected ( about 45 min to one hour ) , but they did tell me that when i made the order . the food was decent , but the takeout boxes were leaky and there were no napkins . the steam from the food turned the paper boxes into kind of a mush , so i had to transfer the food into bowls with ninja-like speed and dexterity ( kind of defeats the purpose of getting delivery , does n't it ? to not have to do as many dishes ? ) also , they did n't give me any chopsticks ! what the heck ! it 's in their name ! good thing along with those ninja skills , i 've also got chopsticks up my sleeves . hai-ya !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was n't very good . we ordered about 50 bucks worth of food . i always look forward to having chinese leftover but not this time . we ate some because we were hungry but ended up throwing away more than half of it . hot and sour soup tasted off . all meat ( beef in fried rice , chicken in lo mein , pork in sweet and sour pork ) were extremely dry and not seasoned . crab rangoon was ok. eggroll did n't taste good . took one bite and tossed the rest . house fried rice tasted underseasoned . bottom line , we tossed the to-go menu along with the leftover and will not be ordering from this place again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and i ordered delivery from chopstick express and although we did n't have super high expectations , it still disappointed us . the delivery time was decent ( about 30-45 minutes ) , and prices were pretty good ( about $ 20 total for both meals ) , but we still felt it was a waste of money . i ordered sweet and sour chicken , and he ordered crunchy chicken teriyaki . both came with fried rice , an eggroll and a crab puff . we did n't really like any of it . overall , the ingredients seemed to be of really pool quality . the rice seemed old , and my husband 's chicken teriyaki was so disgusting ( very mushy and syrupy ) we threw the entire dish away . my sweet and sour chicken was the best thing we ordered ( because it was actually edible ) , and it still was among the worst sweet and sour chicken i 've had . not recommended . we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rather quick delivery and a cubic buttload of food for their $ 20 family meal.. their chicken chow mein does n't have those small itty bitty cubes of chicken most places use , they 're huge chunks about the size of mcnuggets.. and their orange chicken is friggin delishilous.. =9", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive from north scottsdale ( 45 minute drive , one way , with no traffic ) just to come here . the honey tofu is amazzzzzzzing ! the staff is always super friendly & ive never tried anything here that i did n't like . but , seriously , try the honey tofu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place left a flyer on my apartment door , and my bro and i decided , what the heck , they deliver ! and the prices did n't seem bad at all . i was actually pleasantly surprised . i had the fried rice and shrimp and it tasted awesome . the delivery guy was a little awkward but nice and it took about 30 minutes . i will definitely get more food from these guys again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely horrid ! ! we ordered here because of a flier on our door and they deliver . the main dishes were ok , it 's hard to mess up sweet and sour and teriyaki . the fried rice was the worst i 've ever had , i ca n't believe they even choose to send this out . the crab puffs were hard and soggy at the same time and the filling was just philadelphia cream cheese alone . the eggs rolls had a tolerable texture but were almost bitter in taste . after waiting for over an hour for delivery this meal was terribly disappointing ! we will never order here again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was terrible ! the shrimp fried rice is subpar but the egg fu young was disgusting ! like i could n't understand why they sale that masked as egg fu young but it was n't good what so ever . do not order from here for you will be disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've had this place a few times and it 's just keeps getting worse each time we order it . apparently the small large meals do n't come with egg rolls , unless you specifically say `` combo '' . and the website does n't have the combo option , so you get your meat and white rice for $ 9 . also , we ordered shrimp fried rice for $ 7 and it came with 4 shrimp . this place is not good enough to be so dang expensive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i grew up around the corner from this place and use to go all the time . i love it . its a typical americanized chinese food but very good for the type of chinese is it . i love the house chow mien . the owners are really nice and they deliver also which makes it nice . i like the fried rice and the egg drop soup also . i would recommend it if you are close by . this place does n't blow my skirt up or anything but still yummy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrifying ! i tried chopstick express because they deliver to my apartment . i was going between it and another place -- what a mistake . i ordered sweet and sour chicken and moo shu veggies . everything smelled great when i got it but i was keenly dissapointed just by opening up the boxes . my moo shu pancakes ? tortillas . i 'm not kidding , actual tortillas . not rice paper , or won ton wrappers . tortillas . and as i opened up the box with the actual veggies in it , it compleatly broke and smashed all over my carpet . moving on . the quality of the chicken was the worst . my first bite was filled with fat and the veggies wer n't even cooked . ( huge pieces of raw pepper and onion ) . absolutly horrible , i will never , ever order from here again . it was a waste of 23 bucks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place sucked . ordered the family meal for delivery . got the orange chicken , hunan beef , and chicken chow mien . the orange chicken was the worst i 've ever had . not crispy or breaded . just soggy . really , all of it sucked except the rice . but i ate it . egg rolls were okay and the crab puffs were great but tiny . i wo n't order again . i only did because there was a flyer on our door . great price for the meal tho .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where else can you find perfectly crisp tofu doused the chinese sauce of your choice ? this place rocks for veggie lovers ! food is delivered fast and hot on arrival . after 4 years being stuck outside their delivery zone i am exited to be back in , and so is my husband because he does n't have to go pick it up anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! i love the orange chicken . they always get my order right . try the honey dipped chicken !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place and order from them regularly . they have never messed up my order and their food is always hot and delicious upon arrival . they give you tons of food for your money too . a combo will feed me twice . i really recommend this place to everyone . the people who work there are super nice too . they offer me water while i wait for my food . and they are always very fast at preparing my food too . really this is one of my favorite places to go and i always have a positive experience whether i walk in or order by phone . ( must try for vegetarians too ! ! try substituting the crab puff for an extra egg roll when ordering a combo . such good stuff ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wo n't be coming back not the best chinese take out i was actually really disappointed : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered at least 45 dollars worth of food and it did not taste anything like chinese . the order took at least and hour and some minutes to get to my place . the chicken kung pao did n't taste anything like it , the veggies were cut way big and it came all soupy like , which i did n't care for . orange chicken was waaaaay too dry and just was n't appealing , the egg rolls seemed like they were half-cooked , it was still doughy and the white rice ? c'mon now ! even that was dry and just not appealing at all , the only thing that tasted ok was the chicken fried rice and plain chow mein , that 'll be the last time i ordered from there . i know some people might think its bomaby food but it 's not ... ..panda express tastes more like chinese . ugh ! guess i 'm gon na keep on keeping on finding the `` right '' place for chinese foods : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have ordered from chopstick express like 5 or 6 times in the last two weeks -- they are amazing ! : d the delivery people are always friendly with warm smiles and equally warm food ! chopstick express always offers fresh food , tantalizing flavors , and friendly service all at a great price . personally for me i love their shrimp chow mein , egg foo young , and orange tofu . the shrimp chow mein is always fresh and hot and the vegetables are always crisp like they just cut them before sending them over . the tofu is always firm with a delightful carrot-y orange-y-gingery flavor . it is wonderful ^_^ i highly recommend you go try them if you are in tempe -- go , go now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as cheap chinese food goes , this place does it right ! ken and karen are always friendly and serve up satisfying food in a flash . i really like the teryaki or house chicken , although the mongolian beef is a close third . favorite menu item : the curry beef roll . best thing about chopstick : the prices . 5 $ lunch combos make this my number one lunch destination !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i fell in love with chopstick 's about a year ago ! the food is awesome , and the staff is wonderful too ! they are very friendly , clean and well priced . plus they do n't use msg and they have an entire vegetarian menu , including tofu options , awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything i ordered had flavor substituted for salt . ca n't even make the staples of general taos chicken or beef and broccoli . first and last time eating here . posted first yelp review ever for this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had chopstick express a few times over the year , and i keep thinking that next time will be better . i was wrong , over priced and less food compared to other chinese food restaurants", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best chicken chow mein ever . tender , flavorful not greasy . great egg rolls and their tofu is outstanding . friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crab puffs are good and sweet . the garlic shrimp was tasty and not salty . the general 's chicken was interesting . i think it could have been prepared on the sweeter side . the honey chicken was a bit salty . staff is friendly and food was ready in a jiffy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was feeling lazy after working , and after looking through my fridge i decided to order chinese food . i have had a menu for this place on my fridge for awhile , so i decided to call them up . they delivered my food in about and hour . the egg roll tasted like balls , and the cheese wontons were missing the cheese . i hit the thai chicken , and it was ok , but all in all i will never order from this place again , and i would urge you , yes you , to choose a different place tonight . # notworthit ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "placed an order online , and it took over an hour to arrive . we called the restaurant to check on our order , and they just hung up on us the first time . the driver could n't find our apartment , so we had to go down to the office and wait on him . when we opened up the food , it was cold , and did n't contain the correct order . it was also missing the vegetable chow mein we 'd ordered . we called back , and explained that we 'd gotten the wrong order , and were missing items , and they tried saying that the orange chicken we 'd received was , in fact , the kung pao pork that we had ordered . not true . they 're two completely different dishes . they did offer to bring the chow mein , which arrived about 40 minutes after we 'd finished eating what was probably someone else 's order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly service great crispy tofu awesome lunch specials they have the best orange chicken and chow mein ! great prices if you 're feeling chinese food look no where else ! they also deliver just in case it 's too hot out and you do n't want to leave your place they got you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered from chopstick express and had it delivered to us . both the chicken with broccoli and the house egg foo young combos came with heaping portions . the rice was dry . the chicken with broccoli was bland and way too creamy . i do n't think you should have stomach pains after eating a meal , and since my hubby and i both had stomach pains after eating their food , we wo n't be eating their food again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i started going here about two years ago and they have never let me down . granted it 's not gourmet chinese food it is a great meal for a low price . the workers are all very friendly and give you that nice home like feeling from the minute you walk in . there is tons of variety too ! the tofu is great and so is the lemon chicken . there is also so much more , if you are looking for a good quick meal for low price then this is where to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't great but was n't disgusting either . probably wo n't be returning as there are better options in the area", "score": "2"}
{"review": "found this place from one of the menus they left on my apartment door . i 'm usually skeptical of places that do that but i was feeling sick and really wanted some wonton soup so my boyfriend and i decided to give it a try . i got there and decided to order a small chicken chow mein as well . it also came with white rice which was nice since many places charge extra for rice . the chow mein was awesome , not overly greasy or salty , and the chicken in it was really good quality . the biggest problem i have with many chinese restaurants is poor-quality fatty chicken ( and other meats ) but this was delicious white meat . the wonton soup was also great , not too salty like some places , and the wontons were delicious as was the pork inside of them . overall , if i 'm looking for some relatively inexpensive chinese food , i would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eggfoo young was `` deconstructed '' it was a deep fried patty of batter with shrimp and overcooked beef and chicken . general tsaos was soggy and tasted like bagged chicken tenders from the grocery store , i 'm almost positive they were . even the fortune cookie was stale ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its truly awful . wonton soup looked and tasted like dirty dish water . id give it negative stars if i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast . cheap . chinese food . not much else to say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so dissapointed by what i got today i ordered shrimp with lobster sauce which came with only 5 shrimps inside and i ordered chicken which taste only like viniger i also had coupons of 2 free can sodas and they didnt even bring it in i am so disspointed of my meals and service and delivery takes too long food doesnt even taste like chinese taste like nothing but viniger and salt", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my all time favorite chinese place in tempe and really phoenix at that . they are very consistent and the food is always fresh . i do n't feel like i get a container full of grease with this place . i ca n't say enough about this place . the drivers and staff are always friendly as well . small place to eat in at but its great for small parties . i usually order for delivery tho and if i was ever out of their delivery zone i would likely drive to pick-up just to ensure i get good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chunks of mystery meat in the hot and sour soup . fried rice is just oily , has no flavor . crab wantons folded in odd ways . orange chicken had tough chicken in overly long strips . will not order again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was n't at all good or even remotely satisfying . even the chinese place i go to while im baked is better . the im a poor college student and i look like it for christ sake my apartment is in like down town tempe , and i gave him a twenty and a five and i asked for the change except for the three dollar tip ( because it took them an hour for the food to get there ) and i had to tell the guy how much that would be and then when he notice that the tip was three dollars he gave me this weird look , like i had wronged him . christ , him and i had a tug-of-war for the remainder of the money i gave him . on top of that it was over priced . i bought two large rices and 2 spring rolls and cost like 17 dollars . the food was bad too . as late night i mean baked the fuck out of your head .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love ordering from here , the food is great and the service has never disappointed . the tofu is the best i 've tried in fast food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite fast food chinese restaurant in town . i have been going there since late 1999 and have never been disappointed in anything that i have eaten . i have drove from all areas of the city to din here when i crave chinese . always a warm welcome and an ample supple cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super awesome experience ! i called at 8:50 to see what time they closed because i wanted to place an order for delivery . the gentleman who answered the phone was clear , friendly & professional . i had no idea what i really wanted to order and when i told him it was me and 3 teenagers he had the perfect solution . the family meal was perfect on my budget and i still have some for breakfast . the delivery guy was awesome too ! right on schedule like they said and the food was hot ... not just warm . i 'll definitely order from here again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delivery was prompt and the driver was extra friendly . when i placed the order online i gave specific delivery instructions and mentioned i had a coupon . they applied the coupon and followed all instructions happily . the food was really tasty with generous portions . price was excellent and if i ever visit the area again i would be a repeat customer . i had the crispy tufu which was really good being as i never ate tufu before in my life . my guy had the beef and broccoli both with fried rice . yummy . included with the combo meal was an egg roll , crab rangoon or crab puff as they call it and a fortune cookie . i really enjoyed the fried rice because i do not care for veggies in my rice and this only had great flavor , nothing else added . oh , included in my delivery bag were bowls , condiments and silverware which came in handy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! their honey tofu is heaven ! ! ! ! ! i am an avid tofu eater and its beyond amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived up the street from this place for almost a year and could never get enough of that crispy honey tofu ! mmmmmm ! too bad i live in la now , i ca n't find a sauce as great as that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crab puffs are to die for i 'm trying to chow mein house special in a few . we 'll see if i like that . the only thing that bothered me is when i went to go heat up their teriyaki chicken from the day before the sauce is like burning hot but still looks like clumps of blubber and it 's disgusting . i do n't think i 'll order your teriyaki chicken again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is perfect for classic chinese take out . tons of vegetarian vegan options , all made fast and fresh . the tofu has the perfect texture and the sauces are great . i suggest the honey tofu or the vegetable chow mein . defintiely get it to go , the place is pretty small and i 'd imagine eating inside would just be plain awkward .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so supportive of small business , it 's terribly uncomfortable for me to give a poor review . others may have and as reflected here on yelp do have other opinions ... anyway , was n't really intending to stop by here , as i did review the comments here on yelp , but was in the area and hungry , so ... took good ole kung pao chicken to go , counter person asked my spicy number and i said 7 ... relatively huge pieces of chicken sitting on top of the container containing the entree , not mixed through the stir fry , also large pieces of bell pepper , etc . was spicy , but taste for me was very unpleasant , and found myself setting it aside as a food loss . steamed rice also had an odd taste , and i set that aside as well , and i can live on basic steamed rice ... wish i had spent the $ 8.59 at albertsons across the street , and gotten the 8 piece fried chicken and potato salad : ( definitely will not re-visit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "negative 3 stars ! ordered sweet and sour pork , tasted like crap , rice and egg were no good . everything tastes old . hope i do n't get sick !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they delivery fast and their food is quite good . the portion are a lot ! if you get the combo , you wont even finish it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . decently priced , fast service , and they deliver . their honey dipped chicken is ridiculously good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best cat food in tempe ! i wish they would respect our privacy and right to not have them solicit our complex with taping ther adverts throughout our complex against our rules ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to imagine that the people leaving positive reviews have simply never had decent chinese food . disgusting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't remember the last time i came home without a chopstick express pamphlet on my door . i used to buy from chopstick express , and their food was pretty good , but since they started their door knob marketing campaign i will never order from them ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place ! our favorite item by far is the crispy thai tofu ( and i 'm not a vegetarian ) . the sauce is awesome and the tofu is firm and crispy . they 're like mini french toasts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to place for take out . love it ! i get the orange chicken and crab puffs usually and never been disappointed..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to the area and wanted chinese delivery . i ordered the crispy thai shrimp combo . i was very disappointed . the fried rice was bland and dry . the shrimp had so much breading on it that when i finally got a bite of shrimp i was shocked . the delivery driver was nice . one positive is their egg drop soup . `` it was hot and hit the spot '' according to my friend . her sweet and sour pork was dry and excessively breaded also . i think they ran out of batter mix on these 2 orders . fail", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best orange chicken in town ! the owner is such an amazing person and the entire staff is very friendly ! have n't had anything from this place that i did n't like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disgusting ! ! ! there is too much breading on their `` crispy '' teriyaki chicken . and i think the chicken is on steroids because there 's no way it can be this big . i can feel stomach cramps arising . ugh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was god awful . the chicken was fat with some skin and flavorless sauce . somehow , they messed up the rice too . `` how is pork-fried rice ever dry ? '' said the boyfriend . it 's making me want to vomit just thinking about how to describe the food . the crab puffs were decent . but , really , do n't . get thai . no idea how this has such good reviews .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have ate here a few times the only thing worth ordering is the pot stickers ! food is made haphazardly with low quality ingredients and it 's poorly prepared ! ! after tonight 's order i will never order from them again the items were just thrown in the bag several items spilled and the pepper beef was awful ! never going back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "agree with most , , , , bad ... .wo n't be back ... .bland , tasteless , , , i wish i could give no star", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good lunch chinese food , they deliver also . it is nice to get out of the office though for a hot meal . : - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered sweet sour chicken , the portion is unbelievably small , chicken is dry . asian cafe is a much better deal as far as value and flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have seen the way that some of the younger staff acts and treats others when they 're out in public . it 's a disgusting sight and it 's something i certainly would never want my daughter to be around . adage instructors should not only teach but act as role models for the younger girls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this studio has great training and caring educators . have spoken to the owner , danielle , many times and she is always very professional and puts her dancers needs first . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adage has been a great studio for my girls . the studio is well run and the instructors are fantastic ! there are plenty of terrific classes offered as well as wonderful masters class opportunities . the tuition & recital expenses are quite reasonable . the annual recitals are top notch & enjoyable . adage dancers do very , very well in competitions and are often complimented by the competition & convention staff . this is a studio for all levels of dancers , try it ... your student will grow immensely & enjoy the time they spend here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adage is the best dance studio ! ! ! danielle is great with children , loves what she does her passion shows threw . the other dance teachers ca n't get any better then this group of girls . i highly recommend adage studio i would not go any where else . if you are looking for a new studio do your self a favor and stop looking you found it here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dance studio in town ! my daughter has been dancing at adage for 3 years and absolutely loves it ! ! danielle , shannon , krissy and their entire staff are wonderful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 4 year old daughter has been going to adage for three years now . she takes 3 classes a week and loves showing off her moves to anybody that will watch . danielle is my daughter 's acro teacher and i can tell that she truly loves what she does . i would definitely recommend anyone looking for a great dance studio to try adage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently left a studio because adage has it all ! the classes are fantastic and the staff goes above and beyond to make you feel welcome . the training here is top notch . daniele is fantastic . she is always cheering my daughter on . the silks class and stretching classes are awesome . love adage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dance studio ! ! love the energy ! adage produces some amazing dancers and their attention to their students is hands down the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't ask for a better dance studio for my two daughters ! this is our second year at adage with one daughter in company dance who spends 12-14 hours a week in training . she has gained the qualities you want to see in a young dancer : strength , devotion , persistence and focus ! we are very thankful to have found our dance home - amazing teachers and staff . danielle , the owner has her heart 100 % involved in adage and it shows !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has been dancing at adage since the first full year they opened . we love our adage family and friends . we are moving out of state this summer and hope we can find the same positive environment in our new city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if it 's good enough for ladmo , it 's good enough for my family . i ca n't say enough good things about tempe mortuary . their staff ( dee , troy , doug ) is incredibly compassionate , sensitive , professional , and responsive . they made us feel like family and went above and beyond to support me in my time of grief . i ca n't thank them enough for what they 've done for me and my family during such hard times but i hope this at least helps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family liked the idea of working with a locally owned business for my mother 's funeral . while mom was in hospice ( hospice of the valley is awesome ) , we did a little pre-planning which was helpful . doug and the entire staff at tempe mortuary were very helpful and patient . every detail was taken care of and wishes honored . the visitation and rosary was nice and mom looked great . they took care of organizing the flowers , pictures and we also did a slide show . we often had questions and they were always helpful in answer any and all questions . the day of the funeral went just as expected , there was great coordination with the church and the cemetary . tempe mortuary made a tough time much easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know it 's weird to review a mortuary , but when i was looking for a place when my mom died i found it hard to figure out where to go . i ended up using these guys and they handled things well . they 're systems are a bit old school ( no new technology here ) , but that did n't impact their ability to properly handle things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed our time at blue line grille . after work on friday we were walking around downtown looking for a place for a nice drink . i brought up blg to bobby since we have n't been there before . we headed there and our server was great . ( i did n't catch his name , but he had the coolest beard ) the drink menu is fun and unique but we still could n't decide . we asked our server for suggestions on the strongest drink & he brought up long island.. why did n't i think of that ? ! haha . bobby & i each ordered two long islands & i also ordered the buffalo chicken wrap which came my choice of fresh cut fries . the wrap was great & bobby ended up enjoying half ( order your own food , man ! ) we will return for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun place to bring a group of friends get a bottle and some apps and chill upstairs on the rooftop look at the city on a nice spring summer evening night .. this place is big ! ! too enjoy it ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in for lunch while on a break , it was n't busy and i was seated right away . looking at the menu , i had high hopes for the establishment . i decided on a grilled cheese and blg fries ( blue cheese and garlic butter ) , i figured they would be similar to the gorgonzola truffle fries that burgatory offers ... not even close . my plate was a pool of grease which coated my tongue and i could n't taste anything . everything on my plate was one note ... oily . i ate it because i was starving and had to get back to a seminar but i wo n't be returning . the blue line grille appears that it would be a great place for hockey fans to grab a brew and catch a pens game just do n't order the food until you discuss it with your cardiologist first .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very limited menu before a penguins game . pot roast nachos very fatty . pork slider sandwich very fatty also . service very slow . we went about a year ago and it was excellent . i understand me owners took over . i hope they improve soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "22 nov 2013 pregame pens vs islanders ! i would recommend getting there early . the place was getting packed by 5:30 . what a great place to start ! the service was excellent . the wide selection of beers on tap was great ! the food was outstanding , had the wings , i recommend the fire and buffalo sauces , the montreal poutine frites were so good i suspect they have a real canadian in the kitchen ! make sure you try the blue lemieux , my special lady friend loved it ! i had two consigliere cocktails , makers mark with grand mariner plus simple syrup . it is a man drink made to perfection ! tvs , tvs , tvs everywhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bar tenders were very full of themselves . we are paying customers who are willing to tip you , does that bother you ? bartenders acted like they were to busy to help a paying customer , next time ( which there wo n't be ) get over yourselves and get me a drink . tools .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! we waited over 15 minutes without seeing a server in our area . i finally track one down , he goes to `` check '' if he is our server and does n't come back for over 5 more minutes ! absolutely will never come back after the way we were served .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stayed at the marriot and strolled down for dinner before a concert . the nachos were great . i had the fish tacos , which were an a+ and my daughter had the ny strip , which was fantastic . the chef delivered all our dishes . great place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came in from chicago for a hockey tournament , and i stumbled across this restaurant online . this place was amazing ! ! ! the staff was unbelievably awesome , especially katie who helped me with booking a reservation for our hockey team to have lunch during one of our games . chris , the waiter , who took care of the boys table was remarkable ! ! i highly recommend this place , and if i lived in pittsburgh i would go over and over again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here as a group , and `` on a lark '' . never knew it existed . what a wonderful surprise . food selection was what you would expect at a sports bar , but unique pairings and presentation . the food was excellent . i asked for a special combination not on the menu . was also done very well . the place was exceptionally busy , but the service was excellent . we will definitely be back , for the next concert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere near consol ... . but the positives stop there . slow , unorganized service and poor food quality make this place one that you should skip in favor of almost anything else ! shaved beef sandwich was infused with enough salt to store the beef outside on a sunny day without it spoiling ! burgers ordered medium well were delivered as hockey pucks . the well-meaning staff attempted to serve us efficiently but clearly lack leadership and direction . will not be back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't cater to customers very well . especially bartenders who are more interested on what they want versus their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for dinner with friends . service was fine but the food was pretty bad . chicken wings with the buffalo sauce : the sauce did n't have much flavor , really not what one would expect when advertised as a `` classic buffalo sauce '' . as for the chicken all i could taste was stale old overused frying oil , which pretty much ruined them . poutine : served in a small cast iron skillet with melted cheese on top and gravy on the side . this is not exactly poutine but more like their take on it ... . no problem . the fries were very soggy and sitting in excess oil at the bottom of the cast iron pan . just like the wings these fries tasted of that same nasty burnt out frying oil . this place would be good for drinks if your going to an event at consol , but avoid the food , they can not execute the most basic of bar fare . most likely i will avoid this place in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decided to give it a second chance since first visit was last year during college hockey tournament and they were still working out the kinks in the place . food then was bad . this time went while pens were next door . pre-game crowd had just left , and crowd was gone but waiter was totally distracted . no service for ~20 mins . and then finally took order . zero personality . beer glass w a chip . poured beer in another glass and was a snot about it . we left and wo n't be back . thumbs down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mediocre food , poor service . understaffed . the staff they have working are `` too busy '' to focus on the needs and wants of their customers . danielle , the ic light girl , is hot though , and the atmosphere is pretty good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bartender played audio for the pitt basketball game while the whole place was reserved for a private party . play music moron we pay your rent . bumped up to two stars since they put music on 20 min after my review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disappointed when the menu was very different from blue line grill . wish i would of known prior to coming and waiting for a table . ( seriously my fault since i knew the blg was sold to andora group ) andora group is known for their great chefs at willow and andora in sewickley , so i was n't expecting a completely fried menu with the take over , now called bufords kitchen . i am gluten free , so finding anything on the menu is impossible . literally , salads or a naked burger is your only choice . so gluten and vegans stay away ... unless your here for drinks . speaking of the bar ... only 2 bartenders on staff ( 1st floor ) on a sunday evening and a large demand concert during the holidays . not efficient . very difficult getting a drink . 2 stars for a few things : efficiency , availability , selection , opportunity . sorry , but , i wo n't be back unless it 's during the rooftop season for drinks only .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place but after several visits it continues to disappoint . came here for my birthday and was told fries with a sandwich are extra and there was barely any meat on it . came back again for a salad and it tasted like pesticides . my friend also ordered one and thought the same . drinks were incredibly watered down and did n't taste close to the description . i wo n't be coming back , waste of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in by chance as we were walking around consol energy center . attracted by the open air seating next to the street . seated right away as it was a saturday and the pens were no longer in the play offs . ordered the poutine and it was great along with a pretzel roll cheese spread that was even better the next day warmed up . our chicken pizza was not the best . thinking maybe it was the sauce and a different pizza may have been a better choice , ca n't be for certain . memorabilia was cool on the walls but somebody should have known they have hung the goalie pads backwards on the display . a little embarrassing being right across from hockey arena . waitstaff was attentive , although not busy . would like to return during hockey season to see the place thriving .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a bit overpriced in my opinion . they have good salads . burgers are average . the blueberry long islands get two thumbs up . it 's a nice place to go before a pens game or for a happy hour in the summer because the windows walls open up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice building and good menu variety . we were the first customers of the day . the food was poorly executed . some of the food was overlooked and come was cold . something was spoiled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! ! absolutely ridiculous ! ! do not go upstairs . here for paul mccartney concert at 530 and no service . i mean none . i guess it was the first night for the kitchen to be open . after some discussion , they comped our anniversary meal . i never do this . they handled it respectably though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fun atmosphere . definitly put a lot of money went into the place . the nachos were amazing and this comes from a girl who eats nachos on a weekly basis ! perfect delicious toppings to chip ratio . oh and while on the topic the buffalo coleslaw was bomb like others should take notes . wow . managers were also busting ass like in a good way . super friendly and helping out everywhere . heavy pours are also great to see when you 're boozing . service seemed pretty hectic but other than that super enjoyable time . next time i wan na check out that roof top patio !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for the 1st time and the service was very slow . crabcake appetizer came out late because they burnt it . on top of that my father 's burger was extremely overcooked and tasted extremely salty . the fries were also re-cooked . we had two glasses of wine and a beer and the total of all three drinks was $ 29 . a little pricey for a sports bar in pittsburgh if you ask me . also the communication between the manager and the servers was poor . nice atmosphere but overpriced and average food . would not come here if in a hurry for a show . manager was very kind , the only good part of our experience here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved the liquid marijuana drink made by josh ! absolutely delicious ! love their pulled pork nachos also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience ! great location , right across the street from consol energy center . jason stultz was out bartender , this guy could be considered the very best in the burgh , i highly recommend asking for him by name of you go here , he 's hilarious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five because of the staff . hostess , bartender and wait staff were terrific . there on saturday evening for dinner while town was still jumping from parade folk . the bartender knew exactly how to handle a few patrons who had too much blarney and were looking for trouble . defused a situation which i was watching and thought for sure was n't going to end pretty . now the food , i had the buffalo chicken wrap which was good , wings were also good . sweet potato chunks were a nice addition . i recommend them highly ! i also tried the pork chop sandwich which was tasty . good draft selection ! everyone seemed to feel that the food was good sports bar food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , so we went there for late dinner , online it says opened till midnight . they say kitchen closes at 10:15 ! ! ! , the place was full of drunk people struggling to stand on their 2 feels . i have a coupon from the hotel , but not even considering going there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place was empty ( but there no event at consul energy center ) but the food was awesome . we had burgers ( cooked medium rare ) and they were thick , juicy and delicious . awesome topping options . my girlfriend had the blg fries which were tossed in garlic butter ( they were not greasy ) and bleu cheese crumbles . they were so good ! ! tons of beers and drinks to choose from . seems like there are half off appetizers ( $ 5 ) and drink specials often . our waitress was helpful and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in tonight for the ncaa event at console ... had a couple of awesome drinks created by your fantastic mixologist terrance ..he was very attentive , quick and very personable ... i will definitely be returning ... he has made a regular out of me..see ya soon ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here before a concert at consol center . it 's across the street , it was very packed , so leave yourself a lot of time to get a table if you want to eat here . we got lucky & got a table only hour before the concert ! ! we ordered a pizza & it was good for a bar . good selection of beers ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in before going to a pens game for dinner and drinks . very crowded and loud as expected , since it 's right across the street from consol energy center . service was actually good , considering how busy they were . the place was full of energy , so i would return to watch the game and have a few beers . but do n't expect too much for the quality of food . food is mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great time there tonight ! awesome place to watch hockey game sports , great food ( burger rocked and the `` the pucks '' dessert was unreal ! ) and cool staff ! `` zoo '' was real entertaining and attentive to myself and my 6 yo . nice to have a waiter who truly enjoys his job and pleasing his guests ! ! the outdoor upstairs lounge is way cool and would be a great place to chill with your girl or friends after a game . good times at the blue line and i 'll be back next time in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a potato ricer that bent when i tried to use it . went back the next day - they would only give me a store credit . told me i was lucky to get a credit because normally they wo n't accept something back that was used . in this day and age should have had a refund . wo n't shop here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . walk in and look around . then walk straight out , because there is just a bunch of useless `` hand made '' crap lying around that costs $ 60 a piece . why not just pick up some sticks on your way home and call that a `` decoration '' , because the craftsmanship here is shit . oh and a bitch works the counter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used artistic arch & chuppah rentals by arc de belle for our march 2010 wedding in tempe . we got married at a hotel and the hotel offered a white wooden arch for our use . we were n't too impressed with the arch and felt it would n't really add anything special to our ceremony . the arches at artistic arch & chuppah rentals by arc de belle are so amazing as they are unique and really bring a nice element to the ceremony . not only are the arches impressive , the staff is amazing to work with . they are extremely responsive , courteous and helpful . the arch was one thing i did not have to worry about on our big day ! the arch we used was set up hours before our ceremony and i did n't even know when they came to tear down , as everyone was inside for the reception . i received a ton of compliments on the arch from our guests and highly recommend this company to every bride out there ! ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got married in a small backyard ceremony in may 2010 in phoenix , and artistic arch & chuppah rentals by arc de belle did a beautiful , simple chuppah for us that fit the feel of our ceremony perfectly . we are so glad we decided to do it - no one could stop talking about how it completely transformed the backyard . it totally surpassed our expectations . ( in fact , as it was being set up , my family kept calling me to describe to me how good it looked ! ) we also used it in a lot of our pictures because it looked so pretty . tonica , the owner , is fantastic . i very highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used arc de belle arches for my smaller backyard wedding and they were amazing ! we used the beautiful large canopy for our ceremony area and then a smaller one for a picture backdrop . turned out to be perfect . excellent service , product and wonderful people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to fountain hills last month , and the packing , moving and unpacking took a terrible toll on my hands . being new to the area , and because of the 5-star ratings i decided to try this salon just before new years . kim did a great job on my gel manicure and kevin gives an excellent pedicure . my gel manicure lasted 3 1 2 weeks without a chip - a record for me ! today i went in for a gel manicure and a luxury pedicure which included a sugar scrub . i was not disappointed ! today , nancy did my manicure and was extremely helpful picking the color and again kevin did the pedicure ! so glad to have found this gem in fountain hills !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to you need nails consistently for a few months now . pedicure by kevin is very good and lasts a good 3 weeks . kim runs a great shop and is very personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to you need nails for over two years now . kevin , kim and nancy always do a wonderful job . i would recommend them to anyone . my manicure lasts for 3 weeks and the pedicures are wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to two other nail salons in fountain hills and third time 's a charm ! i love the level of proffessionality they have , and they always deliver consistent quality service . plus , the place is spotless and the chairs are brand new and comfortable , and they all work with nice desk sides . does n't get any better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i still go to you need nails every two weeks ... .. i have only had 1 broken nail in 2.5 months , and it was totally due to my own fault ... .nancy is a wonderful nail tech . we return to colorado in a few weeks , and i do n't look forward to finding a comparable salon . i will look forward to returning in dec .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had many pedicures in fountain hills , but i now have a favorite at you need nails & pedicure by kevin ! this was my second time here & i am grateful for the consistent excellent service ! ! this is a tiny hole in the wall place . the atmosphere is bright & clean , nothing fancy . kevin gave me an incredible pedicure ! ! ! i ordered the medium priced $ 32 pedicure , which included callus removal , sugar scrub massage , lotion massage , & hot towels which were used by him to wipe legs & feet . heavenly ! ! ! my heals are smooth & soft now , & my polish looks great ! the other two employees present , kim & nancy , were also welcoming & personable . i will definitely be back again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love you need nails ! ! the ladies are very conversational and they 're funny as well . they did my nails well and they fixed my nails that world of day spa screwed up : - ) they did a fill in about an hour which is a little longer than most other places take but it was justified because my nails were horribly done by the previous lady . i have tried almost every nail salon in fountain hills and none were as welcoming and none turned out this well . they have good prices and so i tipped well for the amazing nailsi will definitely be back every two weeks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun times for all . the food and drinks at jack astor 's are mighty dependable . try the rigatoni or the bowtie pasta ! and their garlic pan bread ... . heart attack inducing buttery goodness ... i 'm a fan of the posters specifically in this jack astor 's . funny stuff . the music they spin is n't too shabby either . service was a little scattered the night my coworkers and i came to this jack astor 's location , but all-in-all , we 're probably coming back this week .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a lively bar scene and good atmosphere rolled into a restaurant , this is the place . although i would not recommend this location for a family outing , i found our saturday night to be a great time ! jacks offers all the classic chain restaurant options , as well as a fun drink menu and a plethora of flatscreen tv 's . may i recommend the raspberry iceberg beer ! be prepared for a wait to get a table , but we sat in the bar area and waited all of 5 minutes . the crowd seemed to be early-mid twenties , lively but not out of control . fairly different than other jacks i 've been to , as it seems to be more bar , less restaurant , but a great spot if you 're looking for fun drinks with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here last night for the first time and we actually had a good time . the theme is very upbeat and there are tv 's all around the resturant . the staffs are also very sociable . the food is just like any other resturant you would go to . the ceasar drink is not that good at this resturant - it 's waterdown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a weekday night and it was pretty full . i had n't been to jack astors in a while so it was a blank slate for me . i got the classic double stack burger . the patties were pretty tasty but there was n't enough sauce in the burger . i did n't really taste any of the mayo . overall , it was just okay . the veggies it came with was sparse , tasted microwaved and some of the broccoli looked like it was going bad . i guess not many people order veggies as a side but they should still try to make it palatable . the service was friendly and efficient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so we are in mississauga and we are hungry . looking around for a restaurant on hurontario street was probably a bad choice . pulled into the square one mall area . the mall is already closed sine it is a holiday . we find jack astor 's . the place is okay . food was a little better than okay while the service was a little less than okay . waitress asked if i wanted regular fries or sweet potato fries . she never mentioned the upcharge for the sweet potato fries that appeared on the bill . i thought the place was a little overpriced , but then i think every restaurant in canada is overpriced . if i was nearby , i might give it another go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you know you 're not coming here for a fine dining experience , but you would at least expect the bar food to taste ok. every single thing the three of us ordered was just plain bland . or not very good . service was pretty bad . it was n't the fault of the servers , they were running around like crazy . i guess that it generally indicates the chaos of how this place was run . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still the best one in the west end . had the steak and shrimp , but still prefer the nachos and wings . try to get adrian , best server thus far .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the nachos with beef chili as an appetizer and it was pretty good . guacamole was okay but have had better elsewhere . as an entree i ordered the bourbon street steak with shrimp dressed in a red pepper sauce and mashed potatoes . the steak was ordered medium rare but received medium and was quite tough to eat towards the end . shrimp was quite good and the mashed potatoes were great . the s'mores sundae for dessert was very good although there seemed to be way more chunks of marshmallow than vanilla ice cream . overall the food was fine . went to use up a gift card but there are more enjoyable places to hit up in mississauga for the same price points .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this location . it is well planned out with the dining on one side and the bar on the other , but still an open concept design . the patio is huge and has a great atmosphere . i like coming here for late night food as they have great appetizers ( the lobster and crab dip is my top choice ! ) sometimes the service is slower but it does get quite busy in there . i recommend this location over other jack astor spots .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jack astor 's is a decent place to catch the nba playoffs with your typical bar offerings and a couple large multi-screen tvs . there are a number of booths , several tables , and bar seating , however , these are on a first-come , first-served basis . it was pretty packed on tuesday night for raptors ' game 1 against the cavaliers ... so it 's best to arrive a bit early . we enjoyed some food with our drinks as well . i ordered the brie burger with cheddar beer soup as my side . the soup was quite salty , and on top of that , it was served with salted top crackers . the burger was average -- i liked the thick slice of cheese , but there was only a small amount of cremini mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes , which was disappointing . next time i watch a sports game at jack astor 's , i may just stick with their drinks and try some of their appetizers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their nachos are my favourite and possibly one of the best in town ! i 've even requested bbq sauce in the side as an extra dip . the price for the huge plate is a great value : ) : ) but this is probably the only thing i like there , with an iceberg beer . the poutines were awful ( i had it a year ago and never ordered it again ) hope this helps ! -jt", "score": "2"}
{"review": "visited on a sunday night around 6:30pm . the outside patio area was completely full , so we were told to check inside . luckily , there were tables for our party of 8 , and we were seated within 15 minutes ! our server was extremely helpful and dropped by a couple of times during the meal to check up on us as well . 4 of us split appetizers starters and our bills were handled very well . i split a guacamole chip dip . for about $ 7 it was a decently portioned size , with enough guac for the chips . for my main , i had chicken fingers with fries . it was about $ 14 and the portions tended to be large though . the actual quality of the food was n't stellar though , everything was more or less as expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "celebration our graduation . the decor was so so so cool and our waitress susan was amazing ! the korean chicken wings ginger wings were very tasteful and you can not say no to such a good treat ! next time i will come to try the salad called smiling buddha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a decent place to dine in ( referring to all the branches ) but am not sure the quality is up to par anymore . they need to change the menu ... its not even worth paying 10-20 $ on some of them . but what i do recommend is the appetizer menu..its quite nice.. and their cocktail drinks are good too ( cant go wrong ! ) but the rest is blah .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm usually one to explore menus but when it comes to jack astors i always stick to my old faithful chicken bow tie pasta ! i substitute sun dried tomatoes for fresh tomatoes and mushroom and it never fails . jack astors also has one of the best bruschettas i 've ever had ( surprisingly ) it is full of flavour ! dices tomatoes , red onions , garlic , feta cheese and a balsamic drizzle . divine ! i do n't eat there often so i probably wo n't branch out and try other items on the menu , not much pops out at me . jacks really needs an amazing dessert like how moxies has a white chocolate brownie ( the only reason i go there ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here over 5 times , they either play super loud music , or it 's fully quiet . food is disgusting and loaded with fat.. other times i tried to order , they were out of stock . drink menu is bland , nothing special . the layout is quite good and they have a warmed up patio which gets packed during summer . service is usually slow and our table did not get checked on again , this happened 80 % of my visits here . last time i was there , the waitress was cleaning the table i was sitting at which had bread crumbs ... i do n't know if they taught them to properly clean but she hurled the crumbs over the edge with the wet cloth over my lap ! ! ! i was pretty pissed out esp wearing a dress . please be careful next time ladies", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible service . food came out wrong and took forever to get drinks.will not be back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went with a big group . our server was mike . for the first 3 quarters of our time spent there he barely approached the table . even other people who came by to collect empty plates were nicer in a two second period than mike was the whole night . any time we needed something we had to call him over or he would walk away before we were able to order more . he warmed up a little bit near the end of the night but it was probably just to improve his tip . would n't go back and sit in his section", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's definitely a fun place to be , with really good food ! very loud though , so do n't expect to have any meaningful conversations . the burgers are great , so is the steak . do n't get the nachos , they 're salty af ( no but really ) ! b", "score": "4"}
{"review": "10oz steak classic . smokey bbq burger . blt poutine . all great . good job kyle . great atmosphere relaxed and casual . lots of interesting things to look at and lots of tv 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "manager is literally a nutbar . might have been a bad night for her and him otherwise just came in to grab a bit then l left frustrated and unimpressed ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a great patio . it was renovated last year . it 's a lot of fun in the summer . it draws a great crowd of regulars , especially on thursdays . it 's more lively than scaddabush next door . the servers are friendly . inside , it 's just like any other jack astor 's so i do n't go there much in the winter or if it 's not patio weather .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is usually very crowded and it takes a while before you are seated . i usually end up taking salmon or fajitas and both taste good . the waitresses are pleasant and the food waiting time is not much . i do n't go here that often though because i kinda find this place to be bit too noisy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was pretty bad ... considering the waitress disappeared for about 45 minutes when we were trying to get the bill . i think she was outside talking to friends . other than that the food was quite good . i had the bombay chicken curry bowl and it was pretty damn nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jack astor 's is famous for its slow service and i agree , it was slow when i went there for several occasions ( 5-6 times ) . i have no complaint with the quality of the food besides the slow service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update - the manager contacted me and apologized for the service that day . happy that they follow up with their customers and try to fix the situation . i have updated the rating based on my post experience . original post : ? we came here for dinner on jan 26. the steak was chewey and not cooked right . some chicken fingers were mushed together and were cold inside which means they were cooked in a hurry ? it 's deep fried chicken . i do n't know how you get that wrong at a restaurant . we asked for a takeaway box for the fries - that took another 25 minutes because they forgot . we did n't finish the steak - the server asked us why and we told her - so she she she will see if they can make it up to us . first good thing to happen . so we wait another 20 minutes so one shows up with an update . so we leave . from 7 to 9pm this was our experience . servers were nice but food needs to be better . maybe they were understaffed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first jack astors i 've been too . still at one of the top branches i 'd recommend . first visit 2008 last visit spring 2015 . i 've ordered almost everything on this menu , they have yet to fail ! my only complaint is come early or you will not get a spot . this place is always packed on summer nights and weekends . patio is really big ! inside is smaller compared to other locations . staffs are polite , food arrives quickly and in fashion . they make the drink here really good . hint . carpool . parking space is limited , do n't park at the theatre across the street you will get a ticket ! recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think i have learned my lesson , no more low quality junk food restaurants . boston pizza , jack astors , etc are high priced junk food . got the fish and chips , bland and terrible , pizza terrible , burger was nothing much . pros : quantity cons : taste price junk food cringe-worthy staff tacky environment", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . was there on a business lunch and was too busy talking to notice that our lunch was slow to arrive . when it did , the manager came over to apologize and took care of the bill -- on his own volition ! clearly , these people take customer service and delivery seriously . will gladly go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great to pop by after work for drinks and unwinding ... food is average ( i 'm sure nobody comes her expecting fine dining ) , drinks are great- nice selections of martinis and cocktails . service is is usually pretty good , usually has good music playing too . no complaints here : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here twice with my fianc\u00e9 , and both times were not so good . first time we ordered fish and chips and a chicken sandwich . the food was okay . we finished our food and ordered a sangria which took 20 minutes to get to us , at this point we were ready to just ask for the bill and leave . second time , my fianc\u00e9 ordered the chicken quesadilla and i the chicken poutine . the chicken in the poutine was freezing cold , they did n't even hear up the already pre prepped chicken breast ! to top that off , the gravy was n't even hot . sent it back to the kitchen and it looked , and tasted like they had microwaved it for 30 seconds and it was still cold !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was here yesterday for a birthday lunch . our server , adrian , handled our large and demanding group very well . he was a attentive and good humored young man , which i 'm sure serves him well during those busy services . the food was consistent with what i have come to expect from jack astors overall . everyone seemed very pleased with their meals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been to this location a few times , the food is good however prices are high . service is a hit or miss depending on who you get . on one occasion the service was awful and my boyfriend and i vowed to never return . however we have the place one last chance as we were feeling hungry before our movie . on our recent experience we let our server , helen , know about our bad experience last time and she went above and beyond to make our experience great despise her being busy and obviously understaffed . we were told before by our server last time that they did n't have the nacho platter anymore but helen told us that they had two different kinds of nachos , some sort of board nacho and the platter which is our go to . depending on who you get they 'll be more knowledgable about the menu and provide better service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the smiling buddha salad is so good . it 's my go-to dish . i 'll battle all the traffic in square one to get this in my belly . generous portions . i 'll admit , i have yet to venture away from this winner . great service and atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't think i have ever had a bad meal at jack 's and if there ever was a problem they are very fast to remedy it with over compensation . i have been going to jacks for years because i know it will always end well weather just an anniversary for 2 or a birthday party for 20 . just one thing ... turn the bloody music down ! just a hair or 2 on the dial . i ca n't hear my own thoughts let alone what the waitress or the people i 'm sitting with are saying . its maddening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a first-time home buyer i was ... well , anxious , clueless , and needy ( to put it mildly ! ) danny was not only available at the drop of a text , but he also offered me honest counsel as to why i should not buy some of the houses that we viewed . he was also very patient and communicative during a very challenging negotiation with a seller . ultimately , i ended up with a house i love that has appreciated substantially in the 8 months i 've owned it . ca n't recommend this guy enough to any other first-time buyers who need a lot of support in navigating the process .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only did danny meet every expectation of a realtor he far exceeded all expectations . the home buying process was n't the smoothest for us due to several odd circumstances that no one could predict but danny met every challenge we threw his way and he guided us through the process , even the not so fun stressful stuff . he was organized and attentive and always made us feel like a priority . we got our dream home thanks to danny ! i highly recommend danny , skylar and myriad realty in general !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the myriad real estate group is the right way to to go . the team is amazingly professional and knowledgeable . i have the utmost confidence in the team 's ability to deliver every-time . i would not look elsewhere for any of my real estate needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have known daniel for the past 14 years . he 's a very knowledgeable and experienced in the real estate business . he enjoys his job and strives to exceed his clients expectations . you are in great hands with myriad real estate and can expect a great end result .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we worked with daniel for our realty needs and we could not be more pleased ! he was accommodating , patient , flexible and most importantly helpful ! we kind of had a unique situation , one that could be quite annoying for any agent , but daniel handled it with the utmost professionalism and patience . if we move back to the valley we will definitely be seeking daniels expertise in finding our next home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helpful , dependable - danny follows up and exceeded expectations . i would highly recommend this team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love working with this team ! they always go above and beyond for clients . they work all througout the valley helping buyers and sellers figure out their best real estate strategy . they are great negotiators and very detailed . i would hightly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just bought my second home with the guidance and support of daniel and myriad real estate ! his expert team of inspectors actually helped me decide to back out of a deal that he foresaw would likely have issues in the future . daniel was honest and cared more about finding the right house than closing the deal . through his hard work , we ended up finding a better house and still closing in the same timeline as the first deal . i will be recommending him to everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the market for a new home in the metro phoenix area there is no better team than the guys at myriad real estate . i was a first time home buyer and could not have been happier with my experience from beginning to end of the the home buying process . both danny and skyler were extremely patient when it came to finding the right place to fit my individual needs . danny was always available to view houses and eventually when it came to the offers , the inspections , and the closing process i ca n't imagine having better advice and assistance . this team really does have your best interest at heart with a true dedication to their clients . i would never use any other agency !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the agents at myriad are incredible ! daniel and skyler are friendly , professional , and extremely hard-working . coming from the title industry , i have partnered up with many agents over the years and these guys were absolutely among my favorites to work with ! i would recommend myriad real estate group to any of my personal friends and family members , and have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could not recommend danny and his team highly enough when is comes to selling our home . my fiancee and i interviewed 5 agents and danny easily distinguished himself . he made the process very smooth , guided our expectations and fought for us during the negotiation process . the whole process was completed after we moved out of state , and the myriad team helped accommodate us ! once again , thank you danny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are just a handful of times customers like my wife and i get the opportunity to work with true real estate professionals . your knowledge of the local residential market helped us purchase a wonderful home in cave creek , arizona . working with you and myriad realty team was one of those rare occasions and we are grateful . the two of you and the team you have assembled made our transaction very smooth , despite difficult sellers ! thank you for keeping us focused on our goals and working to keep the emotions of home ownership under control . we appreciate your recommendations of arizona superior home inspectors , and referring us to lizzy hoffer irvine at guild mortgage . together all of you made the transition from tucson to phoenix easier ! thank you for that you did and continue to do for our family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience with danny and his team was wonderful ! from our first meeting , we knew we could trust myriad . no cheese or gimmicks or overselling like other realtors . we had a list of homes in mind which danny quickly looked through ( after business hours ) and one by one gave us pros and cons of the homes from an experienced perspective . when we started looking at homes , he would listen to our needs and concerns instead of trying to sell us on any of the properties . once we decided to make an offer , danny 's team ( morgan and stacey ) attended the home inspection while danny was away on a well-deserved vacation and helped negotiate with the seller to get all but one ( unnecessary ) repair our home inspector suggested before we closed . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this group of amazing real estate agents is second to none ! they truly care about their clients and always have their clients best interest at heart . i highly recommend this team for their integrity , teamwork and client-first attitude ! great job myriad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly service and delicious coffee ! love that they make everything from scratch themselves in store from their almond milk to their vanilla syrup : ) when it comes to coffee , i am admittedly that a -- hole who is very specific about my drink orders ( light ice , less sugar , non-dairy -- no artificial anything ) and asks a bunch of questions but they were more than happy to accommodate and explained how they make all their specialty drinks patiently and with a smile when i was completely indecisive about what to order due to their unique and vast selection . also , they have a parking lot in back which is convenient for the area . nice decor , i picked up a coffee to go but it looked like a great place to sit and chat . also , the food looked delicious so i will definitely have to come back to try it & possibly update to 5 stars ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is for their coffee only . i really like your space , but it 's so annoying that you do n't let your customers add their own sugar and cream in their own coffee , and you 'll never get it right on people 's preferences anyways . you 've also taken the choice of honey , agave or basic brown sugar away . no bueno .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic . get thee off the strip and to this coffee shop . excellent coffee . excellent food ( pastries and actual food ) . charming space . free wifi . i had an thai inspired beef salad , an iced tea , and a coffee . it was so fresh and delicious and a much needed break from the overpriced and underwhelming food and coffee on the strip . this is truly a hidden gem in downtown vegas . also , check out the cleverly designed bathrooms ! they have super rad sliding doors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a cute coffee shop downtown . not in the best location but still bright and airy . i loved the layout of the store . i got the candied bacon-apple omelet with toast and it was soooo savory . the apples did not provide any sweetness to balance the dish . it was n't served with jam but when i asked for some , a fig ( ? ) compote was provided . it was okay . i also got the one and one ( a cappuccino and a shot of espresso ) . they are a little different than other coffee shops and do n't provide sugar to add to the coffee but instead offer to `` remake your item '' if it is n't sweet enough . that 's silly ... . if they are n't going to provide sugar for you to sweeten yourself , they should just ask up front your sweetness preference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the entire experience here . we tried quite a few things on the menu and enjoyed every single one . the coffee was a nice treat as well . the manager even spent time with us to explain the concept , design and intention of the restaurant . we loved it . another woman recommended this eatery saying it was very good . it was better than very good . it was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i want to go back . it is dog friendly too . i had london fog latte , yummy . i 'm definately going back to eat . first time there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think words can describe this place . you just have to experience it for yourself . the decor is gorgeous , the food is delicious and the people are all amazing . best breakfast in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was delicious . i ordered the coffee rubbed roast beef sandwich . i would probably ask to leave off the truffle aioli . it was almost too much truffle . we also ordered the fired chicken . it was spicy but the chicken was fried perfectly and was still juicy . i ca n't say enough about the citrus green iced tea . it was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place , great space . the building itself is really cool and one of the workers made the tiles on the walls . awesome local crafts are being used . the food is great . parking was easy . the only thing negative thing i found is that i wish there was more syrup served with the waffles . maybe i could of asked for more but they where busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am and have always been extremely impressed with this coffeehouse . while the service can be a bit slower during the busier hours , typically 12-2pm , they always work as diligently as they can to serve everyone . the staff is incredibly friendly , the owner is a gem , and the food is amazing to say the least . the combination of nutty and citrusy coffees throughout the menu is brilliantly executed . whenever possible , snag the baked artichokes and berry cream cheese scone . the pretty latte is always a safe choice , and the london fog is absolutely wonderful . overall , amazing coffee and amazing people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love everything about this place . except the coffee . the vibe , the food , the ambiance , the service . but they like their coffee tart , almost sour . they 're extremely proud of their coffee and wo n't hear any opposing opinions . but it is not to my liking . ( i 'm a big fan of blue bottle . ) doubly frustrating for me personally because i literally live right around the corner from this place , and if i could stand their coffee i 'd be there almost daily . instead i drive about a mile and a half to makers & finders , which to my taste has much better coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "vegan chili is off the chain . also have has the veggie frittata which was delicious . this place is so hipster it hurts , but , i mean that in the best way . everything else looks yummy . oh ! and the macadamia latte was phenomenal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . below average service . ordering at the bar and getting tour bill that expects a tip before service like its a sit down restaurant seems silly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a+ ! very happy to see downtown lv revamp its image and add some hip places . this coffee shop has strong and delicious coffee ... plus free refills when dining it . the avocado toast is perfect for morning breakfast & potatoes as well . very modern and hip environment ... the colors in the shop were very awakening . friendly staff as well : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saturday night and it 's a nice cozy atmosphere . ordered the `` ice shaken almond milk latte '' .. holy delicious..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool and eclectic place . even the bathrooms where cool . food excellent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly the best veterinarian around . the entire staff have always been so friendly and kind . they take great care and go out of their way to ensure our dogs are comfortable and feel loved . they know us all by name ( dogs included ) and take extra time to stop and ask us how they 're doing . the doctors are amazing and have never failed to give us the right treatment or advice . i truly can not say enough nice things about them . they genuinely care and we feel like we 're visiting family when we take our dogs there . top notch care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my grandparents have a dog that is 8 years old diabetic with a cataract and glaucoma and hip dysplasia and they make him the happiest little sickly dog ever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are the best ! i ca n't say enough about the quality of care to my little bichon , to the friendly doctors and staff to the time they take to help you care for your pet in the best way ! they go the extra mile with everyone ! i drive 25 mins and i do n't care one bit . others drive further . hands down the best and most trustworthy place to go to in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 3 month old shih-poo here today and i was very satisfied with the service . they are very thorough and make sure all of your questions are answered . the facility is very nice and clean . i had a scheduled appointment and did n't have to wait very long at all , in fact i was called in before i was even done with the paperwork . i will continue to come here and continue to take my dog to dr. tom gawel", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i love taking our puppy here . our frisky siberian husky puppy loves the staff and vets , and they love him back ! he 's a handful of energy and can be overwhelming but they are so great . they answer any and all questions you may have ! highly recommend this vet , they truly love the animals they see everyday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. amat is exceptional in the care he provides both to canines and humans . the time he takes to explain medical situations to a layperson is rare . dr. munn is also a standout among his colleagues . i never mind when i must `` settle '' for dr. munn . his sense of humor goes a long way toward making coping with difficult situations that much easier . the staff ? they are superlative across the board and consistently go well beyond what would be considered normal . the result makes these visits more pleasant for everyone . no matter the distance - and it 's quite a hefty drive for us - there is no reason to patronize any other veterinary hospital .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing vet ! dr mauricio amat spends time with you and your pet . we brought tucker , our black lab mix , to him after a car accident . the kindness shown and the thorough exam was far better than any other vet we ever encountered in this area . our other pets do really well when we bring them in also ( a 13 year old cat and smaller collie mix dog ) . the vet is always busy and kind of hectic at the front desk , but to see dr amat we are willing to wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here are all very professional and extremely nice . they treat the animals like true ( fur ) babies ! i have an older dog and a puppy . my older dog has been going for a few years and every time she has had a health problem , the vets are able to quickly diagnose and treat it . staff always contacts within a day or 2 to follow-up . i think that they have seen probably all of the vets within this clinic at some point and i have no complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing the staff is so friendly immediately greet you and your pet , the vet assistants are so sweet my dogs truly enjoy their visits & dr. amat is simply amazing as well as dr. munn . i will continue to bring my dogs here even when move in the next couple of months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my entire shop done ! looks great & easy clean up . hardly no maintenance . 3200 sq ft . done awesomely ! designs and all . very professional & worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are really the very best at stained concrete . i hired them to repair my driveway and they did an outstanding job ! they matched the color perfectly which was not an easy task . they are professional and courteous , they were on time and did the work in the time they quoted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booked this room last minute when i realized my layover was about 17 hours . the rate was very reasonable and i did n't feel like my pockets were being hijacked other than for the wifi charges . nonetheless , it was very easy and convenient to access from the terminals . did n't have to go outside or anything . service at the front desk was exceptional , comfortable room , and excellent view of the runways from my window . would totally stay here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is really beautiful marriott - clean , accomodating , easy access to the airport , awesome food and bar , great gym , and fantastic view of airport . i had no plan staying here ... but thanks to delta my flight was cancelled and had to rush to get a room here . of course the delta lied to all of passengers , there 's no `` delta $ 99 night '' deal between marriott and delta , so had to pay $ 290 . jeez . anyways , it 's not marriott 's fault , it 's dumb delta agents fault . stay was nice , wish i could spend more than 3 hours of sleep here , but again , thanks to delta , had to pack up and head to the long line at terminal 3am . i guess i will try to enjoy this place on next trip ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large , modern rooms that are soundproof - key for a hotel situated near ( or in this case at an airport ) . i rented a room prior to a vacation and wanted something a little special for the wife and i . the staff were not only helpful but went out of their way to accommodate our needs . very convenient in that you can leave your room in vacation attire - even when it is sub zero temperatures outside and check in directly to your flight since it is literally in the terminal . great location and reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "room , staff , food , drinks , meeting room , etc etc was all top notch . very impressed with this property . ca n't say enough about the staff from bartender to front desk to meeting space help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand new marriott . it 's very clean , professionally staffed and uses touch room keys . bruno was quick and helpful checking me in . within a minute i had a running map , directions to the avis and my key . the location is in the airport . the gym was relatively well equipped with a killer view .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super convenient , excellent staff , excellent restaurant ( george stood out with exceptional service ) , the rooms are `` roomy '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was hesitant to book the hotel since it 's right next to ( literally attached ) to the airport and was afraid that it would be noisy . however , my hesitation was put to rest . the hotel bed is so comfy and the room is spacious and clean . the restaurant in the hotel is superb . it 's not a typical hotel restaurant . the food is actually delicious and the decor is very elegant and modern with a panoramic view of the airport . if you stay at the hotel , you got ta give the restaurant a try . i also had breakfast croissant and coffee at the illy bar which was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large rooms , comfortable beds , great in hotel location . for marriott elite members , they also have a very nice club room with good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stayed here tonight after my united flight was canceled due to storms . the service is amazing from start to finish . at 10 pm the very nice fellow at the bar had a genuine charm that made this tired traveler feel welcome . the front desk lady who was very attentive to our travel needs offered to have breakfast delivered due to my early departure schedule . overall the hotel is modern , convenient , and the staff is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy this hotel . in airport . large rooms , internet , great lounge in lobby . the food in lounge is exceptional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we arrived on a very late flight past midnight and really liked the idea of literally going upstairs from the airport to your hotel room . the location can not be more convenient . the room was very nice , spacious , clean and quiet . it was supposed to be an enjoyable stay , but we have 2 complaints : 1 . room service closed at 11:30pm and there was no food available anywhere except for a subway in the airport arrival area . it is very unusual that such a large hotel chain in a major international airport do not have 24-hour room service . this is inexcusable . 2 . when we left for quebec city we were in a hurry and left some clothing items in the hotel . when i called them they said the maids did not turn in anything . they did not bother to investigate further , and they did not call me back as promised . very disappointed . this should have been 4 stars , but minus one star per complaint , hence giving it 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are visiting montreal for a few days , this would be the perfect loacation to stay . you can walk in the hotel from airport arrival . pretty classy interior . free wifi near registration lobby and free usage of computers in the same area . very friendly and supportive staff . pretty moderate prices compared marriott in downtown . you can take a shuttle from airport ( 747 express ) to go to downtown and it runs for 24 hours . it is just 8 $ for round trip which you can use multiple times in 24 hours . overall - great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to montreal for business a few times a year and stay at this hotel each time . i love the convenience of getting off the plane and just walking to the hotel . the rooms are spacious and quite modern compared to other marriotts i 've stayed in . the staff are always friendly and helpful . considering this hotel is at the airport , the sound proofing is excellent , as you do n't hear the planes taking off or landing . the food at the restaurant is also very good . as a female travelling alone , i feel quite comfortable eating in the restaurant or the bar as there are other people doing the same thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice hotel with a pretty good restaurant for a hotel . all the staff i 've encountered are friendly . the restaurant staff is nice but it 's hit or miss on their attentiveness . it 's proximity to the airport is the biggest plus for it . nothing better than going down one floor and checking in to your flight . no shuttles , no taxis . when you have a 6am flight every extra minute of sleep counts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed to stay here unexpectedly . checkin was easy and quick . staff friendly . rooms were nicely cleaned especially for an airport hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's 11:30 p.m. just landed ... . blustery and cold . this marriott is a wonderful travelers oasis . no need for a rental car . no shuttle . walk to the escalator and prepare for a world-class experience . this hotel is modern , sleek , extremely convenient . the room i enjoyed , silently faced the airport . twelve foot ceilings , hd tv and a shower that in no way resembles bath . i will say the only disappointment was the club level offerings . if offered the deal , next time i will pass . give them time however and i 'm sure by my next visit they 'll have it more in line with what you would expect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this airport . i come here about 6 times a month . the large tall and open airports have clean food and facilities . almost a coffee shop and pastries that is n't a starbucks every so 10 yards . its not a busy airport but it is crowded in customs because of having to cross the borders all the time . always take the elevator otherwise you 'll see yourself falling down the slow of their flat escalator . lines move fast so walk fast . my only nay really was entering the baggage claim people waiting on loved ones crowd and stop at the exit barrier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the location is perfect . the room was spacious , clean and comfortable . the linen is very soft and pleasant . we had a great view of the terminals . we had a great breakfast buffet in the morning ( included if you pay for the executive lounge access ) . i 'm knocking 1 star for having to pay $ 10.95 for internet access in spite of my being a marriott member ( i guess i 'm not a gold member . fairmont does n't have this silly distinction ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hotel . excellent staff . location is great . restaurant is very good also . very pricey , but if your at the airport and need a hotel , this is a great choice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , modern , exceptionally convenient for travelers , but $ 16 for wifi ? ? ! are you kidding me ? hey with the program marriott .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a few times a month they have $ 5 specials for the hand washing portion , which does a good job with road salt . be careful if you have any stickers or magnets on your car as the pressure washing can take them right off . accepts credit cards or cash . three option- do it yourself with a hose , auto drive through , and hand wash by employees . also has vacuums available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great wash , great staff . loved the light show inside the wash too ! my civic needed a wash bad ... and finish line car wash did n't disappoint . ca n't wait to stop in again next time i 'm in solon , definitely worth the stop ! they even towel dry your car for you , which is a nice touch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , free vacuums , and convenient", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing . the carwash i paid for was $ 11 and upon exiting the carwash , the guy told me that drying off the car was n't included . what carwash does n't dry off a car after being washed at its establishment ? ! unheard of . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst wash ever . basic wash means no soap and no rinse . my car actually came out dirtier than when it went in . for seven dollars , i 'd expect to not have streaks across all my windows . first time here , last time here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every time i am in the area , i stop in for a car wash. my car comes out looking clean and shiny every time . and they have free vacuums . does n't get any better than that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this will be short as i have n't even stepped foot in this place . i 've had it booked marked to try for a long time . one of my offices is located near by and i 'm so glad i thought of it as a take out option . we looked up the menu online and were pleasantly surprised at the off beat as well as traditional selections . here are a few : citrus salad with pork bellies polish plate - homemade peirogies , kielbasa with sauerkraut & potato pancakes bacon , egg & provolone burger california wrap brie grilled cheese w roasted tomato soup bread pudding with bourbon caramel i have the pork bellie salad and loved it ! next time i will dine at the cafe & update my review , till then check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for a special event . based on the food served , i would not come as a paying customer . bland penne with blander , sparse sauce . overdone broccoli . nice looking caesar with big croutons and ... ranch dressing ? ew . chicken slimy something . not sure what it was . bathrooms were gas-station dirty . two stars for free food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the decor is reminiscent of a restaurant impossible episode , no idea if they were on it but that does n't really matter does it ? had the polish plate ( sausage with sauerkraut , potato pancakes with apple sauce and pierogi covered in fried onions ) . the sausage and sauerkraut were ok , nothing special . but the potato pancakes with apple sauce and pierogi with onions were amazing . also , i tried some seasoned fries which were incredible . definitely recommend those . only one front of the house worker who greeted , seated and took out orders as well as brought our food out and waited on us ; she was very attentive and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently visited a thyme for all seasons for lunch with a friend . we had the recent groupon deal , so the value was outstanding . even without the groupon , a decent lunch can be had here for about $ 10 , excluding tax and tip . i had a wrap sandwich , which was not extraordinary , but definitely tasty . my friend was pleased that the chicken on his salad was freshly cooked and still warm at the time of serving . the seasoned french fries were great as well . what keeps me from giving this place five stars is the odd layout and atmosphere . the restaurant is located in a banquet facility and the tables for the lunch crowd are large and widely spread , leading to an environment devoid of intimacy . the room is also fairly dark , leading me to feel like i had just emerged from a cave when i strolled back to my car . if i find myself in the neighborhood again , a thyme for all seasons might be on the agenda once more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for lunch yesterday . i really enjoy this place . i like how spread out t the tables are . i like how quiet it is . i work in a loud office . and i relish the peace of this place . not to mention the food is great . i had the steak sandwich , it was delicious . the steak tender , the horseradish mayonnaise not too spicy , the fried onions crispy . my friend had the chicken wrap and she loved it . we had a great lunch and we got to talk to each other without shouting and enjoy a fabulous meal . the prices are good and each day they have a special . the waitress is sweet and attentive . looking forward to my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we walked in and the place was empty except for one other couple . the hostess waitress was vacuuming and then mopping the entire place while we were there . they close in an hour . could it wait until your customers are gone ? finally , the waitress hostess poor woman cleaning was sick as a dog ! she was coughing while she vacuumed , coughing while she mopped and coughing while she brought out our food ! she should not be serving food to customers let alone working ! she was very sweet and we felt bad for the review but she should be in bed . food was fine but if it comes with a cold ... .. yuck !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just came back from lunch at this very nice restaurant . the service was wonderful . the food was first rate . i had a blue cheese , caramel onion burger which was very well done . my wife 's cuban sandwich was just right . the french fries were crispy and not oily . we were so impressed that we ordered their polish plate and shepherd pie to take home for dinner . all the 5 stars reviews are justified . for a lunch place , this is outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drive-by review : simple cafe seating , very roomy between tables , two tvs , friendly homey service , simple but good fare . crayons on the table & paper tablecloth - perfect for kids or adults who need to play tic-tac-toe while waiting for lunch . brie sandwich with tomato & cup of tomato soup - $ 7 i think they do catering as well - looks like you could probably book the restaurant for a nice party .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a nice casual lunch place . the chicken wings appetizer : i asked for them with sauce on the side . they were fried up perfectly with minimal breading which is how i like them . delish . they cook to order so these were still very hot and crispy when she brought them to my table . enough for my evening meal , too . the shrimp stew was excellent . i did add a little hot sauce to it but it was delish . the staff are very friendly . the chef came out to talk to me . he mentioned that not too many people order that dish . i guess not , since it was 105 degrees outside that day , but i love shrimp . it would be excellent on a cool day , too . it 's close to home . good service , good food , good value . it 's very easy to find ; on warm springs a few blocks east of the outlet mall ; a few blocks west of the 215 warm springs exit . i 'll be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will not be coming back anytime soon i ordered a cheeseburger and fries and it was just bad . the fries were black and just gross looking and also made me sick . the burger was alright and was able to tolerate half . i 'm a big bring it home even if it is for the dog and i would n't even do that . their service was good slow but the man was very nice and accommodated the large party we had . was really rooting for them but was just disappointed . it was a $ 13 mistake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good , the apple pancake , breakfast lasagna , chicken fried steak and biscuits and gravy are a must for breakfast ( not in one sitting of course ) . for lunch you can never go wrong with the meatloaf . i would not recommend the cabanara.. i got sick from it and they put wayyyyy tooo much egg in it , and the bacon was undercooked . my friends highly recommend the cuban too . this place has the best prices for a great meal . you definitely leave here feeling full for under $ 10 . the daily specials are a great deal and they change daily.. usually there 's about 6 items on the daily special to choose from . you will spend about $ 6-12 here and leave full .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the parking lot is empty , the place is open , just saw someone looking out the door , they probably wondering where everyone has gone . for sunday morning , this place should be full . we get our choice of tables , our drinks are sent out right away . then we choose a few apps to start off with , asian spring rolls and the swedish meatballs . they were both really good . i wanted to try the roasted tomato soup , one of their specialty . it was thick and rich , not bad for a simple soup . for my main entree , i got the frittata du jur , which today was spinach and bacon . very good . i even got some of their homemade berry jam for the toast . it was very berry , but not too sweet . everything we tried today was good . i would like to try other menu items , the desert , brownie fondue with wild berry dip , looks very interesting , so we 'll have to return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thanks for leaving us holding the dirty end of the stick ! we had booked this company for our wedding in dec. on a big wedding day and when we try to call to add something to our order we found our they had pulled stakes in the middle of the night and took off to new jersey ! ! ! any apologies ? none . and by the way , thanks for contacting us with the information that your not gon na be catering our wedding and leaving us with every other cater company booked that day . thanks for nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just wanted to say that this is still one of those hidden gems and one of my favorite places. ! ! went there for a weekday lunch - the service is always fast and the people there are so nice . tried the creamy corn chowder and one of the daily specials - crisp pork loin apple salad with shaved apples & roasted hazelnuts served on a bed of mixed greens with raspberry vinaigrette on the side ( it was actually roasted chickpeas which were soooo tastsy that i took some back to work to snack on ! ) hubby had the grilled chicken sandwich with fresh fruit . we were pleasantly surprised with the flavor in both our meals - we wanted to lick the plates ! ! ... .great reasonable prices for the exceptional quality of food they dish out . get on their email list - they will send you their daily specials ! ( they are also caterers and use there restaurant for special events too ! ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we will not be returning ... ever ! certain staff members are really creepy ( you feel as though you need to keep an eye on your purse ) . and why does this place smell so bad ? it 's hard to enjoy a meal when you feel like gagging from the over-whelming smell of a backed-up toilet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , delicious food , and pleasant decor . we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a little worried as location was not great . walking in ambiance is so-so . if it was n't for yelp i would n't have sat down . thank god for yelp because everything this place lacks it makes up for in great tasting food ! menu is diverse and plating is spectacular . everything you could expect from a four star restaurant without the price or location . which is a good thing as most four star places around here require too much commitment . will eat here every time i come to vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with our groupon we made our way to warm springs rd and a thyme for all seasons.. the food was great , excellent friendly service ... i had the avocado burger and the burger was large with a great bun , the husband had the ny steak sandwich which was large and on a soft roll ... french fries were warm and crispy ( my kind of fry ) .. we will definitely be back . hours are m thru f 10-3 do n't pass this up ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is really slow . i do n't blame the waitress since she was the only one there . the food is alright . nothing spectacular though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went today ( saturday ) at about 1230 , it was closed . listed hours indicated it should be open , but the doors were locked ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i eat here at least twice per week . mostly for breakfast , but lunch sometimes too . they are the greatest people and the food is excellent . in reading down these reviews , i see some negative ones from 2011 , in 2012 , this place rocks ! they will change up any menu item to suit special diets and are always pleasant to deal with . i would recommend this place to anybody and everybody . i only wish they served dinner . they actually made me a special thanksgiving dinner that was only supposed to be available for 15 people or more . they are fantastic , you 've got to give them a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the chicken fried steak . the potatoes , eggs , and gravy were great . my wife had the chicken and waffles . my steak was a little tough , but was at least fresh . the potatoes and eggs were perfect . the gravy was incredible . i do n't even like biscuits and gravy , but i loved them theirs and wanted more . my wife loved the gravy syrup , but wanted wings instead ofbreast . i will definitely be back for lunch and breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to a thyme for all seasons with a groupon and will go back without one . we recently moved into the area and are trying new establishments and were happy to find this . interesting setup but the food is good . we had the chicken entree and the polish plate and both were really good with a lot of food ! we will go back and will consider outside catering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grabbed lunch after picking up mom from the airport before our nail appointment . large portions , awesome food , friendly staff , and delicious iced tea . i think they 're only open for breakfast lunch , which really is a bummer . on the outside it looks a little shady , but when you go in , there 's a nice open dining area that does n't seem too busy in the middle of the week . i would totally go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was looking for a `` taste experience '' and found it . i wanted that secret word of moth place not a show or furniture or shiny expensive looking . i love nobu , french laundry just to name a few . .where : food and flavors are the stars '' mcotrone7 @ gmail.com nc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to eating here but today they were closed at 1:20 . their hours say they should have been open until 3 . they sort of looked out of business . does anyone know if they are still open or not ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! do n't be deterred by the appearance and its location . great brunch ! ! ! i had the special pork chop and my wife had the brie grilled cheese . great service and great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience ever in a restaurant . horrible food . bad service . worst possible atmosphere . 45 mins to cook pancakes and eggs ? we were the only customers ! no , thank you , but no . negative stars !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in for lunch and ordered the mediterranean chickrn salad , chicken orzo soup , pulled chicken sandwhich and turkey chili . i was really wanting to like it , but everything i ordered was bland . did i order all the not so flavorful items ? i 'll try it again , general rule `` try everything twice ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's my hidden lunch breakfast spot . a terrible location for a restaurant , does n't look like a restaurant from the outside at all . i use the cafe a lot since i work across the street . they are currently running a $ 2.22 breakfast special with two eggs , two pieces of meat ( sausage , bacon , ham , spam ) , hash browns , and 2 pancakes . i do n't think i could make breakfast for that cheap . it 's really good . they also have daily $ 5 lunch specials . the portions are always great , and the style of food runs the gamut . the food is always fresh and healthy tasting . the service can be a little slow sometimes ( the waiter is sometimes the cook as well ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been here and the food is great- best thing ? they cater ! this was our second year that they took over our entire thanksgiving weekend and did a wonderful job . monica is spot on with the paperwork & decorating- i do n't know from table cloths & napkins & chair seats ... ..chef michael is creative & attentive , creating low sodium healthy dishes based on our family recipes that taste better than the originals ... the server we had to help us was a sweetie , no one left unattended- not to mention her careful cleaning of my mom 's china & silver ! not only did they make our weekend , but they did an amazing job at our wedding last year also ! we never ran out of passed trays of food or drinks- we ca n't wait for this years x-mas party ! when you find good people , you can relax & enjoy the party ! i ca n't say enough good things- thank you michael & monica & staff ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used my groupon and was very happy with this find . reasonably priced , very clean , and definitely a 'mom and pop shop ' . i got the polish plate ( $ 8.95 ) and would totally order it again . my friend got the sausage and peppers and that was tasty too ! it 's in the same plaza as bono 's and pt 's if you are looking for it . give it a try it 's good : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been here two times now and have enjoyed ourselves very much . prices are very reasonable and the staff is always so polite . we asked to swap some dishes on the set meal and our server was happy to oblige . we will go back again , i 'm sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overpriced , under seasoned , small portions . very disappointing . we had the pad thai , 15 $ for a pile of noodles and nothing else , the noodles were not seasoned . a serious waste of money . please eat elsewhere . i really ca n't stress enough how bad this is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there on a friday night with some friends and i was fairly impress by the restaurant even more so because the review were so mixed . so i began my dinner with a shrimp spring roll which was good , the side sauce was amazing . my friends took the chicken sate and a veggi spring roll . they liked their food as well . for my entree , i had general tao chicken and it was the best i ever had , it was simply delicious . the portion were pretty good too , i was full when i left the restaurant . as for my friends , they all enjoyed their food too . the atmosphere is pretty casual and since it 's a byow , i feel like the crowd was mostly student . it 's also was a little bit loud but still okay . the price are fair for what you get , i am pretty happy with my experience there . only disappointment ; our waiter did n't speak french fluently .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'y suis all\u00e9e parce que des amies avaient d\u00e9cid\u00e9 de l'endroit sans l'avoir essay\u00e9 auparavant . avec un 2 \u00e9toiles et demies , j'\u00e9tais un peu douteuse de la qualit\u00e9 du repas et je suis contente de report\u00e9 que j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 agr\u00e9ablement surprise ! c'est un restaurant qui se dit de nature `` sud-est de l'asie '' donc \u00e7a ne me d\u00e9rangeais pas trop qu'on y servent autant des sushis que du pad thai ! j'ai partag\u00e9 du poulet satay , un pad thai aux crevettes et un poulet au noix de cajou et \u00e0 la sauce basilique qui \u00e9taient tous d\u00e9licieux . j'aurais aim\u00e9 un peu plus d'\u00e9pice dans mon pad thai , mais le reste \u00e9tait vraiment bien . en plus , c'est un apportez votre vin donc \u00e7a vous permet d'\u00e9conomiser un peu . finalement , le service \u00e9tait pas mal bien et courtois tout au long de la soir\u00e9e .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for a big group meal and i ca n't say i was impressed . the space itself is well decorated , and they had the space for a big group , that i 'll give them that . but the food ? pretty meh . in speaking with some of my dining companions , they all seemed to agree . it was n't that it was bad , it was n't , but it was n't particularly flavorful . and that 's disappointing . i guess i 've been spoiled by eating lots of pad thai from bangkok , but i expect my pad thai to be at least a little spicy and bursting with flavor . if you ca n't stand spicy food , this may be the place for you ! i would n't go out of my way to go back here , but if i happened to end up here again , i 'd make sure to pick something different and make a point of asking for it spicy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good veggie option- except that they served me the soup with chicken so i had to send it back . perhaps they thought that chicken must be vegetarian.. : ) otherwise the place had a little annoying smell - i 'm very sensitive to smell - nobody else seems to have noticed it . friend enjoyed their meals- no complaints , no big wows .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the decor and our server was very nice , but overall , my experience was mediocre . they only have one vegetable dish that does n't contain fish sauce ( sweet and sour stir fry ) and it was bland . ( not vegetarian friendly ... ) our server did n't come back to see us after serving us our main dish , so i ate the tasteless dish and there was n't even any salt on the tables . it just was n't worth the price . i 've had better and cheaper asian food on many occasions .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "unique asian decoration : ) you can bring your own vine : ) they have various interesting options : ) their kitchen is open and it 's so cool to see their chef fire up your order : ) they had a lovely desert as well ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice ; great sermons and messages . i also like the variety of music played by very talented church member volunteers . my daughter likes the sunday school .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the church has been an important part of my life . i have met some of my best friends in the church . my daughters have had great experiences in the youth program both socially and have been positively impacted by mission giving work . what a wonderful church !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this church community has a great music program ( choir , bells and bands ) , youth program ( teen band , game nights ) , children 's education ( holy moly and connect ) , mission trips ( for youth and adults both ) , camp opportunities ( montlure ) and just the nicest people ! www.missiondelsol.org", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided that i am qualified to write a review for this place because : 1 ) i was actually with coda when he dealt with nightmare that was this dealership . 2 ) i do n't appreciate owners insulting the intelligence of myself and others by posting six 5-star reviews using fake profiles after an honest review of their poor service comes to light . very unprofessional . i wish i could give it zero stars to balance out the ridiculous fakes until they are removed . one star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like these guys because of their no-nonsense approach . i 've actually purchased 3 cars through them now -- i know , i should really keep cars longer than i do ! they 've always been up front with me , and are willing to go out and look for specific cars at the auction for me if i want something very specific . i would recommend them for anyone . they search in a 300 mile radius for similar vehicles , and then price their car below them ... got ta love it when someone takes the work out of shopping for a car ! i now live in utah , but plan on driving down to get my next car from them when my company 's ready to do a car allowance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people at the dealership were nice and helpful . however i have so many issues with the car i purchased , many to the fault of the mechanics at the dealership . horrible experience ! will never purchase from them agian ! after two weeks of purchasing the car i had to get 2 new tires , realignment , all new struts and bolts on tires . i was told my car would be detailed , they got the seats done but that was it ! no wash or wipe down on the inside and to clean the seat belts it was `` hard '' . i have had to purchase vechicles before and although the process was smooth , it was the worst headache after . save time and go to a better dealership !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fiance has been raving about these tacos , so this past weekend they were at the scottsdale pavilions and so i had to go try them ! at first i thought it was strange that it had a japanese flair on their truck and had japanese drinks as well . my fiance ordered three different tacos ( for him self ) and since i 'm a fan of chicken i got the chicken . they were amazing ! ! ! ! ! my chicken ones were so awesome i wish i would have gotten more , i had a try of the others which were pork and beef and they were equally amazing . even tho it is different they are awesome ! ! ! next time we know where they are we are sooooo going back , id highly recommend finding them and getting yummy good awesome food ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried this when they had the food truck event in the whole foods parking lot last thursday- so good ! ! i believe they have these events on the 3rd thursday of every month- i will be going back for sure . i had the 3 tacos combo- it was excellent . i first had an asian-mexican fusion taco at a famous food truck in austin , texas- and shinobu was just as good ! go try this place out , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience has not been a positive one ... the nurses in this area ... they do n't seem to understand how to move softly ? ? like they will move my child 's crib from one room to the other and hit every wall on the way ... they will enter the room and turn on every light for no reason ... . we had a room for my son and i , but they came in to tell me we had to move to a different occupied one ... the mom and child had their tv volume high , so i asked the nurse to if we could lower it , she did but like by 2 levels ? ... i had to wake up the mom and ask her if it was okay to lower it more , she was really nice about it and just turned off ... i just think that this hospital is too cramped and the nurses might not be the greatest ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service at umc children 's er . pediatrician and surgery teams were attentive and efficient , could not have asked for a better emergency experience . doctors and residents 1st class . only complaint was up on children 's floor ( after surgery recovery room ) our first nurse wanted my son on her time schedule . took an hour for pain meds which is unacceptable ( this after me going out looking for her on 3 different occassion 's for pain medicine ) and her overall attitude needed an adjustment . evening nurse was awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had probably one of the worst experiences in a children 's hospital , and this was for my 6mo old son . i do know emergency rooms can be quite a wait sometimes but we spent 6 hours of our day here and it seemed like it was pointless , the nurse that walked us to the room did not offer to even help me while i struggled to push my daughter in a stroller , carry the diaper bag , hold my son and his car seat . real lack of help here ! may not be her job to carry my things but to not even offer while i 'm barely able to get around corners with my kids was insanely rude . my son was prescribed antibiotics for an abcess on his bottom , which i have seen no difference in , other than looking worse ! everyone here seemed so irritated to do their job . i understand that the job can be stressful but so can being the parent of a sick child and kindness does go a long way ! i will not be bringing either of my kids here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "invitations , planning , and knowledge about the wedding industry that will blow you away . trini has it all , knows it all , and helped me out with my wedding more then we could have hoped for . a lot of people want to skip out on a planner , or make their own stationary for their wedding , fine , go ahead . but if you want exceptional planning and personal attention along with amazing stationary and invitations , then you have to go meet with trini . she went above and beyond on the day of our wedding and is super nice to meet with , her office in long beach is perfect with all her examples and a convenient meeting place . on the day of , i think everything went perfect . if it did n't , i had no clue cause trini was on top of it . that 's what i wanted . i do n't want my wedding day to be filled with stress , or problems , or chaos . it 's the day you want to enjoy and trini is there to make sure you do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trini was great to work with . we just needed a day of coordinator for our wedding , and her pricing and services were just right . she absolutely has great taste and great ideas . she is always available and has been very supportive during my typical bride freak out moments . we definitely appreciated the fact that she went out of her way to come see our site the night before and doing other things we needed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't say that i was very impressed with this shop . it 's about the same size as their toronto location but does n't seem to use the space as well . i was really hoping that they might have a few different things or more shoes for summer but no such luck . on the plus side , their prices are decent and they do have a number of good brands on sale . if you 're looking for casual or semi-casual shoes this is a good place to shop . the staff were very friendly and helpful , i just had my heart set on finding more variety . ca n't win em all i guess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pour donner du style \u00e0 mes pieds , j'aime bien aller faire un tour \u00e0 little burgundy . peu importe la tendance de l'heure , little burgundy est toujours un pas en avance avec non seulement la chaussure que tout le monde cherche , mais aussi celle qui sera la plus vendue dans les mois \u00e0 venir . j'aime la vari\u00e9t\u00e9 des styles offerts et le m\u00e9lange de grandes marques avec des marques un peu moins connues . j'appr\u00e9cie particuli\u00e8rement le fait de pouvoir comparer diff\u00e9rents souliers en allant \u00e0 un seul endroit au lieu de visiter quatre ou cinq boutiques avant de me d\u00e9cider . les prix sont plus dispendieux que d'autres magasins de chaussures , mais c'est souvent ce qu'il arrive avec les souliers des marques qu'ils pr\u00e9sentent . de temps en temps , de bonnes aubaines en valent le co\u00fbt , surtout pour des chaussures en fin de saison .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i actually do n't have a complaint about the store itself . i have a complaint about little burgundy online shopping . for the past month and a half i 've ordered shoes from them 3 times and in all three cases , my order was cancelled due to lack of inventory . customer service was n't helpful and rather condescending . one wrote my shoe was cancelled and then said `` thank you '' for shopping at little burgundy . who says that ? ! i would write to little burgundy to complain about their customer service but that 's not going to get anywhere . so i 'm hoping someone in head office reads this . i miss aldo ! ! ! ! ! ! little burgundy was so much better when aldo owned it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! both online and in-store.to keep it short , great quality , fair pricing with reasonable sales , quick shipping , cool staff and they even offer any time returns . no 7-14 day max , so long as the shoes are unworn , in their original packaging and with an original receipt , they will take them back ! awesome for someone like me who always goes past the return dates : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm disappointed that we were n't able to see the museum today . it should be advertised somewhere that this place is closed in the summertime .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great example of 1928 trolley that ran on the streets of phoenix . learn about the development of the city along the lines of the street car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great museum ! make plans to attend on saturdays from october to the first saturday in may .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moin moin , preis- leistung sehr gut . sehr sch\u00f6nes zimmer als appartment mit k\u00fcchenzeile , k\u00fchlschrank und mikrowelle . die sauberkeit und der sehr gepflegte bauliche zustand ist toll . tiefgarage im haus . fr\u00fchst\u00fccksbuffet super . komme jederzeit gerne wieder .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "von aussen eher mieser eindruck . aber zimmer top , sogar mit mikrowelle , kochstelle und k\u00fchlschrank . dusche ok. fr\u00fchst\u00fcck top . tiefgarage gratis . wlan gratis . verdunklungsm\u00f6glichkeit im zimmer nicht optimal . 72 eur sind v\u00f6llig angemessen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent accommodation for long or short stay . some rooms are maisonett ( two floors ) which makes it seem far more like home . many many balconies throughout to include many of the rooms . all employees speak both german and english . immediately outside the hotel is a bus stop the can take you where you need to include the u bahn . breakfast high quality and very fresh with german fare . most impressive though are the attention to decor and the daily maintenance of this . also directly located in a quiet village near everything ; pubs , grocery store , bakery , restaurant , shops , coffee bar , and more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who 'd have thought that one day in the point , there 'd be such a place ? i was in the laundromat next door , this past summer , and the delicious aroma wafting from this place certainly did not have me focusing on my laundry ! i decided to take a quick peek and ask the proprietor what she was cooking , and she graciously told me it was chorizo quiche ; unfortunately , i do n't eat pork . no matter ; there are delicious other quiches , as well as yummy soups , sandwiches , croissants , and a small gourmet grocery section as well.she even has the famous arhoma boulangerie deliver their bread to her establishment , so now all one has to do is place his her order with her and the bread will be reserved . ( specialty breads in particular ) .sundays are brunch days . great to finally have a place like this in the neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! stopped in on a rainy sunday and ordered the eggs florentine , it came out perfectly cooked , with just enough hollandaise , and lots of spinach . this came with wedged roasted potatoes , and really fresh fruits . the service was fast and really warm and welcoming , and the hot chocolate i had was rich and creamy . i ca n't find one thing wrong with this place , so it is an easy recommendation , they also had take away food , and judging from what we ate , it must be good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for breakfast coffee & treats while visiting montreal ; i think it was their opening week . everything was delicious and the almond croissant to die for ! the owner lady ( i think she 's the owner ) is so incredibly sweet , she let me take pictures , and even made the pastry chefs put out more pastries for the photo , so sweet & welcoming ! the place is also very cozy ! ( actually my profile pic was taken there ! ) bonne chance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place with ready to go meals that are all fresh and prepared with local produces . this place is a great addition to the neighborhood with great healthy tasty food . traditional quebec fare and other great meals to go are cooked fresh daily . they also carry bread from a neighborhood bakery that are quite good . they carry quiche , bread , sandwiches , croissant ... and recently we tried a great `` p\u00e2t\u00e9 de foie aux figues '' that was sublime . a place to visit for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really liked the place ! nice spaghetti sauce for take-out , and they have an interesting selection of wine from a private importer . i 'll go back for lunchs , or for a quick grab of food for supper , for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really do n't want to , but i have to knock a star off this place . the last time we stopped by the service was just terrible . not normal montreal passive terrible but actually so bad that it was noticeable and really took away from the whole thing . also , while the menu is still interesting , the food was n't that great this time . it was much closer to average diner fare . i 'm really hoping that this place gets itself together though because i still think it has potential to be super cool and delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'ai ador\u00e9 la tarte \u00e0 la lime ! je la recommande fortement ! il n'y a plus les pains du club produktif , dommage !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "returns are impossible . if you buy it , ya better make sure you like it , cause they are n't taking it back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still as awesome ! ! ! which is a plus and more than i can say compared to other businesses years down the line that went downhill . the great thing about the owner is that a year ago my husband made a comment complaining about them being closed every time we decided to go and till this day he remembers us and comments about it and it makes us laugh . i 'm excited for this summer to try the new flavors they will come up with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't come to kem coba for gelato , ice cream or sorbet because it was freezing outside.. but trust me their chocolate is so good ! right when i walked in ngoc offered me those chocolate to try ... matcha is just so good ... have this sesame crunch and yes i was sold there and brought a bar for myself ! the white chocolate coconut has really delicate flavour without being too sweet ! and all those cartoon like chocolate as they are having a safari theme ... so adorable ! my friend have to drag me out of the store before i started loading up of all these sweet . i did come back again the next day for more samples ... : ) and said hi to the owners ... maybe i have to plan my route to stop by everyday next time when i am in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : amazing ! original flavors , real ingredients , let the magic of kem coba seduce you . the rotation of different soft serve and ice creams will keep attracting you back but the taste never disappoints~ service : very friendly and the owners are always smiling~ bonus~ value : comparable to other ice cream parlors ambiance : more like an open door counter , no interior seats , take and go~ always a line-up beware !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like that they offer to taste two flavors before you can make up your mind . that 's also hard for me to decide because i want them all . their ingredients are one of the best . there are mint leaves for a mint flavor and tea leaves in chai one . you can feel all the natural flavor from the fresh ingredients instead of the synthesized chemicals . one thing i do n't like is that they only accept cash . i can understand if the price is very low and they probably tend to avoid the credit card processing fee but the price is n't that low . you can at least set a minimum amount for customer to use the cards . please ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh wow les cr\u00e8mes glac\u00e9es sont incroyables chez kem coba , il y a des saveurs vraiment originales comme corosol , feuilles de pandan , fromage de ch\u00e8vre et griottes , etc.. super bon ! ! 3,46 $ le petit pot , possible d'y mettre 2 saveurs ! a essayer absolument !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'avais tellement entendu parler de cet endroit devenu une r\u00e9f\u00e9rence dans l'art de savourer le cornet glac\u00e9 que lorsque je suis pass\u00e9 devant ce soir , j'ai succomb\u00e9 \u00e0 la tentation.tout est charmant ici : la d\u00e9co de ce petit commerce rue fairmount , les deux proprios , qui m'ont fait un brin de jasette et \u00e9videmment , les plaisirs glac\u00e9s . la qualit\u00e9 et l'originalit\u00e9 sont au rendez-vous : combien de bars laitiers font leur propres m\u00e9langes de cr\u00e8me glac\u00e9e-sorbet avec des ingr\u00e9dients de qualit\u00e9 ? aujourd'hui , j'ai d\u00e9gust\u00e9 une petite coupe de cr\u00e8me glac\u00e9e molle ( chocolat noir \u00e0 72 % et framboise ) mon verdict ? c'est tellement bon et frais en bouche que j'en veux \u00e0 tous les jours ! une chance que je n'habite pas dans le quartier , sinon ... attention ! c'est tr\u00e8s achaland\u00e9 par moment , alors armez-vous d'un peu de patience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i heard about kem coba from a friend who said `` you have to go to this place ! '' ok ! i tried twice and both times it was closed and i became obsessed , all i could think about was how badly i needed to taste their creamy dreamy ice cream . 3rd time 's a charm and i got salted butter and chocolate combo . diviiine . my boyfriend got the masala chai ice cream which was also quite tasty . looking forward to trying their soft serve . it seems they change flavours quite frequently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mango & grapefruit sorbet : they even will adjust the ratio if you want . i.e. , if you want 75 % mango 25 % grapefruit . alright if you can imagine mangoes and grapefruits in sorbet form , this is what it was . it 's not artificial mango flavor , which do n't get me wrong is also good , but there 's nothing more refreshing than a nice cold mango and here , in sorbet form - what a treat . the grapefruit was just the same ! it was so grapefruity that it was bitter . it 's $ 3.75cad for the smallest size . i ca n't tell if that 's overpriced or not because i 'm so distracted by how good it was . the place : it 's like a nice clean and small ice cream shop counter . but there 's seating outside too , so you can definitely enjoy it outside after . it 's cool though , i guess the owners are vietnamese , so they put out a lot of cool flavors of tropical fruits native to vietnam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply hands down the best ice cream joint in montreal ! creative flavours stemming from the vietnamese french origins of the chefs . you wo n't find your classic vanilla or pistachio flavours here . be prepared to be wowed by flavours such as peanut butter honey , caramel ginger , pandan , durian and other exotic but delectable flavours of asia meeting france . they also serve a swirl ice cream that changes weekly . this week was a swirl of raspberry and dark chocolate . so good ! perfect balance of tart and sweet ! be prepared to wait , usually the line goes around the block . but trust me it 's well worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice . great summer treats . the small size of the shop and lines can be a challenge , i like to go off peak . good flavours , varieties . mile end a great area for food , drink , treats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lovely little ice cream spot . their gelato is home made and refreshing on a hot summer 's day . i had a medium cup with strawberry and earl grey gelato . the staff is super friendly which made the experience delightful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cet endroit est parfait ! les glaces molles sont excellentes . c'est devenu un rdv pour nous , on y retourne \u00e0 chaque nouvelle saveur et c'est un d\u00e9lice ! l'accueil est tr\u00e8s bon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "comment ne pas aimer cet endroit ? les glaces sont incroyables et faites maison . l'\u00e9t\u00e9 , il faut s'armer de patience car les files d'attente sont tr\u00e8s longues . cela vaut amplement la peine , promis ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! delicious ! delicious ! i got the pineapple mint , which itself is absolutely perfect on a warm summer day ! the storefront is eclectic and colorful , and there always seems to be a line of some sort . if you 're in the montreal area , be sure to stop by for some amazing frozen goodness ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kem coba is a cute little vietnamese inspired ice cream joint on fairmount , not far from fairmount bagels , wilensky 's and faberge . it is known for its asian flavours such as pandan ( a leaf often used in south east asia that has a subtle creamy taste ) , durian ( a fruit known to have a strong odour ) , etc . they also offer a two flavoured soft serve that changes every few weeks . the flavours are authentic and the ice-cream is great ! i highly recommend the soft serve ! cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just delicious & amazing ! for sure one of the best icecreams i 've ever had . you would think the chocolate flavoured one would be just like any other ice cream , but no , it 's just so strong but so so good ! my brother had the new york cheesecake with strawberries and oh-my-god , it was like eating a cheesecake . kem coba is a spot to go after dinner , or anytime you are craving icecream !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have read the reviews i could n't believe what difference an ice cream can have from others till i tasted it but really something different true flavors and true ingredients very delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we all scream for ice cream ! ! ! absolutely the best ice cream shop in mtl ! must try their la dua , indian spice one and their special soft serve lychee and rose flavouring . sooo good ! they 're flavours are different , the ice cream is light , flavourful and creamy enough for my liking . i do n't give 5 stars easily but kem coba lives up to their expectations . i 've gone there once and been recommending it to all my friends and family . if you have n't gone , go go go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words . salted butter . so divine and creamy . what an awesome flavor ! too bad its out of the way for me to have all the time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably one of the best ice cream sorbet shop in montreal . they carry sorbets and ice cream ( soft and hard ) and the selection varies slightly from day to day . be sure not to miss the salted butter ice cream . even though you will surely have to wait in line , the service is fast . the owner is really friendly and makes you feel welcomed . do not miss it and have your ice cream fix before our summer goes away . bonus points for being located right next to fairmount bagel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken cobra is a heftily frequented iced creamery owned and operated by an east asian family where they have a flavour of the month . that flavour may not come back again all summer . pretty unique little concept . you get your iced creamy goodness and enjoy it outside , striking up conversations with fellow patrons . its a pretty chill local joint , one of a kind , and the gelato quality is solid . not quite to the level of that little italian gelato joint in eaton center but its likely the better one on the plateau . a definite must try when you 're in this end of town . tip : give yourself plenty of time , this place tends to have line ups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the day i went they had a special which they called la passion\u00e9e , which was soft-serve two ways : creamy homemade madagascar vanilla ice cream twisted with sweet and tangy passion fruit sorbet . like a creamsicle taken to a whole new dimension , it was the most refreshingly delicious dessert i had all summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pour moi les meilleures glaces molles de montr\u00e9al . toutes les deux semaines , des nouvelles saveurs toutes plus originales les unes que les autres . sorbet framboise et cheesecake , chocolat noir et framboise , mangue et dulce de leche , orange et coconut ... il parait que la ville a m\u00eame agrandi leur trottoir car trop d'achalandage ! ! ! ( je ne sais pas si c'est vrai , mais \u00e7a ne m'\u00e9tonnerait pas ; ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i 've never been there sooner . their special flavor of the moment was coconut and orange sorbet and oh.my.goodness ... it was delicious ! ! ! the staff members were super friendly and though it was late at night when we went , they still seemed to be enjoying what they were doing and everyone had smiles on their faces and that made me happy : ) if you have n't tried this place , i highly recommend it ! ! ! they change their special flavor every two weeks which i find interesting and fun ! super cute and colorful place . will go back for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think that the ice cream here is really excellent - especially the texture . very smooth , very integrated , very elegant . the flavours rotate frequently so there is a small selection , but come back a few times and you can try many things . i liked the salted butter flavor very much as well as the masala chai and the mango lassi was delicious as well . they feature a soft serve every week . it happened to be vanilla and passion fruit when we were there . the lines can be immense ! i waited fifteen minutes once . but it 's a very montreal setting . benches , flowers , diverse crowd , across from wilensky . there is quite a bit of a romance in this ice cream experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to stop by , since we were in the neighborhood and saw the pictures of kem coba even before we made it to montreal . the wait in the line that snaked on to the sidewalk was well worth it , even on a really hot day . i sampled the masala chai and was sold on it . thanks to the well balanced creaminess with the spices , i would have thought this was the best scoop of icecream ever , if i did n't get to get a bite of the salted butter ! it 's the salt and sweet ! perfectly balanced , with a good flavor of butter . overheard that this is the third best icecream shop in quebec . probably true and definitely well worth the hype . stop by if you are in town even on a short trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! our only worthwhile stop when we visited montreal early august . the long lineup seems intimidating , but it moves quickly . i tried a few flavours that day and all was enjoyable , except i chose the wrong combination . flavours : pandan - very aromatic with the distinct pandan scent . it was my favourite flavour for that day honey - it might have faired better if i did not choose that along with pandan as it did not hold up too well against the more aromatic pandan . despite that , it was still rich and creamy . soursop - it had a nice sour punch that i would have preferred along with the pandan flavour . overall i loved this shop and would make another stop if i am ever in the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for some ice cream after supper , their soft serve is legendary . they have a weekly rotating soft-serve . for which they are rightfully famous for , it is usually a soft served ice cream and a soft served sorbet . the flavours are usually always amazing . i went to this place at least once a week during the summer . the scooped ice cream are also delicious . the chocolate is delicious , unctuous , and full of chocolate flavour . the pandan flavour taste like the real thing . the vietnamese coffee really taste like the real stuff , albeit a bit too sweet for my personal palette . great place in general .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ice cream i have ever had in my life . banana ice cream & mango sorbet soft serve = holy magic . my boyfriend and i waited in line for 15 minutes and it was worth every moment . believe the hype .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there was a line when i arrived but it did n't take too long . seemed to be a fun place with its decor and surroundings . i ordered their special swirl of `` la latina '' , which is mango sorbet and dulce de leche and thought it was excellent ! not a life-changing experience as some others here noted but very good in flavor and freshness . also sampled the chai tea and the vietnamese coffee ice creams , which were also good . a bit on the pricey side at $ 4.85cad and more importantly , cash only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , kem coba serves the best ice cream i have ever had . homemade ice cream does not get any better than kem coba ! the lineup was all the way to the edge of the street . we waited for almost 15 minutes . it costs a little more than your average ice cream store , but it was worth every penny ! the ice cream is fresh , the flavors are unique , the owners are extremely sweet ! forget your diet plans ! you have to try the masala chai with the burnt butter - 2 scoops of heaven.the soft serve of the day was coconut ice cream with orange sorbet , i hesitated with the flavor profile , but admittedly , i was completely wrong . it was the best soft serve i 've ever had as well - and believe me , i love ice cream ! p.s . fairmount bagels is next door ! do n't forget to pick up the best bagel in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners are fantastic and gave a brief history about the name and how they got started . they take pride in their craft and it 's evident . their sorbets and soft-serves are legendary ! a must if you 're traveling to montreal ! my favorite was their raspberry and pandan sorbets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best . unique flavours , perfectly executed . i had the creme fraiche and the vietnamese pandan dessert - to die for ! there 's usually a line up but it moves along quite quickly . i love that you can sample flavours before choosing as well . a must when you are in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a sunny day with high hopes that my life would be changed by kem coba . i think my expectations were too high when i came here , but i still did enjoy their sorbet . they have quite the range of flavours of ice cream and sorbet . their flavours change frequently and they do have special monthly flavours . i sampled the palm leaf flavour and it was pretty good ( quite exotic ) . i ended up deciding on the blackberry sorbet . the sizes range from cup size ( red , green and blue ) . i got the green which is a medium . it ended up costing $ 4.75 . the blackberry was a bit too sweet in my opinion . it tasted good , but was too sweet . i have a sweet tooth , but it was too sweet for me . i will definitely come back again to try their ice cream next time ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love how creative they are with their flavours : salted butter , vietnamese coffee , soursop , lime and mint , the list goes on . their soft serve special of the day , `` la romantique '' , was a lychee and raspberry sorbet swirled with rose ice cream . beautifully colored and while the rose on its own was for me more fragrant than tasty , it balanced out the tart sorbet beauuuutifully . soursop sorbet and vietnamese coffee sorbet game also strong . mini cones also available for kiddies and perhaps people who ca n't choose ( they limit you to two samples ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get what ever is the special . for us it was the rose , lychee , strawberry and it was a revelation . also had the matcha which was very good as well . great selection of flavors that are not typical so that is the best thing . there is also the `` cache '' of the place . there is always a line but it moves well and always a good people watching spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about this ice cream shop . the key lime mint was exactly what i needed on a warm montreal evening . any place with a line is worth the wait . i wish i lived in montreal , i would frequent this spot ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's cute , they have amazing flavours , and it 's worth the price . whether you go out on a limb with lychee or la dua pandan , or traditional with strawberry or chocolate , you are guaranteed a quality scoop ( or two ) . the lines can get intensely long , but the sweat you 'll work up will just make the treat at the end all the more welcome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vielleicht ein schlechter tag beim kellner . service bescheiden . hauptgang gut . vorspeise war eher tot in der friteuse . da gibt es bessere inder in stuttgart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bin gerade von da gekommen und \u00fcberlege mir , was ich wohl schreiben soll . vielleicht ganz am anfang , dass man gut tut , dort zu reservieren , da das restaurant fast voll war und wir ohne reservierung sicher keinen platz mehr bekommen h\u00e4tten . oder dass die einrichtung noch viel der ehemaligen weinstube hat . oder dass es unter der woche einen mittagstisch und auch abendbuffet gibt . aber in ein restaurant geht man ja auch zum essen und da haben wir uns etwas mehr `` exotik '' vorgestellt , als wir dann erhalten haben . und nachdem es mir auch etwas langsam gegangen ist , kommen am schluss eben nur 3 sterne raus . das essen war schon gut , aber nicht super . die linsensuppe ist aber eine empfehlung wert . leider stinken die klamotten nachdem man dort war . mit den \u00f6ffis kommt man via haltestellen charlottenplatz , hauptbahnhof oder staatsgalerie hin , muss aber in jedem fall noch 5min laufen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service : totalausfall . so etwas habe ich noch nie erlebt . wir w\u00e4ren beinahe in die k\u00fcche , um uns selbst zu kochen und unsere getr\u00e4nke zu holen . essen : sehr durchschnittlich und daf\u00fcr teuer . insgesamt indiskutabel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "war heute im prince of india ... lokal riecht total verm\u00fcffelt also setzten sich mein freund und ich lieber raus auf die `` gartenbestuhlung '' welche eher st\u00fchle ( verdreckt ) neben der hauptstra\u00dfe waren aber gut ... . der kellner schaute mir zur begr\u00fc\u00dfung erst einmal auf die brust was mir so peinlich war , dass ich ihn nicht mehr anschauen wollte . das essen : linsengericht als vorspeise war insgesamt gut , etwas fad und vorallem nicht hei\u00df ( mikrowelle ) hauptgericht : mixes tandori , mein freund chicken massala . beides war gut , ebenfalls nicht hei\u00df und etwas zu wenig ( preis - leistung ) fazit : das erste und letzte mal ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir waren zu besuch in stuttgart und wollten indisch essen gehen . wir fanden dieses restaurant wir waren schon draussen irritiert , als wir drinnen waren erinnerte mich nichts an ein indisches restaurant eher an eine kneipe weinstube nur der kellner erinnerte mich an ein indisches restaurant . der kellener war mehr mit seinen bekannten besch\u00e4ftigt lies sich kaum blicken , man musste ihn schon suchen gehen . das essen war eine katastrophe , die fr\u00fcchte ihm gericht waren aus der dose ( fruchtcocktail ) und schmeckte nach nichts . der reis roch nicht und das brot hat auch nicht gechmeckt . in jedem anderen indischem restaurant bekommt man papadoms als kleine vorspeise vom haus , hier muss man daf\u00fcr bezahlen . mehr als nur schlecht , und im bestellten wein schwam etwas , daher lies ich ihn zur\u00fcck gehen . auch zum bezahlen musste man den kellner suchen gehen , er schein \u00fcberhaupt kein interesse zu haben ! nie wieder !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nach einigen frustrierenden besuchen im ganesha haben wir im prince of india unseren absoluten lieblingsinder gefunden . das essen ist jedes mal lecker gewesen ( bis auf einmal , da wars unglaublich scharf ) , wir holen uns dort regelm\u00e4\u00dfig lamm madras und bhuna zum abendessen ab genial ! der service ist auch okay , das lokal selbst ist halt ein ehemaliges schw\u00e4bisches restaurant das schadet dem hervorragenden essen aber sicher nicht !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren zu viert im prince of india . obwohl das restaurant fast voll war , haben wir direkt einen tisch f\u00fcr 6 personen bekommen , an dem wir dann auch ordentlich platz hatten . die auswahl auf der karte ist sehr vielf\u00e4ltig aber nicht \u00fcberladen . nach der getr\u00e4nkebestellung , bei der auch noch auf unseren sonderwunsch eingegangen wurde , folgte nach ca . 20 minuten das essen . die speisen waren sehr schmackhaft und reichlich . der reis war hervorragend und duftete sehr angenehm . wir erhielten auch noch nan brot mit 3 verschieden saucen . als das brot und reis zu neige ging , wurde sofort nachgebracht ohne aufforderung . der service war immer prompt und freundlich . positiv herauszustellen war , dass f\u00fcr das nan brot und den reis nachschlag nichts in rechnung gestellt wurde . das ist heute nicht mehr selbstverst\u00e4ndlich . das restaurant prince of india kann ich unbedingt weiterempfehlen , daher top bewertung mit 5 sternen . nachtrag : leider mu\u00df ich einen stern abziehen da einem freund brutalst schlecht wurde nach einem besuch beim prince of india . inzwischen geht es ihm besser .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nach einem fehlstart bei rocco ( siehe dort ) sind wir beim prince of india gelandet . die reservierung war sehr kurzfristig , trotzdem bekamen wir schnell einentisch und wurden sehr freundlich bedient . wir hatten die verschiedensten vor- und hauptspeisen , alle waren lecker und unterschiedlich im geschmack . nur die in der karte als scharf bezeichneten gerichte h\u00e4tten etwas mehr sch\u00e4rfe vertragen , waren eher mittelscharf vielleicht sollte man das bei der bestellung gleich sagen , wenn man es gerne richtig scharf mag . jedenfalls war unser abend dann doch noch gerettet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allgemein allgemein , unsere besuch war ok ok. das essen war lecker und genug . wir waren zufrieden mit indisches essen in deutschland . bedienung es war wirklich gut . sie haben sehr oft uns gefragt wenn wir etwas brauchen oder wenn wir das essen gef\u00e4hlt haben , usw . im ende sie hatten uns sch\u00f6ne gl\u00fcckw\u00fcnsche gegeben . das essen es war ok ok. essen war gut aber war nur nord indisches menu . es k\u00f6nnte besser sein , wenn sie einige s\u00fcdindische gerichte zu kochen . das ambiente es war wirklich gut . es war eine alte indische k\u00f6niglichen stil thema . die musik war sehr entspannend . aber , es noch besser sein k\u00f6nnte , wenn sie neue bollywood-songs auch in ihrer playlist einf\u00fcgen . sauberkeit es war wirklich gut.sie hatten wirklich sehr sch\u00f6ne anordnung . tische waren sauber und gut eingerichtet . die toiletten waren sehr sauber . wir konnten keine chance gehabt , in die k\u00fcche zu anschauen , aber wir hoffen , dass sie halten sauberkeit in der k\u00fcche auch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allgemein es war meine erste ber\u00fchrung mit der indischen k\u00fcche , und bestimmt nicht die letzte.wir waren mit 4 personen im prince of india und haben nat\u00fcrlich gegenseitig von unseren speisen probiert.ausnahmslos alle gerichte schmeckten komplett unterschiedlich , obwohl es 3 mal huenchen gab , aber dennoch war jedes einzelne gericht f\u00fcr sich recht schmackhaft und \u00e4hnelte in keinster weise dem anderen gericht.das ambiente finde ich pers\u00f6nlich wirklich nett . es war mal eine gastst\u00e4tte , aber diese wurde mit m\u00fche und vielen kleinen details indisch umgestaltet und strahlte daher eine gewisse gem\u00fctlichkeit aus . die kellner inhaber sind angenehm zur\u00fcckhaltend und sehr freundlich , die preise angemessen.. das prince of india kann ich nur weiterempfehlen ! bedienung die kellner inhaber sind angenehm zur\u00fcckhaltend und sehr freundlich das essen die gerichte wirklich sehr schmackhaft , an zutaten wurde nicht gegeizt das ambiente das ambiente gemuetlich mit vielen indischen details sauberkeit sehr gut", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wenn uns ( 3 pers . ) nicht ein `` veganer '' freund mit ins prince-of-india genommen h\u00e4tte , w\u00e4ren wir wahrscheinlich niemals dort gelandet . wir kannten die ehemalige weinstube von fr\u00fcher . die deko hat sich schon ver\u00e4ndert , die luft empfand ich beim eintritt schon etwas heftig . wir konnten das essen und den aufenthalt sehr genie\u00dfen . sehr aufmerksamer , unaufdringlicher service . zeit hatten wir sowieso genug mitgebracht . die gerichte ( gem\u00fcse , huhn ) waren alle sehr lecker zubereitet . beilagen wurden nachgereicht . zum klamotten-l\u00fcften haben wir anschlie\u00dfend einfach eine st\u00e4ffeleswanderung eingelegt . rundum sehr zu empfehlen , auch preislich wirklich ein treffer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad service . we literally had to find a waiter to get seated at our reserved table . we were not asked ( as they do at their main restaurant in mannheim ) how spicey we 'd like our food which resulted in dishes to be sweetish that were marked as `` hot '' on the menu . considering service and quality of the food i think this place is overpriced with main dishes between 13 and 17\u20ac .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "der prince of india kann seine vergangenheit als weinstube nicht verleugnen . die fassartige eingangst\u00fcr bleibt im ged\u00e4chtnis . wir waren jetzt zum zweiten mal hier ... .die bedienung immer freundlich ; allerdings dauert es von der bestellung bis zum essen ziemlich lange ... man sollte also zeit mitbringen ... liegt aber vielleicht auch daran , das die saucen etc . frisch zubereitet werden . zum essen selber ist zu sagen , wir hatten lamm und huhn und als vorspeise gem\u00fcse . wird alles mit saucen und brot serviert und ist von guter frischer qualit\u00e4t . es gibt sogar indisches bier ... dieses schmeckt in richtung jever wem es also nicht st\u00f6rt in einer weinstube zu sitzen und indisch zu essen ist hier gut aufgehoben", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ich war zum ersten mal beim inder . das ambiente l\u00e4sst tats\u00e4chlich etwas zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig , der kellner hat erstmal auf sich warten lassen , bevor wir einen tisch bekamen . der zeitpunkt vom hinsitzen bis zum karte bekommen , bestellen und dann letzendlich mal essen dauerte trotz halbvollem lokal doch \u00fcberdurchschnittlich lange . das essen an sich war schon gut , vorallem die tandoorispie\u00dfe . eine vegetarische pfanne war eher mittelm\u00e4\u00dfig , aber dennoch nicht schlecht . alles in allem geht das sicher noch besser .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while the food does not taste awful , it is very , very far from authentic ( and i had a fair deal of meals in india ! ) . furthermore , also the predicate 'indian ' to the beer and wine is questionable . worst of all , however , was the rude service . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wir bestellten vier verschiedene gerichte , allerdings schmeckten alle gleich.der service dauerte sehr lange . die atmosph\u00e4re entspricht einem schw\u00e4bischen bierhaus und die preise sind gesalzen . das essen lag schwer im magen und uns war sehr schlecht danach . nie wieder !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , taste good . service is not the best . prices are very high . 16,90 euro is much money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "howdy ! some restaurants are destination restaurants , others are worthwhile eating at if you 're in the neighborhood . after having a michigo with onions ( a pogo covered with michigan sauce and onions ) i am seriously contemplating moving to verdun so that i do not have to hike across god 's half acre in order to eat there . it is is better than a destination restaurant , i wish it was my kitchen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bang for the buck . poutine was nice and crispy and lots of cheese , definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hot-dogs in verdun ... . the poutine was great , michigan and club sandwich very tasty ! ! small place though ... 5-6 booths.. friendly staff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bonne poutine et les hot dogs stemae excellent et un service irr\u00e9prochable two thum up ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dirty place but lots of vendors . great deals.. food court as well ... a lot of vintage items . .. only open around the weekends .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay . i enjoy a good thrift store . i can usually find something at goodwill to redo or something . i am not a snobby flea market hipster . this place makes you feel like you 're going to be snatched from the aisle and never be seen again . lots of vendor booths with dust-covered items and weird shit that 's not the good kind of weird shit . like broken shit . i went there to find an old globe which i did find but it took me awhile and i had to keep an eye out because there is so much shit you do n't notice the old man vendor eyeing you up until you 're practically cheek-to-cheek . good luck and godspeed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my review is for dan `` the movie man '' . i 've been stopping by this flea market for several months now , and i always make my way straight to his booth to see if he 's picked up any blank media i can purchase . i 've yet to walk away empty handed . i have visited other booths , but dan is the only person i consistently purchase items from . he truly gets 5 stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go there every once in awhile can pick up some nice deals place is cluttered but hey what do you expect people there seem freindly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hanna has changed my life for the better ! simple changes to my shoe height has alleviated my hip and knee pain . i highly recommend . she is unbelievably knowledgable about the body and listens to your pains and figures out how to fix them with simple changes . my doctor recommended her and i would too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this woman is a healer with the accuracy and detail of an engineer . she can measure and analyze your body and determine minute structural imbalances , the corrections of which can take you from terrible pain to pain free . there is a reason that surgeons send their most difficult patients to her . i have never met a body worker with her gifts . she healed me of years of back pain that did not respond to chiropractic or other modalities . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hanna is always helpful if money is involved . she will welcome you in with open arms and can throw you away with a turn of a head . there are others out there that are just as good without the attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good price on motor rebuild and they had it back within the time they quoted . motor is still strong ! they did n't really clean engine bay like most shops would have when motor is out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great machine shop always quick and professional i would recommend you give them a call do n't waste your time anywhere else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy 's are professionals on what they do ! we had an engine rebuild by them and we could n't be more happier with the results ! would recommend them in a heart beat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service , most reasonable prices from anywhere , and super quick services done . will defiantly be go my back for any of my engine needs . and will defiantly recommend to any one in need of head block resurfacing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see the signage for this new jamaican spot ! i popped in for a solo dinner of beef patty and oxtails . the beef patty was great and i highly recommend it as an app- it 's nicely spicy and the crispy , flaky pocket is n't too thick . the oxtails were a good portion , and meaty , but the sauce was minimal and the robust island flavors i was hoping for were toned down . i was excited about the rice and peas , but found that bland and lackluster . service was polite but location is pretty bare and quiet , needs some sort of decor . i would come back to try another meal of the goat curry or jerk chicken , but will have to ask if they can make it extra spicy or something . there are n't many places in town to get this kind of cuisine , but i was hoping it would be just a little bit better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ran in here in a hurry to grab some food before a meeting . i just assumed because there was a guy standing behind counter that you order at counter . i hope i did n't offend . lol guy very politely told me to sit down and someone would take my order . promptly a woman walked out , got my order and did n't take long to get my food . great food ! i got brown stew chicken meal and it was excellent . huge plate of meat plus rice and beans , veg , and a plaintain . yummy . meat was falling off the bone . the waiter was quick and friendly . and cute ! haha this place is also close to my home so i 'll have to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i ordered take-out from here last night . i ordered ox tails , rice n beans , steamed veggies and plantains . my husband ordered curry goat , with the same sides . we both also ordered beef patties . the food here is amazing ! ! really authentic , the best jamaican cuisine i have had in vegas . they give large portions , which shocked me . mostly when i order an oxtail plate i get about 2 . we both had leftovers . the beef patty is spicy , and very delicious . however if you do n't like a lil spice , u may not like it . the food was also very hot , and fresh . by the time we drove home our plates were still piping hot . i have absolutely no complaints , we will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tasting , large portions , reasonably priced , friendly and accommodating service . it 's real deal jamaican cuisine so if you like authentic tasting jerk or curry you can do a lot worse . my wife had the oxtails which were savory and ready to fall off the bone tender ( not spicy ) . i had the jerk pork and took an order of jerk chicken home for later . topped dinner off with rum cake and blue mountain coffee . best of all they 're located just a few blocks down the street from us . looking forward to our next visit so i can try the short ribs or curry goat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was nothing short of just being incredible ! from the minute we walked in - the smell was wonderful and the food smelled so delicious and it tasted even better ! i got the jamaican jerk chicken- my better half got the oxtail and of course wrote dinner we got chicken and beef patties ! ! ! not to mention we got a bomb rum cake ! ! ! overall everyone was so nice and sweet- we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place came highly recommended and i was not disappointed . great service , absolutely delicious food , and ginger beer ! i ordered a combo plate with oxtail and curry goat . i also got a beef patty . everything was cooked to perfection , spicy and served hot . we got our food to go and when we got home ( about 25-30 minutes later ) the food was still hot . totally worth the drive . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing and its a nice environment . also everything complimented each other", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here three times . love it every time . the staff are lovely . the quality of the food is consistent and good . there is complimentary wifi which is a bonus . great place to sit , relax , stream your favorite show and enjoy a great meal . i 've only had the oxtails with peas & rice and veggies . great portions . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently good food . ordered via uber eats almost every other day ! finally went down and the restaurant is clean and staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the jerk chicken which was really good and my boyfriend ordered the oxtails which were to die for . nothing to complain about here . i think i found my new jamaican food spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service ... enjoyed the oxtails and curry chicken . food portions were satisfied ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is very clean . located in a nice section of town . the staff is very friendly . and the food was really good . the prices are reasonable and the service is moderately fast . for a more detailed review afrovegas.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time ever eating jamaican food ordered the oxtail dinner was super good . the meat was nice and tender and had lots of flavor , rice was good , veggies were good , and also really like the plantains as well . will be coming back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was delicious ! i made the drive from the nellis afb and it was definitely worth it ... good portions size too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the curry goat , not bad . nothing to complain about . food tasted fresh . much better than tasty island . and the customer service was much better . i would go back and try something diffrent . being that this is vegas its good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty tasty . i had the oxtail and they were good . had enough for lunch , dinner and another lunch . i 'll be back to try the meat patties and other caribbean dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family is from trinidad so i 'm used to good west indian food , but after moving to vegas i was never able to find anything that reminds me of home . the one jamaican place on flamingo was n't good at all , at all at all , but paradise place was everyting for my soul ! ! ! ! if you 're looking for quality caribbean food , no matter what island you originate from , paradise place will not disappoint ! been here 3 times already and i 'm going back today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a jamaican living here in vegas you always wish there was just one spot that you am hoping to to provide some authentic food . im happy to have found this place . was listed under the new and hip category here on yelp and i had to check it out . looking at the pictures i was pleased and drove straight there . the place is a , typical strip mall eatery . but they had reggae music playing in the background which was nice . menu was full of options too . my only complaint , which i told the owner was that he needed to get some front of house help . he was the host , waiter , cashier and busser all in one . so i get bad for him running around like that . friday night and all . but , the food was amazing and i 'll definitely return . i was very pleased with the food that we got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "( hidden gem ) ! ! ! ! really good food ! ! i ordered two meals.. oxtail and the fish plate . it was amazing.. the thing i like most about these type of caribbean restaurants ... .you know it 's family own so they care about the way the food taste . momz was in the back cooking real caribbean food ! the amount was great ! ! ! i mean there was allot of food.. just the way i like it ! ! ! ! i told most of my friends and co workers.. i will have to check the menu again to see if there is a lunch menu.. i would love to take my co workers there ! ! ! ! this place is really a ( hidden gem ) ! ! ! you must try at least once ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered jerk chicken , decent portion but meat was dry . rice and veggies were on point . growing up in the tri-state area where jamaican food is abundant , and you can get jerk chicken frrrresh at anytime - it 's painful to go to a caribbean restaurant west of the mississippi and have expectations .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the short ribs , red beans and rice , and veggies . very good ! ! ! the service was a bit slow and we had to look for our server a couple times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg yass so good i had the oxtails and rum cake really tasty and so tender the rice and beans cooked perfect i cant wait to try some more dishes yum yum ill b back again forsure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a newbie to las vegas , and it took me a couple months to find the right studio for me here . so , i tried the green room pilates and loved it from the start . cat , the owner , is an excellent instructor . since it had been a loooong hiatus for me , her level 1 class was perfect -- she cued my body into the right positions , and was so great at correcting my form ( and other students ) . she is super sweet and professional , which is one of the many reasons i kept returning for more classes . i 've taken shelley and kelly 's classes too , who are also both excellent fun instructors . if you have n't tried pilates , or had n't done it in a while , i recommend taking at least one private session . they use the stott machines , which is very similar to the balanced body machines i was used to . the studio is clean and inviting , and you would not regret giving this place a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the studio is amazing ! i have been suffering from back pain for years but now with the help of pilates , i do n't suffer any longer . i recommend this studio for anyone that wants to get in shape and move freely without pain . i have been to a few studios in las vegas but this one is the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cat is amazing ! ! she works with all skill levels and is an expert at what she does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this studio is great , the instructor is amazing , they offer great variety of classes suited for your level..thinking to try ? ? ? you will have a great experience there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "multiple business names . star point resorts , geo holidays , geo vacation club , sapphire vacations , multiple addresses , multiple phone numbers . their tactics start and end with confusion and no real free anything . you have 5 days to cancel if you fell for it . or do n't fall for it in the first place . do a quick search of this before you buy into their tactics .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please do your research on all the below business names before doing business with them . if you purchased with them , you have 5 days to cancel , make sure to do your research on them before that time ends . be weary of your cancelation and make sure that you have everything documented that it was canceled . do n't take their word that it was . they lie , cheat , steal , and will do anything and everything they can to , even fraudulent to make money . they ca n't be trusted . there are a lot of other time share companies out there -- do your research and do business with someone else . sapphire resorts group , inc. starpoint resort group , inc. geoholiday resorts , inc. las vegas , nevada to avoid bad publicity on old company names they keep changing their name !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a typical timeshare where they try to sell you on using the resorts and have the 10,000 point package or 20,000they try to sell you on . one of the their selling points is the extra vacations through rci . they say the extra vacations start at $ 249 for 2 bedroom , then $ 349 for 3 bedroom and $ 449 for 4 bedroom . that 's more the exception than the norm . there are very few resorts with those prices . on top of that you can only use those for very few specific dates . they use very deceitful sales practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a con job was offered 5000 points for $ 5000 . you ca n't even get a week anywhere for 5000 points - off season in colorado is 6000 . rci will convert the 5000 at .05 a point - $ 250 ! over 40 years you could get your money back but there is a $ 250 annual maintenance fee so it 's a wash and you are still out $ 5000 . do n't do it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to a presentation back in october 2016 . everyone was very friendly and informative ! bought a program for me and my family at a really good price . since being a member of rci we have gotten so many discounts on airline tickets that alone has helped us so much being we have 3 kids ! we went to disneyworld for the first time ever in february and it was the best time of our lives ! ! ! we stayed at a property in disney at saratoga springs and got all the extra benefits from staying inside the park . this is something we would n't of been able to afford i am so happy my husband and i did this for our family . we finally get to bring our kids places we thought we 'd never see and stay in really amazing rooms : ) it felt so good showing my family pictures from disney and seeing my kids faces : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location . view of the bellagio fountains is unsurpassed . sales people are very friendly . unlike what we were expecting after reading the reviews . some people see mud while others see rainbows . i 'd definitely recommend this experience to a friend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got dragged in ... and it 's annoying , but workable to get away eventually . they use high-pressure sales tactics , but for me , backed down when i mentioned knowing somebody who had used them under a previous name ( tone changed to `` well , that 's why they do n't exist anymore , '' at which point i pointed out that 10 seconds on google said otherwise , and they gave me my tickets to get me out of there [ i have a loud voice , and i 'm sure several people heard me ] ) . tickets for the shows were fine ( although i imagine 2 of the 3 could likely be obtained for free ) . restaurant voucher was for restaurants.com . feel free to google that if you do n't already know how worthless that is . i 'm scared for those they convince to actually buy ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a scsm ! they wasted 2 hours of our time . please read the reviews before giving them your money ! they promised us second row seats to zumanity but all of their vouchers are reserved for the balcony ! ! we did n't purchase a time share because it sounded too good to be true . i 'm certain that its worth less than it cost because the price went from $ 10,000 to $ 1300 when they realized we were n't stupid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saving money and traveling a lot . if you 're going to be vacationing , this is a must . we went to lake arrowhead and had a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to be honest i did not have the highest expectations going into the visit . i was hopeful for a clean room and pleasant staff and instead was blown away by the customer service , hotel upgrades and appearance of the hotel . shelley both took our reservation as well as greeted us when we arrived and was absolutely wonderful . she was pleasant and accommodating and treated us wonderfully . the room was very clean and totally quiet . breakfast was hot and again the staff was very nice , although definitely hustling . after this visit i would definitely recommend the hotel to guests from out of town , family or just a night away . great job holiday inn ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed at this hotel and did not sleep much ! rooms were fine and staff were pleasant but with the bar lounge attached to the hotel there were drunk people and fights happening all night long ! next time i will stay at a hotel that does not have a lounge ! also , breakfast is a little tricky ! it 's continental set up and quality but at the end they ask you if you want separate checks ! it cost $ 10 plus to eat the `` breakfast buffet ! '' not worth it ! save your money and hit up mcdonald 's !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "checked in for one night while traveling through the area . the staff was courteous , the facilities were clean , and the mattresses were comfortable . wifi was decent . for the price , though , breakfast should have been included , but you have to pay extra for it at their restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have stayed here 3 nights , first as a couple and then with a group of youth from our church . each time we received excellent service . the front desk was not only helpful but when beyond duty to meet our needs . the chef came in early to get a warm and delicious breakfast ready for our group so that we could leave on our journey a little before regular breakfast hours . and , besides the service , we found the rooms clean and nicely decorated , the beds comfortable with crisp white sheets , and everything you would expect from a more expensive hotel . this was a great value for the price . we will be staying here again and recommending to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised . clean , classy and fresh interior . comfortable beds , pillows and friendly staff . minus a star for $ 10 hot breakfast bar , which at many other places are included with the stay . eggs tasted dry and processed , pancakes were heavy and tough . also , if you 're right next to an elevator , it can be noisy early on . otherwise , it 's quite pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently staying at the hotel . my son locked the door to the bathroom . we 've tried to unlock it with the success , so i called the front desk . it 's now been over 30 minutes and no one had come up . we 've had to go to the bathroom in the lobby . some of our clothes are locked inside the bathroom and we 're now late .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my kindle fire go missing from my room . the hotel staff did n't seem to take it very seriously and the gm was condescending . said she submitted it to corporate and the insurance company would be contacting me . i 'm here for work and am not pleased this happened . otherwise i would have given the hotel 4 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "2 spiders in my room upon arrival . some days they have breakfast , some days you have to order from the menu . overall kind staff except one lady . do n't expect a receipt from them if you purchased the rooms through expedia or any other online website due to hotel policies . very inconvenient for the frequent business travel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a perfect venue for a wedding . the staff is great and very helpful . after my sons wedding a young lady helped us to the car with glassware and other items without being asked . the only thing i would suggest is that they reduce the price of the breakfast bar . $ 10 is crazy ... go across the street to bob evans instead . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not a hotel for commuters . i does not have a breakfast even though it is an expensive location . while the rooms are clean and well accessorized and the staff was friendly we had a difficult time trying to log into the wifi and never did until the next morning . i am a priority member but did not receive any recognition of it even having given my card . there is coffee available but there were no lids and taking coffee back to the room was difficult . the management positively responded to my comments but i would probably stay closer to the tollway when passing again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy hell ! ! ! is there any decent chinese food in toronto ? take me back to basic , cheap us chinese food . this place is straight putrid ! only edible item in our $ 40 order was the fried rice . the wontons were especially suspect . $ 6 for a box of greasy old triangles ... some of which had a microscopic bit of `` meat ? ? ? '' in them . the dipping sauce was a congealed red blob . the hot and sour soup was opaque bright orange ... .again lumps of congealed ... .something.. ? ? ? ... in it . could not eat . everything else was crazy bland ... including the human beef supposedly their specialty . for real , i give up on your chinese food canada .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst chinese food i have ever tasted . beef was rubbery . veggies consisted of wilted onions . service was awful . no idea how this place is in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is crap ! not that i am a chinese food expert but i have had my share in my lifetime and this places takes the cake for dead last . only thing that resembled what it 's supposed to taste like was the deep fried wontons . i highly recommend you find an alternative for chineese food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place 0 stars . this was the worst chinese take out i 've ever had . i had to throw away everything nothing was edible ! ! do yourself a favour and stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband an i went there for dinner on thursday and we absolutely hated the food and the service . when noticed human hair floating in my eggdrop mushroom soup , i did n't what to make a scene and just put it away . when waiter came to pick up the dishes and asked me why i did n't touch the soup , i silently pointed him to the hair floating there - you will never guess his answer ... `` why ? it 's ok. you have hair , everyone has hair '' . we just could n't help but laugh at his answer . anyway this was a prelude for a bad dinner , the food was so bad that we barely touched it . we paid for the food ( no tip ) , left , and went to subway next door for sandwiches . here at least , we got what we paid for : - )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nope . do n't like it . not good . we ordered noodles and it was basically ramen , and i ordered a chilli chicken , which did n't have any spice , was too saucy and was more sweet and sour than anything . i did n't finish my food . it was such a waste of my money . i gave the extra star because the boyfriend thought it was meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a disgrace and i 'm amazed how it 's still in business . we ordered knowing that the reviews were bad but figured they were from uptight yelpers with super high standards and couldnt be that bad . you can buy better chinese food from the freezer at the grocery store . the food was barely edible and a total waste of $ 45 . 0 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best delivery in the area ... .shanghai noodles are awsome and chicken fried rice , chowmeinan and wings ... i love the food and delivery is very fast even tho they say 45min its more like 30 or less , 15 $ min for free delivery ya there 5 star no matter what others say you get what you pay for and i am satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bbq ribs i ordered barely had any meat on them . the pork fried rice tasted very bland and hardly had any pork in them . i paid 10 bucks for the dinner special and the food i got was worth 5 bucks tops . 1 star . would 've given it 2 but the tap option did n't even work on their debit machine . your best bet if you 're in the area and want chinese food is to go elsewhere . do n't waste your money at this dump like i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is my go to for chinese food delivery . they are quick , reasonably priced and the food is delicious ! they 've recently re-done the restaurant but i still prefer to take out or get delivery .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i order from here when i work late . it 's mostly because they deliver and it 's very cheap with lots of leftovers . i would say it 's pretty hit-or-miss . there are some items on the menu such as lo mien and fried garlic shrimp which are nothing like what you would expect . ( lo mien was just a cooked ramen noodle and fried garlic shrimp was ... mhmm not juicy jumbo shrimp ) however , i really like the shanghai noodles ( it 's pretty hard to screw up ) and also the dinner for one combos are only $ 7 and come with rice and a main . super convenient for nights when you just want to eat and go to bed but not if you 're looking to impress guests with gourmet cooking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location a couple times , for some fuses that i ca n't find anywhere . the counter staff is pretty young , yet very helpful and courteous . its refreshing to find people who genuinely want to help plus know their products .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the worst experience at rhis radio shack . o bought a soldering gun and it over heated the first 5 minutes of having it and would never get hot again so i took it back the mext day with a receipt and i repackaged it and the people there said they couldnt take it back bexause it looked used i said of course it is the metal is discolored due to the oxidizing the metal thats what happens its completely normal . then she says i cant put that up in the shelf looming damaged i sais why would you it is not working it needs to go back to the manufacturer and she then said it company policy not to take back used electronics ... never again will i shop at radio shack..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "radio shack is closed . turning into sprint store at end of june 2017 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service was spotty and slow . one clerk was helpful ... i bought a phone i did not want by accident . ( my bad , had the same name as my last one ) . so i wanted to return it , and then i was informed there was a 35.00 restocking fee which no one told me about prior to purchasing . really ? ! a 35.00 restocking fee for a 19.99 cell phone ? ! i will never shop with this company again . it would have been easier to just shop online , which is what i ultimately had to do . the company apparently has no consideration for their customers . not recommended at all unless you need something important in the now . if you can wait just order it online and save yourself the time and run around ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great little place to have some seriously good shawarma . something this area has been lacking as the ones i have tried i have not loved . this place was a great value for the amount of food and the quality of food . had chicken shawarma with rice and hummus . everything was delicious . this place also has hookah available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite late night takeout spot . the food is always fresh and light and very flavorful . my go-to dishes are the hummus and the fattoush , but there are many more delicious options . ya hala has a very unique drink made from layered , crushed fruit , pistachios , and fresh cream . delicious and refreshing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good family run mediterranean place . it 's a bit informal setting but food is amazing . love the grill meats . and desserts were clearly fresh made from family recipe ( not too sweet ) . i believe there was hookah available too though i do not order those .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had high hopes for this place as the name 'ya hala ' reminded me of a restaurant in dubai i used to frequent with my family as a child and i thought they opened a location here , that too a 5-10 minute drive from my place . unreal ! ! ! the place is literally unreal ... you walk into what looks like a diner , a few kids running around the place ( family run establishment ) , the food itself we found was very lame for authentic middle eastern food , too much of north american influence ( perhaps due to location in the clarkson port credit area ? ) . very bland food and with equally bland attitude from staff . i must return to the real deal in karama ! this is a knockoff version : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very clean ! great and fun lessons and activities for the kiddos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having my daughter attend here for pre-k was the best decision i could have made ! i was concerned about her attending cta liberty as she was n't as interested in learning compared to my older one and they have an accelerated program . mrs. becker ( and mrs. novak and ga ) not only helped her prepare , she had so much fun ! she was reading by the end of the year ! when she started she did n't even know all her letters and numbers . i am so grateful for the learning and the welcoming environment they create . it is a fun place to be , not just for the kids ! i have a 1 year old and i ca n't wait until she 's old enough to attend . just a little bragging - she transitioned so well to kindergarten she was given an award at the first assembly for her academic and social performance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "superiors ' has given me great reliable service . everything i take always comes back beautiful and on time . i love that they send an email reminder that my clothes are ready !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a year of having my clothes serviced here , i am changing my review . sorry , superior cleaners . you have done me wrong too many times . more than once i have experienced the following : altered items being cleaned but not altered at scheduled pick-up time , credit card machine being down , misplaced items , and pants coming back with creases after i 've asked a dozen times for no crease . each of these missteps has required an additional trip for me and more time waiting for my items . i have no more patience and have taken my business elsewhere . i will miss being greeted with a smile , and the super sweet alteration ladies . sadly , it 's just not enough to keep me coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times and every time the experience has been just a-ok. once there was no attendant , so i thought the place was closed and started to drive off but someone came running out to flag me down . another time they tried to upsell me on a gift card membership and when i declined , they were very cold to me . typically , there are two attendants . once you pay and one that tells you if the car is lined up correctly . it 's an automated wash , so i know what to expect and do n't have high expectations other than `` clean car '' . yes , several times after going through the dry portion my car has n't been fully dried , but i can easily remedy that by hopping on the freeway . additionally , there are free vacuums that can be used and that 's nice . overall , it 's a convenient location and relatively easy to get my car clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first of all i want to say i love cf and have been a loyal fast pass client for over 3 years , but this location misses the mark . it is just a crappy converted gas station car wash. half the car wash you get at the regular clean freak locations . it is a knock off , no comparison to the quality of the other locations . 44th st location is by far the best .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stay away from this place . my car came out looking worse than when it went in with the $ 16 car wash . water spots on all the flat panels , bug splatters on the windshield and some severe scratches on the hood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not only was i scanned on the monthly unlimited car washed because i was told it was interior and exterior included in the price , this location also would not take cash for a was and then proceeded to not allow me to wash my car u less i renewed my membership ! he said that my roof rack was not allowed in their car washes unless i had a monthly membership because it would cause damage to the tunnel . i have never been turned down before by any car wash with my roof rack , including this one . i have also owned car washes and never had any damage to the car wash from any item on a car . is n't it coincidental that it does n't harm the car was if i 'm a member yet it does if i 'm not ? ? gladly driving away with a dirty car ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great ! great wash for a reasonable price ! i 've already been 3 times , and it 's only been open 2 weeks ! i wish the vacuums were of better quality , as it does n't get the dog hair and dust out of my car , but for free vacuums it is reasonable . the customer service is fantastic ! i 'm excited to have such a great car wash at such a convenient location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location does n't really seem like a true clean freak , like the 44th street location , but more like a gas station car wash. you 're in and out of the tunnel within like 2 minutes if not less , it 's the shortest clean freak tunnel i 've been in to date . no air hoses and maybe 6 stalls for to vacuum the inside of your vehicle . i 'll keep going to 44th street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to agree with the majority of reviewers , this location falls way short of the mark . i paid my monthly dues because it was convenient to stop in at lunch . i 've had multiple challenges , from letting cars bump into each other to unprofessional attendants . i just cancelled my membership this week because the attendant became verbally abusive when asked him to leave more space between my car and the next . trying focusing on being a little more customer-service freaky and you 'll keep more customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rip off ! car wash is fine and its nice they have free vacuum . however do n't sign up for the fast pass . they do n't tell you you have to cancel your membership 7 day prior to the end of the month . you wont find this out until you go online to cancel and its too late . they also do n't have a cashier or change machine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . ! pay less than $ 16 a month and can use it as much as i want . i came home from a trip and washed my car there . a few hours later , i parked under a tree and discovered a colossal bird poop running down the side of my car . went and washed it again . then the ha boob came -- washed it again . then my daughter spilled a smoothie inside the car . add the arizona heat and it reeked . went back and added a $ 20 carpet cleaning . waited inside with my kindle and free wi fi and was out in less than 20 minutes . it is quick , cheap , clean and they do a good job . the best part is i do n't have to deal with some high pressured guy trying to sell me a detail service every time i pull in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel is very clean and presentable . sylvie at the front desk was kind and very approachable . the hotel lobby has an art gallery and a local coffee shop with a few alcoholic drinks available . all of their rooms have a full kitchen and washer dryers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in this brand new establishment , it will not be the last for sure . everything is there to enjoy one single or several nights in montreal . very nicely decorated and furnished rooms with local products and furniture . very comfy beds . gym is small but with nice equipment and `` icing on the cake '' a sauna , steam room and spa on the roof top terrace with everything for you to enjoy sunny evenings with friends , family or colleagues . it is also conveniently located to enjoy the best parts of town i will surely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i stayed here over new year 's eve weekend . they had just opened and i believe we were some of the first guests . the room itself was amazing . everything was high-tech , clean , and beautiful , and it really seemed they had put thought into every little detail , down to the tissue boxes ( seriously ) . the owner was also incredibly gracious in accommodating us even though there was a mix-up with our booking on travelocity 's website . with the location of the hotel right in the quartier des spectacles , everything was within walking distance , including a cat cafe ( ! ) , bars , restaurants , and shopping . we will definitely be staying here again on our next trip to montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my cousin and i stayed at boxotel and had a wonderful time ! our room had every amenity , including a washer dryer and fully functional kitchen . it was very quiet and peaceful , though right in the heart of montreal , with plenty of great restaurants , shops and sights within an easy walking distance . the art and decor is really tasteful and the staff is lovely . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome hotel . has parking which is hard to find in the city . walkable to just about everything . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a last minute hotel we needed to stay an extra night , and what a great find it was ! the room was very big compared to where we were down the street , balcony and soaking tub were added bonuses . all features were very new , modern and clean . the full kitchen stocked with supplies was more than i had expected . we did n't get to use the jacuzzi on the roof but looked amazing and would love to return for a winter trip to use it . bed was huge and super comfortable ! it being a murphy bed did not effect anything . coffee shop downstairs was perfect for the mornings ! a little noise in the morning from commuters but not really too bad . it has to be expected staying in a city . only complaint odd thing was one morning someone was working on our door knob key fob entry ... early and without notice . apparently it was broken or giving them problems ? other than that , totally recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nope . i 'm not sure how this place is a town favorite ... but probably because it 's a small town and there are n't a lot of places to eat . this is a frozen food restaurant with an odd sweet sauced side show pizza . we had a meat lovers and a cheese pizza ... but we did n't even bother taking the leftover home . yuck . soggy and the only flavor was the overly sweet sauce . the table was dirty and so were the glasses . our server was rude , seemed annoyed we were there ... uh ... and then we waited a long time for being one of three tables there . uh ... what ? for a hometown restaurant this could be so good ... but the service and the food needs help . rework the menu and hopefully it will be worth trying again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent pizza ! i 'm pretty sure they grind their own sausage here and it is simply delicious . crust is not a deep pan or a thin and crispy , but right in the middle . the sauce is sweet and the cheese is of very good quality . this pizza reminds me of the mom and pop shops i would frequent in chicagoland . highly recommend ! ! ! allow plenty of time for carry out or delivery on weekends as it can take over an hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! filippo 's has the best lasagna i have ever had ! i ca n't find better anywhere , and i have been looking . i try to visit every time i come down from chicago to visit my family . the pizza is great too . really everything i have tried has been amazing . i have , and will recommend this to everyone heading to the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family loves filippo 's pizza , and we like the family that owns and runs it too ( very friendly ) . we often crave this pizza ; i am not sure if the sauce is better , or if the cheese is better . i grew up going to the original filippo 's pizza in monticello , and this pizza is the same . they also have traditional italian dishes , sandwiches , bread sticks , etc . note that they do n't take credit cards , and do n't have fountain drinks , but you can get bottles of soft drinks there . the dining room is small and fills up quickly on weekend nights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best pizza i 've ever had . as many do , they slightly sweeten the pasta tomato sauce . i think it 's fine , but my wife prefers hers without sugar . since we both agree that the pizza is the best , this is not an issue ! not a large dining room , maybe a dozen tables .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this family-owned and family-run small italian restaurant is a best-kept secret in a small town outside of champaign-urbana . while many people in the area say papa del 's is the best pizza , i would vote filippo 's as my favorite . but pizza is only one of the great menu choices . their lasagna is indescribably delicious ! bridgie and jerry paris are the owners ( bridgie 's parents run the filippo 's in monticello ) . their son ( named filippo paris ) is the third generation of an extremely successful small business in a small town . they do n't sell alcohol , but you can bring in whatever you want to drink with your meal . we are frequent patrons , and never tire of this great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after waiting 2 hours for the delivery of our pizza , baked mostaccioli and chicken parmesan i ca n't tell you how disappointed the three of us were . the sauce on all three dishes was sweet and just not good . the chicken was over cooked . there was nothing italian about any of these dishes . my advice is to order a pizza from casey 's . you 'll have it in less than an hour and it is by far a much better pizza . this town is lacking a good , authentic italian restaurant . it 's rather disheartening that the best pizza i can find is at a gas station .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for years . this is n't fancy italian food but good , honest , comfort , family italian . we love their pizzas . they are different than typical pizza - crust is thin but not super thin . sauce is just slightly sweet . their dinners are solid as well and portions are generous . it is amazing what they turn out in their tiny kitchen . order early on weekends or it could take an hour or more . we usually do take out but service is good when we do eat in . best place to eat in mahomet in our opinion . buon apetito !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "filippo 's is , without a doubt , the best pizza in all of champaign-urbana . it is run by a family that relocated from sicily and uses authentic italian recipes . my personal favorite is the spicy chicken pizza . beyond the delicious food , i enjoy supporting a small business run by a local family . filippo 's is a must try if you 're in the chambana area ; it 's definitely worth the drive if you are n't in mahomet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent pizza ! our favorite is the x-large special with extra sauce . we love their sauce as it has a sweet flavor to it . my parents drive an hour and a half to come eat this with us . drinks are kinda expensive if you drink soda , sells by can or 2 liter . my daughter also likes their italian beef a lot . i love the fiery fingers , and we all love the salad . friendly family atmosphere . the cherry dessert pizza is amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have lived in the area for many years . some people swear this is the best pizza ever . i just do n't get it ? in 10 years living here we have tried to give this place a chance several times ( especially when we get tired of the other pizza in town and want something different ) . each time try it , we regret it . the pizza is very sweet . way too sweet to taste like pizza . our kids will eat a bite or two then say they are full ( the same kids that will eat slice after slice of any other pizza ) . the people working there tend to be a bit rude . as if they are doing me a favor by letting me order from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have no clue why people like this place . their pizza sauce is terrible . too sweet . their other food is bad as well . especially the italian beef . it 's gritty and dry . the cheese on our garlic bread was barely melted . the service is n't exactly friendly either . and they still do n't take cards . really ? it 's 2016 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , i ca n't believe i 'm the first to review ! i 've been eating filippo 's pizza and italian food for probably 13 years . i love their pizza , the sauce is amazing , and you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu . i personally recommend their spaghetti with meatballs , or cheese or meat ravioli , as well as their pizza ( i still go for cheese pizza ) . the staff are extremely personable and friendly- go there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is definitely an acquired taste pizza wise as they use a sweet sauce . the best thing i 've found here is hands down the meatball sandwhich ! get it on garlic cheese bread with some jalape\u00f1os and their alfredo sauce on the side ! bridgey is great and the staff feels like family after coming there for years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant ! i had to chuckle at the review about their being closed for vacation . we all hate when they go on vacation ! there 's nothing worse than craving a filippo 's pizza and finding out you ca n't have one . considering this family-run restaurant is open six days a week year-round , though , we have decided it 's ok for them to take a vacation . it makes it all the sweeter when they return . i personally recommend the veal parmesan and the pizza . i really have a rough time choosing sometimes . also , they 're one of the few places that deliver in mahomet , and having a filippo 's pizza show up at your door is always a treat . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closed for vacation until august 24th . what an annoyance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never been a fan but decided to give it another go tonight for dinner . combined we got tortellini , fiery fingers , breadsticks , and a salad . everything was great except for the breadsticks . they.were.horrible . they were like mini loaves of bread ... did n't even seem as if they were cooked to the texture breadsticks are supposed to be . i asked for an exchange for garlic bread ... the waiter said they did n't charge me for the breadsticks but i believe they did anyways but the price of the bill . all in all , better experience than i have had before and i will be back . my fiance loves the place so much so he 's happy i enjoy it : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , best veggie pizza i 've had to date . i must say , it 's important that you like olives ( they use a lot ) , if you want to enjoy the veg pizza . their sauce is amazing . i sometimes ask for extra . i hate when places skimp on pizza sauce ; they do not . it has a hint of sweetness which i love . i 've also tried the mushroom & sausage pizza and the spaghetti . both were delicious . i do n't think you can go wrong with anything on their menu to be honest . i wish they were open on mondays . the wait for delivery can also be a tad long ( averaging around an 1 to an hour and a half ) . but it 's worth the wait ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hawaiian pizza is soooo good . the wait is always worth it . it 's real pieces of ham- not processed cubes of `` meat '' . add that to their fantastic crust and sauce and you 're in pizza heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd give it 2.5 if i could . no beer or wine for sale but you can byob . the pizza was below my expectations , the crust seemed tasteless , and the sauce was too sweet . service also seemed a bit slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love bradbury 's . i live a block away and head here just about every weekend . their crepes are really tasty and their coffee is great , too . i also appreciate that they have fast wifi and even though it can get a little tight ( it 's a small place ) , i 've never not been able to find a seat . plus , the big windows make it the perfect place to absorb a sunny morning and do some people-watching .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's has been rocking my pour over world lately ! my cold brew world too . my muffin world as well . and on some days , my scone world . it 's worth noting their early am hours , as i 'm not sure anything on the square is open 6:30am 7 days a week . today when i rolled up at a quarter to seven , warm cherry walnut muffins were coming out of the oven , trans electric music was blaring , and i felt like as the sun was rising i was in my own arty independent film until a couple came in abut twenty after seven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to go to get my gluten-free crepe fix . sweet or savory , they 've always got options that hit the spot for me . the staff is always friendly , and the beverage options , whether you 're a coffee- or a tea-drinker , are always spot-on ( and local ! ) as well . and i 'm always a fan of places that have non-dairy options for their drinks that are n't soy milk ( # foodallergies ) . my only complaint about the place is how small it is , but that 's also a part of their thing ; just do n't plan on taking a large group of people to eat there unless you 're planning on getting your order to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only hope that one day , bradbury 's will be able to expand into a larger space . i want to curl up here on my computer , but it 's a little cramped . for now , i will embrace it as it is : a lovely spot to discover your love for crepes - savory or sweet , they are complex , delightful creations that pair well with a great pourover . and they are seriously nailing these pourovers . today , it 's an ethiopia guji uraga from ruby roasters in wi . easily the best cup of coffee i 've had in a month . i 'm still hungry after eating a smoked trout crepe , and i have to be somewhere in 20 minutes . good thing they whip them up so quickly and that i wanted to try the dark chocolate and caramel crepe for dessert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love it here . the food is incredibly delicious and well thought out . my husband chose this place for his birthday brunch yesterday and we had an amazing meal . for starters , their coffee is excellent . i do not drink coffee , and enjoy a decaf latte every time i come here . on the other hand , my husband is a coffee fanatic and ended up purchasing espresso beans to take home . then - the crepes . wow . the choices are few , but excellent . we each got an entree crepe and then split a dessert crepe . my husband got a ham , egg , gruyere , buckwheat crepe with whole bean mustard . i got a potato , spinach , egg , and parmesan crepe with a carrot cashew pate on top . for dessert we got the dark chocolate , caramel , banana , pecan crepe . the service is friendly and the space , although small , is well optimized . plan on a bit of a wait for seating for larger parties . seating is somewhat communal , which is nice . well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free double espresso every monday through thursday in february ? ! ! can you tell i already had mine ? ! well , i stopped back in here on pure instinct . and , yeah ... i got a free double espresso and a crepe with egg , kale , mushrooms and blue cheese . the crepe , i purchased . the espresso x2 ? freeeeeeee ! ! ! you have to drink it in-house which is easy ; it 's a nice , sunny place . i tipped the friendly staff an extra ton for such a great offer . good tipping karma is real . real , i say . it 's still february ( i think ? ) . need a jump start ? stop in here , and tip your counter folks , please ( runs off screaming ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is small and cozy . i imagine it 's a nice place to hang out at throughout the day , sippin ' on espresso and people watching from the large windows adorned . however , it can certainly get quite busy for weekend brunch , and being it 's so small , it 's eat and go with limited lingering . you wo n't get full here . not on the sweet or savory crepes they serve , unless you buy a couple of them . they 're super cheap , so that 's possible ! the lemon curd crepe , which was so sweet and delicious , cost me less than $ 5 . an added bonus is that bradbury 's is right across the street from a parking garage if street parking is a nightmare ( as it usually is ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` we want crepes , '' demanded my co worker . `` creeps ? '' my coworker stared at me in hostile desperation , void of any appreciation of my bad joke . so we marched across the square , and we ended up at this charming corner store . coworker appeased . it 's rather cozy , but has high ceilings ( i keep repeating this in like every review , but man i love high ceilings ) we all had savory crepes . i had a crazy strawberry-prosciutto-fried egg crepe . what a crazy combo ! plus , the coffee looks top notch ! they have siphon coffee ! just a couple downsides : - it 's cramped . - it 's really hot in there on a summer day but really . would those things stop you from having a nice crepe ? not me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best espresso in madison . crepe menu changes often because everything is fresh and sourced from local farms providers . it can get crowded because it is a small space which is really the only drawback . they know how to pair flavors and it is always a delight . if you are looking for a big plate of stodgy grub go elsewhere . this is quality over quantity and i love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best crepe we have had ever it is simple and delicious if you want big portion plenty of whatever sauces i dun think you gon na like it though from what i see this place offers food with healthy ingredients , smaller but enough portion , less salt less sugar less fat latte was a beautiful ending they made my day for the last 4th of july weekend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had better crepes , and i find their crepes overpriced . their selection of food is tiny , and i rarely find anything that i want to order off the menu . their coffee might be pretty good , but i do n't drink coffee and i find their tea pretty average . they do have beer though . i 'm glad i tried it , but it 's unlikely that i 'll come back here in the future . there are better breakfast options in madison .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing service , busy but so worth the wait . 2 freaking choices of espresso , heaven . and the kumbacha was amazing and well prepared . keep up the work , and the good ol cafe vibes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rumors are true . the crepes here are out of this world ! i had the ham , baby chard , smoked gouda , egg and mustard crepe and the honey , butter and sea salt one . o.m.g . the savory crepe was just what i was looking for . the ham was high quality ( it was textured , moist and flavorful ) and the gouda was gooood-a . i liked that the `` cracked egg '' was spread all over the crepe and cooked that way , cause it made for a great , fluffy texture ! the sweet crepe was the most satisfying salty-and-sweet dessert i 've ever had . buttery , melt-in-your-mouth goes well with salt . my only complaint here- it 's way too small ! i imagine it gets pretty crowded on weekends . i 'll be back for crepe heaven !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute craft coffee shop in downtown madison . we came around 10am on a saturday morning , and they were super busy- there was only short line to order coffee , but all the seats were already taken ( since this is a small spot ) and people were busy enjoying their breakfasts . it only took a few mins for them to make our coffees , and we tried : -cold press coffee ( 16 oz $ 2.90 , http : www.yelp.com user_local_photos ? select=d15gm3t_fx9_7q7d7ol0xw & userid=76vifzcc7owykcbjmfgvxg ) : yum- really smooth and good depth of flavor without being bitter . highly recommended ! -pourover coffee ( kalita , $ 4 ) : also solid , and very smooth without an acidic finish . both the coffees we tried were very smooth , and i would definitely come back for more caffeine if in downtown madison . the breakfast items also looked really good , so i would want to check that out also . parking can be tough during the weekend rush , but there is street parking available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee is still excellent and the crepes still good . this is one of the few places i can drink the drip coffee black . on the savory crepes , they serve fried eggs sunny side up or over easy - the way all eggs should come - instead of asking you how you want it . this might be a bit snobby for some , but for this runny yolk lover it is the intelligent choice . seasonal ingredients like sprouted lentils and rainbow chard are tasteful and nutritious . also , it is a breakfasty place open past 2pm on sundays . +10 points , bradbury 's ! a small warning about the honey butter sea salt crepe - if it 's too salty for you , do n't finish it ! or you might find yourself on google later , `` what to do when i 've eaten too much salt . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is adorable in many ways and i wholeheartedly recommend spending your money and your time at this family-operated establishment . the crepes are delicate and superb and the coffee is excellent . you can just feel how much the owners love this place and have made it theirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they seriously have the best coffee in madison . the crepes look delicious , but sadly i have to keep to a gluten-free diet and can not eat the crepes . which is why only 4 stars ... maybe they could come up with a gluten free crepe option ? edit : they can make any of the savory crepes gluten-free ! ... and they are just as delicious as i imagined them to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love a good cup of coffee , and when i heard that there was a place in madison serving up coffee and crepes , i had to try them out . i had just spent hours at the children 's museum around the corner so i really needed a pick-me-up . i stopped in with my preschooler son and my mom , and my first thought was that this place was tiny . there were some college students on laptops and i drop in with a 4-year-old . i honestly felt bad for all the noise i knew he would make . i ordered a mocha and a nutella banana crepe . service here was horrible . my order took forever to come out and the person at the register was a little rude ( probably because i came in with a 4-year-old ) . my crepe tasted pretty good , but i really was n't a fan of the coffee ... or the service . i wished the location was a lot larger ( and maybe not located around the corner from a children 's museum ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bradbury 's posses all the crucial factors that make a great coffee shop : great staff , ambiance , beans , and brewing methods . the fact that they prepare the best crepes which i have eaten here in the us is only a bonus . baristas are very talented , focused , and knowledgeable here . in addition to espresso there are also several brewing options available : v60 , chemex , french press , siphon , and drip . coffee shops are practically houses of worship for me , so bradbury 's is tantamount to the vatican ( minus the scandals of course ) . i enjoy nothing more than unfolding the sunday time 's with fresh coffee , and this is my favorite to do it . less chaotic then other quality coffee shops in the are ( except saturday 's with the farmers market or other down town events ) so getting the true experience is almost always guaranteed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite coffee shop in madison - love it.. legit - you can get coffee any way : espresso , drip , vacuum , and press . they know what is going on . i love the interior , the atmosphere , the employees ( super nice , laid back , and great service ) , crepes ( rotating menu of sweet and savory ) , and the beer ( yeah they have beer - grain belt for under $ 2 ) . stop waiting and check it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happy to report that bradbury 's is still killin ' it . why 5 stars ? i had one of the best espressos i 've had in a long while . and i 'm a newfound fan of their scones . yum . even though it 's super out of my way , i 'm going every morning for my fuel . they serve one of the best and most consistent cups in town . i 've noticed they 've been rotating in some tasty coffees from other roasters lately . go check 'em out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does my review even matter here where others have given their whole hearted stamp of approval ? i live down the street from this small , family-run coffeeshop crepery , and have been going here since it opened several years ago . i 've had their savory crepes , the menu of which changes daily to account for the local , farm fresh and farmers ' market obtained ingredients . i like how they always have great indie-emo music playing in the background , often bands that i like but have never heard of . crepes are usually 6 to 8 bucks for the savory ones , they are n't filling enough for an entire meal if you 're a tall dude , but for me , a petite little lady , it does make the tummy happy . always good people watching potential from the window , and i like that you can sit at the counter looking out at the world or eat at their spanking new l shaped communal table . the staff are always friendly ( not to mention on the hot side , daddy hot ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a welcome to madison . best latte i 've ever had , in any city , in any country , on any continent . maybe they enabled `` magic , unicorns , and rainbows '' mode on the espresso machine that morning . not sure . but what emerged was really really good . i was a fatty that morning ( with 5 hours of jet lag making breakfast into lunch ) and got two crepes . the crepes pandered right to some of my veggie loves : sweet pumpkin in one , savory parsnips and other roots in the other . both great . not cheap , but great . this is on my short list of knockout places encountered while on business travels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cool little place . the best coffee in madison and the best ( maybe only , honestly ) crepes in the city . there is a very cool industrial eclectic vibe going on . i used to go here every morning ( it helped that i lived across the street ) . i still would if i did n't live just on the other side of the square now . it 's a gorgeous , serene space to enjoy a cup ( or pot ) of coffee leisurely over a book or newspaper or to get some work done and then move on to a lovely light breakfast or lunch with a sweet or savory cr\u00eape ; however , as its tiny and popular , that is n't often easy . it 's usually pretty crowded , so if there 's space open , grab it and hold on for dear life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i adore this place for breakfast , lunch or dinner . crepes are generally delicious , but these are exceptional . the honey and sea salt surprised me with how delicious and flavorful it was ; i 'm always tempted to stray from my loyalty to savory for it . but really , their savory crepes trump all- particularly those with an egg . take advantage of their takeout- it makes a great easy dinner or a surprise breakfast for a friend . also , the space is lovely and the seats by the window are great for people watching but it is tiny . come alone or with a small group .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . the menu is small but rotates frequently because the ingredients are local and or organic . the space is also on the small side , but it 's so sunny that it does n't matter . i 'm no coffee snob , but the coffee is really good too . i know it 's dorky , but i love that little leaf design they make on the top .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was excellent and well-sourced . dining area is small , so it fills up quickly . would eat here every morning if i were local .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm there now . quaint lil hole in the wall . i had the nutella crepe ( reminds me of time spent in paris ! ) coffee was delicious , and i automatically give places a thumbs up if they use whole milk in their coffee . lovely place for a lazy afternoon and of you want to get some reading or hw done ! street parking is in abundant which is good . i can see me coming here more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here on the recommendation of a friend and was not disappointed . their coffee is on a whole different level- i got the flat white and my friend got their chai latte . definitely one of the best if not the best coffee i 've had yet in madison ( and one of the best chai lattes ) . and since we were there we obviously had to try the crepes . we got one savory and one sweet both were delicious- i 'm still thinking about the mustard they used on the savory crepe . i can see why it could get crowded during the weekends but we went late morning on a friday and it felt very cozy- the table bar thing in the middle was also the ideal height .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to try bradbury 's one sunday morning ... i 'm amazed with what they have done with such a small corner spot . the menu is small , but offers sweet and savory crepes , as well as an egg dish or two . i 'm assuming that choices change frequently due to the use of fresh , local and seasonal ingredients -- which is great ! my only complaint was the fact that the music was a bit too loud and urban-techno for an early sunday morning . i realize that it goes with the `` vibe '' that they 're trying to portray , but it was just too much for me to deal with before my first cup of coffee had taken effect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure what the hype is here . we showed up on a sunday around 10am just looking for some crepes and coffee . well , almost 30 min later ... still no crepes . in fact , i had to give away most of my pot of french press coffee to the very lucky folks sitting next to me because that took about 20 minutes to get . i cancelled the crepe order as we had to leave and they thankfully refunded us the paid in advance price . the lemon curd scone was good but not standout . i do n't blame the folks working behind the counter , just the fact that they need two or three more and a couple more crepe machines . seriously , if your schtick is crepes , you need to have those puppies up and ready within five minutes or so . fail .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very cool layout . storefront is on a sharp corner so the space is triangular . parking close by can be challenging . i went on a sunday morning at about 10am . it was very full and had limited seating . prepare to get a little cozy with a stranger or two . i ordered a drip coffee , mocha , and a ham gouda crepe . drip coffee- extremely sour , almost like acetic acid . although , not burnt tasting . lots of cream and sugar did the trick . mocha- really nice balance of coffee and chocolate . not too sweet . i did n't need to adjust this one at all ham and gouda crepe ( buckwheat ) - awesome ! really good thick cut ham , like spiral cut ham with lots of cheese and an egg . comes with a side of stone ground mustard that complements very nicely . just as good as the crepes at chez nanou but are about $ 4 less expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "still fantastic . one of my favorite places in madison officially . the ham gouda stone ground mustard crepe is a classic . the raspberry preserves ch\u00e8vre crepe o just had was fantastic . officially best chai latte . ( srsly , if you know a better one - anywhere - let me know )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is a great hole in the wall for breakfast . they make delicious crepes . i have tried a sea salt caramel crepe ( even better than it sounds ) and a savory crepe with ham . they use fresh ingredients and the menu always changes . also they make hearts in my chai which i appreciate . seating can be tight especially if you pick a saturday when the farmer 's market is going . if you are a chocoholic or enjoy good food , you should give it a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i checked this place out purely on the positive yelp review and were not disappointed . it 's a cozy space with giant glass windows overlooking the traffic on the capitol loop , making for a nice people-watching spot . crepes sounded like the perfect breakfast . i had the egg , sausage , and cheese , and she had the egg , pesto , and mozzarella . both were great , and i was pleasantly surprised by the spicy sausage and occasional explosions of salt and pepper tucked away . next time we might try one of the sweet varieties . the service was a bit sleepy in the morning , but they might have had a rough saturday night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "expensive for what we got . 2 lattes 2 crepes 1 scone 28 $ everything was good but slow service and a tad overpriced . small too . cute decor tho !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic coffee . they serve up kickapoo among a few others . friendly staff , excellent tunes . it 's a bit of a smaller spot and the bar stools are n't anything i 'd want to sit and linger and linger in but this is a great place to grab a cuppa joe . they make their scones and muffins in house . they had a few different choices including both sweet and savory . my bacon , cheddar and scape scone was warm out of the oven and very good . the bf had the ham , arugula , egg and mustard crepe which he enjoyed . i 'm looking forward to coming back to indulge in a sweet crepe sometime-i 'm looking at you lemon curd crepe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you wear light flannel in the summer and listen to decembrists ? this place is for you ! but really , if you 're looking for atmosphere maybe you 'll go to michelangelo 's . but if you want straight up well made coffee and vegetarian breakfasts , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a small coffee shop with minimal food options , all of which are tasty . this is a place where you can really get some work done or have a conversation to catch up with a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot smaller than i thought , so trying to cram in and find a seat is next to impossible ; the people with laptops studying usually do n't leave very often . but the coffee was great , very smooth and not served scalding hot . the food looked good although we did n't stay to find out , just way to crowded to be enjoyable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the dark chocolate , caramel , and sea salt crepe is my new reason to return to madison . and perhaps my demise , should i ever become all buff and adverse to delicious heaven-sent food . loved the chill vibe , locally-sourced food philosophy , and savory coffee too . please stick around , bradbury 's . i only visit central wisconsin every few years . you are the new glarus of crepes ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an adorable little corner cafe with views of the capital and busy streets , and sidewalks full of interesting people . i could probably sit here all day people-watching and gorging on crepes and coffee . i ordered the house made nutella and banana crepe . wowza . i expected to be in a sugar coma , but was pleasantly surprised by how light and delicious this was . i also had a flat white , which came in the perfect sized cup and with which i walked around the square afterwards . i can see why this place is so popular given the location and delicious food and coffee . i ca n't wait to come back my next time in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and coffee . the pour over from cross bow , i believe , was masterfully brewed and delivered to me . they are obviously know for their crepes , which i am generally not a fan of , but they may have changed my mind . i had the buck wheat crepe which encompassed real ham , fresh spinach and an amazing cheese which i think was smoked gouda , and topped with a gritty mustard .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bradbury 's , nooooooooooooooo ! upon my arrival in madison , i knew there was only one thing i wanted : bradbury 's coffee . it had been a year since i left , and i was excited to get one of those wonderful , wonderful pourovers . this may not mean anything to the non-coffee snobs about there , but they 've replaced the hario v60 with a kalita wave ( both methods of brewing coffee ) . service was friendly , if a little curt , and the coffee was painstakingly brewed in a few minutes . it 's great seeing the baristas work their magic . the coffee , though ? only very good , not great ! i do n't know if my evil , yuppie brooklyn mind has ruined coffee for me , but it simply was n't as good as i remember . very good ? absolutely , but it lacked the quality necessary to make it 5 stars . it 's still near-excellent , and everyone should go there . but man , that slight drop in coffee quality ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i travel a lot for work and am always reading yelp reviews for pretty much everything . but what i miss the most is my homemade espresso . i 'm serious about it . being in madison , wi for a few days , bradbury 's was highly recommended for espresso by both yelp and the locals . got up early just to try them out . wow ! espresso pulled through a bottomless portafilter . they offer a darker roast bean as well as a single origin bean . i tried the darker . easily rivals joe in nyc and intelligentsia in la . two thumbs up . great crepes , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this will focus just on the coffee - yesterday i had a latte from here that was a whole new experience . i travel weekly for work and checkout america 's best cafes ( literally , they have trophies from events like coffee fest saying they are the best ) and this latte , man-o-man . the very texture of the milk was outstanding . simply outstanding . i came back after a linch at the merigold and had a latte again with a different blend of espresso . the second blend had a floral lemon flavor to it . usually i hate lemon profiles in my coffee dairy , but this was totally rocking my world . i did notice that the acidity took away the foam on my latte much fast ( how strange ) . oh they also have trevor g on staff who took top eight ( if my memory serves me right ) in the 2015 united states barista championship . pretty awesome resource to have at a cafe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee is always spot on . they seem to do a great job keeping up to date on the seasonal offerings from their coffee roasters ( kickapoo and madcap the last time i was there ) . espresso drinks are always text book perfect , and they 'll get creative if you order 'off menu ' . regarding the space - they make good use of an oddly shaped building . sometimes it can get a little noisy because of how tight the space is , and the tables are just a little too close to the counter for comfort . that said , every time i 've been in there it 's been a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their coffee is fresh and unparalleled and that 's why they deserve a star here . i ordered 2 crepes and waited for 45 minutes . lots of people have checked out and finished their brunch and i 've lost my patience . went to the counter and asked for my order , no good answer but there are 2 orders before you . trying to tell the cashier that people who came after me , had their food and already left but nobody seems to care . they spent an hour processing my order , food might be good but service is horrible ! will not return again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in in february because they had a deal with free espresso , so i figured it was the perfect time to try it out . the espresso was good , but i 'm not an expert with how espresso is supposed to taste . since they are known for their crepes , i also had to try one . i got a savory crepe that had spinach , parmesan , and scrambled eggs , with a carrot hummus on top . the carrot was sooo good , definitely recommend . the only downside was that it was a little pricey for just one crepe , but i could n't complain because i also had free espresso . their muffins are also really good . i purchased a day old one and it was still perfectly soft when i got around to eating it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite place for breakfast or lunch . food is consistently good , coffee is amazing ! the changing menu for savory crepes makes it new almost every time i come . whoever put up the menu knows how to combine ingredients to bring out the flavor and colors . highly recommended . convenient parking around the corner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great crepes ! a small but cute place . next time im going to get bunch to go to sample . the lattes looked enticing as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so delicious ! i love their savory crepes , though their sweet crepes are also delicious . super flavorful and fresh tasting . they use seasonal ingredients so their menu changes often . they normally only have 3 savory crepe options a day , so if you are a picky eater , call ahead and ask what the menu is ( you can also check online , though i have noticed it is not always up to date ) . the also have good orange juice , muffins , and coffee . one of my favorite sunday morning spots !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty decent crepes , but i have definitely had better . the literal crepe itself is great , but the savory recipes are just not very inspired . the sweet crepes are fantastic however . be sure to get anything with cherries cranberries in it , as they are a wisconsin specialty . the scones are all excellent . the coffee is good , but not as good as people are raving it to be . the value is fantastic at least . for $ 4 or so you get two cups of french press . compare that to starbucks . if you want to be \u00fcber elite they have japanese vacuum coffee for $ 8 or so . the interior is beautiful and very tastefully designed . the typeface they used for the actual logo that is plastered on their windows is a bit ugly . it 's a sort of space-age font , reminiscent of swatch logo ( pretty sure it 's bauhaus ) . it does n't really match the elegance of the interior . should have picked something more understated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious crepes ! a friend and i went here for breakfast after the farmers market and were not disappointed . both savory and sweet are scrumptious . between the 2 of us we had the prosciutto and pumpkin , kale and butternut squash and a dark chocolate caramel sea salt crepe . coffee is great too and the atmosphere cant be beat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dark chocolate banana caramel pecan crepe is delicious ! perfect choice to satisfy your sweet tooth in the morning . i complemented my crepe with a chai latte which was also very tasty . for those of you who need an extra umph in the mornings , you can mix in an espresso shot ( which is free mon-thurs ) . the ambiance is very laid back with a hipster vibe . the place itself is small so it can get crowded very easily . overall , great place whether it 's for a quick bite or to get some reading done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "imagine my delight when i first stopped in on a rainy day last fall for a cup of coffee and smelled the crepes cooking . i ordered a savory crepe , rabbit with winter vegetables , and it basically rocked my world . since then i have returned for a few savory and one sweet ( lemon curd ) crepes , all have been delightful ! be warned , their menu is based on availability , and so that delicious savory crepe you had last time may not be served again ... . but i think that is part of what makes it so interesting ! seating is a bit limited , as it is a small cafe coffee shop , but if you do n't mind hovering or sharing tables with strangers you will be fine . oh , and they also have beer . good beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well bradbury 's , you are a-ok . i 'm not a fan because you only sell pork sausage , which leaves me hangin ' - and causes me to order something else from your menu - something i was n't quite impressed with . due to the small number of options ( 3 choices for the `` savory '' menu ) i did n't have much to work with . still , you are a-ok , because your banana-nutella crepe sounds way too good to not go back and try another day . but you 're expensive ( 8 bux for a crepe ? ) , and your cashier had no sense of humor ... at all ... and your small space is humid , even on a chilly day . you 're small , but you 're not cozy ... you 're just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disclaimer : i have not eaten here i was in madison this past weekend and i was thrilled to read that a local restaurant did gluten-free crepes . i called bradbury 's just in case to check . i asked if they were able to prepare gluten-free crepes and they said `` yes , but it 's basically just eggs with crepe filling '' that was fine , but , when i asked how they were prepared i was informed that they used the same crepe spinner that they use for normal crepes . moreover they are unable to wash it in between . long story short , bradbury 's does not accommodate gluten free people and does not understand cross-contamination . just wanted to get the word out so that no one gets sick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum ! excellent crepes , and not overpriced . cute place , too , with huge windows and tons of natural light . i suppose it could get a little crowded ( there are like 2 tables and then counter seating ) , but even at 11 am with the farmer 's market in full swing a block away , it was n't too busy this morning . i love that they source their ingredients locally ( with the farmer 's market right there , who would n't anyway ? ) everything was super fresh and tasty . i had the wilted kale and scrambled egg crepe , which was excellent . my partner had the roasted vegetable with chevre , which might 've even been better . might have to make this a weekend tradition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best crepes i have ever had ! i had lemon curd and whipped cream . will try the dark chocolate and salted caramel next time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic crepes , lovely service and a hot neighborhood spot near the farmer 's market and state capitol . the blt crepe with fried egg is a must have . the restaurant uses kickapoo coffee beans and locally grown produce . nice find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed by bradbury 's . the atmosphere was cool , but the seating situation was not ideal . considering how long it took me to get my meal ( which was just tea and a crepe ) , the lack of chairs without back support was kind of a bummer . i agree with earlier reviewers that the staff was pretty stand-offish ; they seemed awfully tense for people who get to make crepes for a living . as far as the crepes themselves go : they were crepes . standard , middle-of-the-line crepes . i ordered a sweet rhubarb crepe and tried some of my friend 's trout crepe , and both of them were pretty average . they were good , but hardly worth the prices that were charged for them . bradbury 's : all i 'm saying is you can get comparable crepes elsewhere without the uncomfortable seats and snobby staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think this is the best cup of coffee downtown and the crepes and muffins are smashing . however why does n't anyone smile that works there ? maybe i 'm not hipster enough , or maybe expecting a smile , a friendly bit of chatter or just some signs of a happy life are to much to ask for the people behind the counter . folks behind the counter , you make really great food and your coffee is awesome , do n't come off as pretentious , please . smile and celebrate that you kick ass . i 'll keep coming back , but damn folks , smile !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was perfect ? until i found caterpillar in my crepe ( though we waited about an hour until out food get served . the other people who walked into the cafe got served before us ) . i know there 's nothing worse finding out half of the caterpillar , but still disgusting . what made me feel worse was that one of the server was not surprised at all as if it happens quite often ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ups : - the soy lattes are the best i 've ever had ! - locally sourced ( i think ) - very sunny , modern , and crisp interior . downs : - pesto , fresh mozz & scrambled egg crepe was a bit bland- the pesto being the main offender . keep in mind this place gets busy fast ! ! ! but they also open early , even on weekends . 3.5 on the food , 4.5 on the coffee- darn near perfect cup o ' coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 're obviously obsessed with coffee , so i was expecting my iced americano to be made nice and carefully , the right way . unfortunately it was watered down as f , lacking in flavor , with 2 sad half-melted ice cubes floating at the top . i asked for some room for milk and she left me with maybe an eighth of an inch . if i go back , i feel like i 'll have to walk them through how to make a drink which will be unpleasant for everyone , so i 'll be skipping bradbury 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my son asks to go here every time we 're at the children 's museum . the food and drinks are made to order and the staff has always been extremely pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been happy with bradbury 's ever since i started coming here during my first year of professional school . it was always a dependable place to get a tasty crepe to curb my cravings , whether sweet or savory . quality of the final food product has always been great and consistent . the coffee usually is pretty ok for drip ( individually prepared cups are better ) ; however i ca n't ignore my last two visits during late afternoons . both times , i was in a bind , so a pour-over was n't an option . i ignored the crappy tasting coffee the first time since i figured that all good establishments have off days every now and then . but my last visit a few days ago , my cup of kickapoo rwanda tasted like rancid jet fuel . bradbury 's a four star establishment , overall , but they lose one for serving old , nasty drip coffee ... ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coffee and lattes that marvel any sipped in the past , in addition to the most mouth-savoring , hunger-quenching , crepes i 've ever had the pleasure of devouring . bradbury 's has not only the perfect-quaint atmosphere , but also crepes and drinks that 'll have you coming back again-and-again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here , i had the best cup of coffee i 've had in months , and the best crepes i 've had since i was in france . it took a little while ( due to the small kitchen space ) , but it was well worth the wait . i got a savory crepe with lentils and mushrooms , and it was a fantastic light breakfast . one word of warning : there is not a lot of seating . be ready to wait for a seat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved my experience at bradbury 's . it was a snowy day and sitting inside this cozy coffee shop and watching the snow fall was a perfect way to spend the day . the expansive windows gave a great view of the snow falling . i had a savory crepe , the spinach and mushroom one , which was delicious . the french press of ethiopian bean was also a great coffee . i 'd definitely come back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my main motivation to visit here was to use the free wifi because i had gone 2 days without using the internet on my computer . and i had some work to do . i was , however , not at all disappointed by my decision to visit here because the coffee was great . i ordered a cold-brewed coffee and the flavor was amazing . plus the service was really good . this place is small and quaint and so cute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crepes were delicious , and i was impressed with the unique fillings in the savory crepe i ordered . the fried egg on top was a nice touch and was cooked to perfection . the only regret my husband and i had was that we wish we would have ordered a sweet crepe to split along with our savory crepes . it seems like a cool atmosphere , but the seating in the middle is really awkward . sharing a table with a bunch of random people did n't bother me , but the seats were a weird uncomfortable height , and it felt really crammed . i would opt for a window seat next time . this is a good place to go alone or with one other person , but i would n't recommend going here with a group .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! i tried their savory lamb crepe and man was it tasty ! definitely try their cinnamon crepe , it was soo tasty . i 'll definitely be back to try the nutella crepe soon . and for the kombucha fans out there ... they have their own kombucha ! their kombucha was n't too sweet , which is just the way i like it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , delicious and authentic coffee and crepe shop . we ordered a regular cup of coffee . large fresh squeezed orange juice , a butter and sea salt crepe , a cinnamon and butter crepe and the ham and gouda crepe . everything was hot and delicious . if you live in madison , you should make this a regular stop.. we will be back to visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for lunch on a sunday afternoon . great food . only using in season ingredients . had the best sun-gold tomatoes ever ! crepe had great flavors and all were balanced well . service was good . it 's a small place ( like most downtown places ) , so definitely leave the stroller in the car . the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars was the music . it was a bit loud for a `` coffee shop '' type of place and out of place . it was a little on the techno side . i definitely get the individuality that baristas have , however , i would have liked to have it turned down just a bit . i would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! combines 2 of my favs : windows - it 's totally windows . corner - it 's like sitting inside a triangle . a big communal table in the middle if you 're feeling social ; solo stools for street-gazing , philosophical-contemplating if you 're not . it 's easy , chalkboard menu - crepes done delish . and then they do what every place should do but does n't : they b r e w their chai . i love that i never know what kind of scone they 'll have . i love that when i ask for lemon , they peek their head into a little closet kitchen and say , 'nope , guess not today . ' it 's small and cozy and bright and the stools around that big table remind me of the ones i had in elementary school art class - and i loved art class . i feel happy just walking in the door 'cause i know it 's gon na be good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee is amazing and the crepes are wonderful . great vegetarian options and love the touch of fried egg on top !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cramped and hipster , but they make a damn good flat white ( the only place in madison that does ) , and their savory crepes are right on the money every time . do n't spend $ 6 on dessert crepes , though . make 100 of them at home for the same price . avoid on farmer 's market days , as with any other small place near the square . it 's packed saturday mornings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "skip the coffee ; come for the savory and or sweet crepes . i was looking forward to eating here -- the place is a bit small . luckily , we were able to snag a spot at the edge as the center table was taken . there was plenty of natural lighting with the numerous windows , and is an excellent spot to take food photos . coffee was lackluster and tasted not fresh . as for the crepes , they were light and crispy -- you could really taste the egg in the sweet version . service was quick and you can see them make your crepe ( s ) in the kitchen which was pretty neat . price-wise , it 's a little bit on the higher side for the savory crepes but was well worth it and to be expected . the sweeter crepes are more reasonably priced . overall , it was a good spot to check out if you are craving crepes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent crepes and pastries . we had a savory salmon with scrambled egg & a strawberry rhubarb crepe and they were absolutely delicious . perfect for breakfast and brunch . nice hip scene , music and atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like your lattes smooth , this is the place . not too sweet , extremely creamy and smooth . if your like a bolder coffee taste get a double shot . very friendly and efficient staff . excellent crepes . winner in every way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a really great atmosphere and is perfect for many occasions ! their cold brews are incredibly bold , and great paired with either their savory or sweet crepes . i had the savory crepe with bacon , chard , peas , scapes , cheddar and scrambled eggs . really unique flavor combinations that sets this restaurant coffee shop apart from the rest in madison . it is perfectly located near capitol square and james madison park for a post-meal walk !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still have n't tried the crepes and the scones look amazing . however , i 'm a purist about coffee . these people know what they 're doing . kickapoo is a great roast to start . then , they take care to measure and grind to the specific pour process . the result is a balanced , caramel , sweet ; yet punchy cup of glory . boom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best espresso in madison . never watered down and served with a smile . i also appreciate that they will sell bananas as a stand-alone item ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best espresso and coffee in madison , hands down . in some ways it is hard to compare the product that is produced here to other spots in town . they are total espresso geeks who use super high quality milk ( blue marble ) . crepes are good , they keep the menu small , change it often and use fresh and local ingredients . they have improved on quality every week they have been open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing crepes made from local sources . this was a pleasant surprise as i was looking for a quick bite to eat near the capitol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i had the cold press coffee & a savory crepe with smoked salmon and goats cheese , with a fried duck egg on top . the crepe is buckwheat based and was light and delicious . the duck egg was so big ! and extra tasty ! presentation of the food was really good . i definitely felt like i was eating something healthy . i 'm finished and do n't feel stuffed . the coffee was also really great and not too bitter which you might get from a starbucks . atmosphere is also really friendly and active , there are huge windows , lots of joint , and hardworking staff are nice . the clientele are a mix of working breakfast meetings and people straight chilling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , just had the best crepe of my life . asparagus and scrambled egg crepe , perfectly seasoned . pretty good coffee too , and fantastic atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the peach crepe and veggie crepe . both were really good ! fresh yellow peaches balanced the sweetness of whipped cream very well . portions were small . ( we had another round of brunch after the crepes ) . high quality coffee . the scones looked good , and i might try it next time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "9 26 13 wife and i biked downtown to bradbury 's ( latte for her - 16oz french press for me ) . we struck it rich with their caffeinated black gold !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go with a friend and share one sweet and one savory crepe . i love the nutella banna for the sweet and have yet to try a savory i did not enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee , tea , crepes get anything you wo n't be disappointed . nice place to relax . only negative is tight seating but that is because they are busy . why are the busy ? see first sentence .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why not begin your madison morning with a fresh crepe stuffed with lamb sausage , kale , peppers , and egg , complete with a soy latte whose beauty is surpassed only by its taste ? for us two wearied cross-country travelers , bradbury 's was the welcomest of sights . after unreasonable quantities of interstate rest stop food and quickly-consumed camping fare , the scrumptious food , wonderful coffee ( it 's kickapoo ! ) , and `` farm-fresh '' aesthetic was a sight for sore eyes indeed . whether you 're passing through the shining metropolis of madison or are fortunate enough to reside in this midwestern mecca , pay bradbury 's a visit . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent crepes and coffees drinks . honey+ butter + sea salt crepe excellent `` original '' crepe if you like classics . savory crepes are delicious as well , fresh ingredients , perfect balance of flavors and of course , the perfect crepe you will get in madison . must try . opens early , but does get busy once it hits 9:30-10 am on weekends . grab a seat by the windows to people watch too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is dynamite . went here to meet a friend . neither of us had ever been and we both loved it . first off , i am from burlington , vermont most recently , so having just moved from there , this place fits the vibe completely . not only is it wholesome food with local fresh products and delicious savory crepes , but the place has this great vibe . if you are going for cute , charming and delicious ! check this place out . parking however was a pain and the selection was not great . it was almost comparable to a place in burlington vermont called skinny pancake . http : www.yelp.com biz the-skinny-pancake-burlington", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crepes are delicious , fresh , and worth the wait ! seating is a little cramped , but there are not too many other options in such a small space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great intentions , but bad follow through . the savory crepes sound amazing , but the actual crepes were lackluster with unbalanced ingredients . the sweeter crepes are hard to mess up and are good . staff was very friendly , but the seating was crowded . house-made chai was top notch causing me to immediately gulp it and want another .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "charming spot . good to get some proper coffee so far from home . the creeps look good- smell good too . next time i 'll skip the crab hotel breakfast and eat here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the crepes and coffee are both very , very tasty . every time i 've been , i 've really enjoyed both , but it has always taken quite a bit longer to get my order than i 've been told it will be . instead of the ten minutes i 'm told , it 's usually more like 30 minutes , which is quite a bit of time in such a crowded place . there 's nowhere to stand and wait that is n't in the way somehow . if you can go during off-peak hours , you 'll probably enjoy it more than i have so far .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best crepes in madison . 30 min wait for food at peak hours , small space . great decor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was worth the 20 minute walk . yelp took care of me again . i walked in , asked for a flat white . not only did they know what it was , but it was on the menu . coffee from kickaboo was great . i love it when a coffee shop uses a local roaster . coffee was smooth , well-balanced and a nice match for a flat white . not only was the coffee great and the atmosphere very enjoyable , but the guys behind the bar were very friendly . all in all , i really enjoyed my coffee . thanks guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their recent farmer 's market heirloom tomato and fresh corn crepe was out of site delicious . the crepe was nicely cooked , not too sweet or savory , and avoided the too-cakey or too-crispy failing of other crepes . crepes are never filling food by themselves , but it was $ 8 and i was still pretty hungry after ; on the square that can buy you a filling meal . so eat here and eat here often , but note that this is a small boutiquey storefront that basically serves great snack food and coffee . and on that note , they serve just about the best and most consistent cup of coffee , along with johnson public house , in madison . a very good place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful place to spend the morning- floor to ceiling glass windows for people watching , excellent coffee and expertly made crepes ! no crappy scones or cakey muffins- just crepes made by people who clearly love food . plus , it feels good to support a locally owned business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here while i was staying at the hostel on butler . it 's just a short walk away and it a lovely little oasis . i was inspired to check it out because i ca n't say no to a good crepe . as a tea drinker , i was pleasantly surprised to find that despite being focused on coffee , they have a nicely curated tea selection . i had a deliciously smoky black tea that they actually brewed for me . like , take the bag out at the right time brewed . the crepe was fantastic and filling . ham and smoked gouda with an egg in a buckwheat crepe . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were very rude here . i believe that no matter how good the food is , if the staff is unfriendly and has poor customer service then it is automatically a one star . it was my first time here and so i had a few questions about the crepes , when i asked the woman rolled her eyes at me and looked annoyed that i asked . then when she brought me my food she basically threw it on the table . i responded with a thank you and she just walked away . i do not recommend this establishment if you like to feel welcome . also their music is terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great crepes , great price . tried the savory scone , it was a locally-sourced foodie party for my taste buds . edit : beware service slows exponentially with busy-ness", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been on a cortado binge lately , ordering then from every cafe ( even if it 's not on the menu ) . that 's what i did here and the barista explained thats basically what a piccolo was here . it may not be a `` cortado '' by name but this one is delicious ! oh and there 's wi-fi ! food : crepe - ham + smoked gouda + a cracked egg w whole grain mustard on a buckwheat crepe was bomb . honestly , who knew there was such good crepes at this little coffee shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee and espresso . some of the best crepes i 've tasted . the menu changes . the nutella and raspberries- lovely , but a bit too sweet when we got to the middle . bacon , mixed greens , heirloom tomatoes , aioli with fried egg- awesome ! bradbury 's will be a regular stop whenever we visit madison ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "savory or sweet , bradbury 's makes the best cr\u00eapes in madison . each day you 'll find a selection of cr\u00eapes prepared with fresh , local ingredients . complementing the cr\u00eapes is deliciously strong kickapoo coffee . honestly , if i lived nearby i 'd come here every day for breakfast . the only drawback is the limited seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coffee in madison . seating is pretty lame though . cramped and uncomfortable . it can also take a fair amount of time to get an order , but it 's always good . crepes are very good as are home made baked goods . we usually get the coffee , etc . to go and sit out by the capitol when the weather is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a series of words for you : honey . butter . sea . salt . crepe . pro tip : assemble those together . say them aloud . repeat to someone behind the counter at bradbury 's . eat what is laid in front of you . enjoy your new , completely perfected day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing crepes ! we needed a place near the square for breakfast at 6:45 today and saw this place listed . the reviews were excellent but we did n't know what to expect . turns out that the reviews were accurate ... we had three different crepes between us - ham , gouda and mustard ; tomato and basil ; and cinnamon sugar - and they were all delicious . the crepes took about 10 minutes to arrive but they were made fresh so that was to be expected . this is a place to which we must and will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want breakfast food downtown this is the place to come ! they are reasonably priced and their crepes are some of the best crepes i 've had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent atmosphere and great coffee and crepes ! cool place to hang out and do some work . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my 3rd trip to madison wi i found bradbury . this place has a great low key atmosphere to enjoy every sip of coffee . if you woke up on the wrong side of the bed , have one of their savory crepes . it will brighten your day with every bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is delicious the crapes are so scrumptious the atmosphere is fun it 's very small and tight but i think it 's pretty cozy the menu is a little difficult to read if your back is turned to it overall i really like this restaurant it 's very clean very friendly service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i immediately appreciated was that there was a parking structure right across the street from the cafe . the place is tiny and is set up with more communal type tables . so if you do n't like getting cozy with your neighbor ( when it is busy ) pick a different place . it would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee . as i understand it their crepes change based on what ingredients are available . i had the ham , brie , spinach crepe with the egg on top . it was absolutely delicious . not heavy ( as they did not laden a bunch of sauce on it ) ... the buchemel ( sp ? ) sauce i believe ... that is traditionally used ; but instead made sure that the egg was a bit runny . goodness gracious if that was not one of the yummiest bites i have had . the persons that visit this place are just that people . everyone was very friendly . good stuff . i would absolutely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is a fantastic crepe and coffee house , in the glass triangle at hamilton , dayton and webster . usually populated with the laptop elite , you may have to jockey for a seat or wedge yourself between dissertation writers and bloggers . it 's a place where you could spend all morning talking , working , studying . read more at : http : foodiecoma.wordpress.com 2011 07 28 bradburys-coffee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i been here twice and both times this place is jam packed with people . it is a great location , right between the capital and lake mendota and offers an amazing selection of sweet and savory crepes as well as great coffee . and i must mention , that is saying alot because coffee is n't even on my list of favorite things . but , what is , is lemon curd . this place makes some oh so very delicious lemon curd and put it on a fresh crepe with some whipped cream ? i 'm sold . the staff is also super friendly and efficient . each time i went i was greeted and additionally given the extra mile of service with them asking if i needed anything else and even packing my crepe to go . and thus so , this place has my business . it is a little pricey in the sense that it is not mcdonalds coffee , but the prices match starbucks and the taste here is way better than that . happy morning coffee drinking !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good crepes ... . coffee is nice as well . only downside is size of seating area . no room to move .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their dessert crepes are delicious , i wish i did n't visit before eating lunch because i could 've ordered more . although the coffee selection was n't grand , the taste is still pretty great . i 'll definitely go back and try the savory crepes and maybe a chai drink . the downside is that i live to far away to visit bradbury 's often and they close around 6 pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came back after a while on a recent visit back to madison , and i have to say , the uncomfortable seats did n't matter anymore . this place still has the best coffee and some of the most talented baristas in town ( and the best drip coffee i 've had period ) , plus the crepes are top notch , the service is friendly , and the atmosphere is awesome . it was a bit crowded ( meaning , a bit dangerous to weave through people with my hot drink ) , but for good reason . the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though the service guys were so cool that i did n't get any welcomes and smiles , the food was very awesome ! i had heirloom tomatoes , pesto fresh mozzarella & scrambled eggs crepe and a cup of coffee for breakfast . yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious coffee and the lemon curd and whipped cream crepe was delicious ! ! ! ! little bit of a bummer sometimes in these smaller coffee shops , the staff , in particular the guy at the front , could be a little less aloof . especially if he is the owner . warmth leaves a much longer lasting impression ! friendliness is free and takes no time to give", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good ethiopian french press and the cinnamon crepe was very worth the time . small space and busy place means you may have to wait if you 're looking for something beyond a simple drip on the go , but i 'm for quality and this place has it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum ! ! ! ! just had a wonderful lemon curd crepe that perfectly hit the spot ! considering my sweet tooth , i opened for the sugary side but got to taste two savory options ( a rhubarb braised pork crepe with turnips and an asparagus one as well ) . each was absolutely wonderful ! ! if definitely come back for more ! ! the ambiance was great , as it had a large , l shaped communal table and bar seats at the windows . the spot was bright and open , filled with many large windows . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is the perfect combination of a small , cozy coffee shop with natural light and a feeling of space and cleanliness . the floor to ceiling windows on three of the four sides of the coffee shop let in lots of sunlight and are perfect for reading or people watching . in regards to coffee , i ordered a cappuccino -- it was just slightly smaller than expected , and there was n't as much steamed foam on top as i would like , but otherwise , it was good . also , bradbury 's has the advantage of being a few minutes walk to james madison park , so after a few hours of coffee and doing work , i can walk over to the park to just relax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as everyone else has already said , bradbury 's has excellent coffee and espresso , really a step above . my only complaint is that my flat white was not hot enough . it 's a small drink , and by my second sip it was pretty much cold . not sure what happened there , but it would n't keep me from going back . if you like your espresso hot , i recommend inquiring about the temperature . if there are any baked goods coming out of the oven while you are placing your order , add it to your order . we got the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie ever , and i do n't even care about oatmeal cookies . also , who is doing japanese siphon coffee in the upper midwest ? bradbury 's is !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a coffee review . this is from a tea drinker . if you are a classic ( slightly british style ) black tea drinker then do n't expect your loose leaf earl grey or english breakfast . this is a place for coffee drinkers or really good crepes . they 've got herbal and other teas , but the closest to my typical tea was a chinese one that was pretty good . not my cup of tea ( pardon the pun ) but still good . so yes , if you are a coffee drinker , drink away . crepes , check , they looked delish ( was n't hungry or i would have tried one ) . the place is small but tidy and cute .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great little spot . unless you get there on a busy day , then it can take quite a while . however i enjoyed my crepes and tea that i got there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped here for a quick breakfast on a sunday . i had the egg and ham and cheese crepe while my husband had the chocolate and banana crepe . both were wonderful . the coffee was fresh as was the orange juice . it was very close to our hotel so thats a huge plus . overall a great spot for a nice quick breakfast . i would definitely recommend this place to others !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute place . creeps are good . the quality of the coffee has gone down , but still decent for madison .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the space is small but the crepes and lattes are dope . super busy on the weekends so of you can hit up bradburys during the week", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't really tasted their food so this review is just about the coffee which is excellent . really , it 's great coffee . i used to walk up here when i was taking art classes at matc downtown to get a coffee with a classmate because i would get cravings for them on a regular basis . if you are looking for an excellent cup of high quality coffee this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anyone serving pumpkin anything gets points in my book , and on this day there were pumpkin crepes . i ca n't complain about my latte either . i agree with some others i 've seen about the atmosphere - cozy and intimate yet sunny and kinda mod . the wi-fi is free but sloooow . i lost connection and left after i got through my coffee since i needed the internet and was failing to get anywhere with it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best coffee houses in madison . they get 5 stars because they serve flat whites . if you do n't know what a flat white is , runnnnn to bradurys . craps are out of this world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , hot chocolate and beautiful latte 's . crepes are worth the wait whether savory or sweet . seating is limited so do n't invite a whole group to join you there . staff has been polite even when under pressure from the line and full room of customers . excellent treat for after farmer 's market or kids museum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best coffee shop i have been to in madison . it is located close to capital square and has limited seating of about 15-20 people . the coffee options are all top notch . the crepes are incredible . great service as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute and quaint , nestled in a sliver of a space just off capitol square . i 'm not a coffee snob and admittedly do not understand what makes coffee and or espresso drinks good , but their latte made me want to learn . perfectly poured in a ceramic ( not porcelain ) mug , great flavor with no hint of bitterness . the froth was just the right thickness with a cute little design , and maybe i 'm superficial or simple ( or both ) , but that made me happy . this was easily the best latte i 've had in madison . as everyone says , the place is small , so i 'd only use it as a study space during off hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "savory crepe tasted very good , and so did iced pourover coffee . but the crepe seemed a little too thick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the best coffee in madison . bradbury 's would be notable in many major cities , so the fact that it 's tucked away into a somewhat off-the-beaten-track location in madison , wi , of all places , makes it stand out that much more . very high quality coffee from the beans to the preparation , and the vibe always seems friendly . relatively few places really nail everything -- coffee , food , ambiance -- but i think bradbury 's gets close . the savory crepes i 've had were always good , and the space , while small , is prime for taking in some mid-morning sun over a coffee and a light meal . a gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic , small location but excellent crepe dishes and coffee ( i usually get drip ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got the smoked gouda , ham , spinach , and ham crepe . it was amazing ! we also got cinnamon sugar and lemon crepe . this is the closest style of crepes i 've had since being in france .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you have to try their espresso . black . or should i say caramel ? mmm ... savory crepes are interesting but not outstanding . did i mention their espresso ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so so good . coffee is superb , crepes are always exceptional . wish you would open up a second location with more seating away from downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both the espresso and french press coffee were phenomenal ! neither needed any doctoring with sugar or cream . they were rich and full of flavor . the crepes , which i had anticipated to be equally outstanding , were just meh ... the staff cooks on only 2 hot plates , so if the place is busy it takes 15-20 to get your one crepe . so i was hoping it was worth it . the crepe was just ... bland , and nowhere in the description did it say there was broccoli in it , which was a surprise to me . had i known , i would n't have ordered it . so , crepes aside , it was the best coffee i have had in a very long time . i would go back just for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic coffee and crepes , beautiful staff , great view , a downright lovely place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've come here a few times now , usually when i ca n't sleep and might as well take advantage of the early , early morning to escape the wait and find parking on the square . the quality of the ingredients is its most outstanding point , with a close second going to their well-brewed coffee . i 've only had their savory crepes thus far , and i can say that they 're inventive and delicious . i do have a feeling that their food seems more assembled than cooked , such as when i ordered an chicken , apple , brie , and mixed greens buckwheat crepe ( with the obligatory over-easy egg ) , there were discrete sections of chicken , vegetables , apples , and brie that would have tasted so much better if they were mixed together more thoroughly . but i will definitely be coming back - in the early morning , when the sun has barely risen , sitting quietly with a cup of coffee and delicious food while watching businessmen shuffle around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is a casual very hipster-esque type place . they have the best crepes i have ever had in my life ... and honestly bradbury 's is now the only place i will ever order crepes at . they have a really great variety as well , usually about 3-4 choices in savory and sweet . plus , they have warm tea on those cold wisconsin days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had high hopes for bradbury 's . everyone has given it rave reviews -- on and off of yelp -- and they serve kickapoo coffee , which is the best . i ordered a latte and it totally sucked . it was bitter and had grounds of espresso in my flippin cup . what a waste of good coffee and $ 3 . maybe i hit it on a bad day or something , but i do n't think i 'll be going back to find out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! it has an incredible atmosphere with such amazing food . they even made a leaf design in my chai tea ! the staff was super friendly and helpful ( when i asked what most people order ) . i highly suggest giving this place a try for breakfast sometime ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious coffee and crepes with a varied selection of flavors , sure to please everyone . savory & sweet choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i cruised in to town on my way through and stopped here . the savory crepes are tasty and the one i got seemed to be buckwheat . the real winner for me was the pour over i ordered . it was bold , fruity and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crepes are good , but menu changes from day to day , and on the day i went there were n't too many interesting options ( 2 sweet , 2 savory ) . i got a 3-cheese crepe with fresh salsa , and while it was very very good , i found myself thinking of buying a bagel somewhere else , since i was still hungry . food is delicious but portions are small . cool points for the foam art on my cappuccino . very small place . hard to seat large groups .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great small coffee shop in the heart of madison . i typically try to find local coffee shops along my travels that make a manual , single cup of coffee ( pour over ) . the barista did an excellent job making my coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i adore this little coffee shop . it 's bright , has a cute decor , and even better coffee . the baristas definitely have skill and dedication to the art . they have amazing crepes here . savory or sweet- you choose . and although i 'm not a scone person , the scones they make at bradbury 's are the best i 've ever had . two downsides to this place , but none that make it less than five stars : -they need either a bigger space or a second location ! this place has caught on and it gets cramped there during peak hours , especially when the farmers ' market is happening . -the ventilation here is n't the best and you will most likely walk out smelling like food . but there could be worse things than smelling like their amazing crepes , right ? : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! such a fantastic surprise ! came in after we were not able to be seated with family at the old fashioned ... . much to our surprise these crepes are amazing ! very satisfying and delicious ! the french press was just as good ! i will definitely be back and recommend this place . perfect little cozy place ... .thank you bradbury 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i adore this place . i love popping over on a saturday or sunday to treat myself to a slammin ' breakfast . i love the limited and ever changing menu -- they only do a few things but boy do they do them well . the ingredients are the definition of fresh and they are always married together in a way that creates the best darn crepe ever . the coffee is fantastic , too . it 's a must for any breakfast aficionado in madison , even if you end up eating it for dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top-notch curated tea selection , excellent espresso , and pretty great cr\u00eapes . definitely try to go early early in the morning or after the morning rush has died down , because this tiny yet efficient shop can get jammed . the cr\u00eapes are great , but i usually have to get two to feel satisfied , so this might be a better spot for anyone looking for a lighter meal or who does n't shy away from ordering a lot , which can get pricy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is the best i 've ever had - anywhere . stick to espresso . their food is simple and delicious . totally worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tiny tiny place , but fantastic coffee and crepes ( warm nutella , so good ) . perfect cappuccinos and pour-overs . i am an insufferably picky snob about my coffee , and this place makes me happy . on par with jph ( other favorite in the city ) , it 's my go-to coffee stop before the saturday morning farmer 's market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here 3 times spread over a couple years because i do n't make it to madison much . had a great experience both time . the last time i was in , i asked about their espresso options , and got a good explanation from the male barista . i did n't chose the one he recommended , and he proceeded to question my decision and make his case again . i really appreciated how invested he was in my experience , and accordingly felt like i would be a fool not to trust his judgement . i was quite happy with my cortado with bows and arrows ( i think ) beans . i was so satisfied that i ordered a black coffee from them ( same roaster ) to go , intending to save it for the next day because i did n't think i would make it back . it was delicious too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best tasting espresso i have ever tasted . coffee was great too . i should n't have more than two shots of espresso but i really want more than two shots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing on two front ! great specialty coffee and great crepes . by the combination i was altogether obliterated . i am a foodie and certainly know my coffee , it was so good to see baristas who understood both espresso and pour over methods and used two favorite roasters of mine - ruby and kickapoo ! but back to the crepes , they were better than my mothers crepes ( do n't tell her ) and no one beats my mother . that is until i walked into this wonderful store on account of a foodie referral . thank you yan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i often associate incredible farm to table food and awesome coffee with a little bit of snobbery . bradburys is not that . they have hands-down the best coffee in all of madison , possibly even the state of wisconsin . they bring the freshest beans and the best process for making coffee and while their menu might be a little limited , it 's only filled with incredible breakfast yummiess . of all the places to go and appreciate feiner food and coffee , this is the first place in madison you should go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here again because i had such a great time just a few before , but i was sorely disappointed the second time around . the wait time was unreasonable - there were only a couple other customers at 6:45 am , but it took forever to get our crepes . i actually finished my entire chai before getting the crepes . this would n't have been so annoying except there were 4 staff and two of them seemed to just be standing around at any given time . what gives ? such a bummer : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great french press pot of fresh coffee with crepes ! the cuppacino was great as well ! definitely a must visit and my favorite go to spot after or before the farmers market unwind on a saturday morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great . they were very helpful with coffee suggestions . we both had the kale , cherry tomatoes , corn frying peppers and mozzarella crepe loaded with veggies . the dark chocolate and raspberry crepe we split - heavenly . the combined flavors of chocolate , raspberry and homemade whipped cream were perfectly balanced . sweet but not too sweet . great meal that made it worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for a late sunday afternoon brunch . tried the nutella crepes and bradbury 's espresso , they were spot on ! certainly my best crepe in madison ( seems not so much crepes shop around the downtown ) . staff were extremely nice and friendly . folks who are here for a chat or on their own working , seemed decent . the music were not too loud and quite a good selection . i enjoyed the view to the outside quite a lot . not really in a rush to leave or anything . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic little coffee shop and cr\u00eaperie . looks fairly unassuming from the outside , but has excellent coffee and a short list of delicious , seasonal , thoughtful crepes . i had one with smoked salmon , herbed yogurt , spinach , pickled rhubarb , radishes , pecans , and pea shoots . perfectly seasonal for spring and absolutely delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good : you get what you pay for ! it truly felt like a special meal , unique from our usual brunch go-tos . the flavors of the crepes were perfectly paired - from the pulled pork to the cheese to the sweet peaches ! the not so good : there is very limited seating in bradbury 's . however , the one star off goes for slow service . we originally ordered to go . by the time our food arrived a table had been vacated , we finished our coffee and ran through a number of conversation topics . the highlight : savory crepes done right . buckwheat is a bonus for gluten free patrons !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delish crepes , good coffee ! majority of the staff are nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really outstanding crepes , scones , and coffee ; friendly , helpful service ; well-designed space with wonderful light . i love that the food served is all fresh and local ( and sourced on a chalkboard ! ) . public garage is right across the street , and there is a lot of metered ( except sundays ) parking as well . good overview at http : www.thedailypage.com daily article.php ? article=20902 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their cr\u00eapes were good . the problem is that the dining area is so small and compact . the place is really cool and the staff was very friendly . plus the service was very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "d'angelo on the hi-fi . crepes twice-over : ham & gouda w whole grain mustard ; apples , plums , ricotta & honey . normally , i get a flat white , but went with a french press coffee today instead . as opposed to farmers market saturday 's ( too crazy ) , mid-week bradbury 's is just right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very tasty crepes ! small place , but adequate . wish there was a free refill on the drip coffee , but oh well , it was quite flavorful . $ 10.for a filling ham and smoked gouda crepe and a cup of joe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the crepes are good but it is insanely tiny and they have a very pretentious hipster feel that makes me uncomfortable ! it is also overpriced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "outstanding coffee , made carefully , with zero snobbish affectations . i came three days in a row and had an espresso , a pour-over cup , and a cappuccino -- all of which were top-notch . the crepes are great , too . i hear it gets super crowded at times , but early in the morning ( by which i mean before 8 a.m. , fri-sun ) there were plenty of seats to choose from . a treasure , and the first place i 'll visit the next time i 'm in madison . i wish i were there again right now for one last espresso .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great flat white here the best ive had in madison . the honey , butter and sea salt crepe was awesome . very delicious all round a real little gem away from most of the downtown hustle . the baristas were very knowledgeable . will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have fantastic crepes . i love the small atmosphere for a place to hang out or people watch . good coffee . and all their crepe ingredients are locally grown - really cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's has the best crepes i have ever had . their savory selection is to die for . their cafe style drink selection is great , but far out done by the flavor explosion that is the crepes . right now i am eating a bacon , spinach , and strawberry crepe ; a new addition on the menu since i was last here . they often change the menu but retain some mainstays like the ham and smoked gouda . each crepe old and new is worth trying . for those with a sweet tooth they offer crepes such as the lemon curd and whipped cream or the dark chocolate and sea salt amongst many others . go fucking try it . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered the crepe with the nutella , banana and almonds and it was great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome crepes ! i went here yesterday and had a savory and sweet crepe . their selection was really limited for anyone who does n't eat pig ( pork ham ) but they did have one vegetarian crepe that was really tasty . it had kale , butternut squash , nuts , yogurt sauce and a fried egg . the menu changes often though so it wo n't be there for long . for sweet we had the chocolate coconut almond crepe . super light and fluffy with just enough chocolate and too many almonds but hey they are good for you ! i tried the piccollo coffee and man it was way too strong for me so they kindly exchanged it for a latte . my sister had the mocha . both drinks were just sweet enough and gave us a lovely caffeine high that lasted all day . this is a really great place to stop by for a snack . there 's metered parking on the side street with a one hour limit which is just enough time to order and eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in madison . perfect cappuccino and some of the best , most inventive creeps i 've ever had ( smoked trout , roasted sungold tomatoes , sheeps milk brebis , local greens with a fried egg on top ) . they use ingredients from local farms and the people working are always great . ca n't say enough about the quality of the food in this little spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome crepes awesome views out panoramic windows awesome coffee awesome beer awesome location ( i mean , relatively - maybe convenient is the better word ) awesomely helpful staff awesomely small deliberate kitchen space awesome posters awesome place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in for coffee and crepes on a saturday afternoon . sadly , they ran out of caramel , so we could n't have the chocolate-banana-caramel-pecan crepe . nothing else on the seemed as good as that , so we just had flat whites . those were excellent , far superior to anything a coffee chain could turn out . the only downside is that the place is small , so i can see where getting a seat could be a challenge . but it is open and light which helps keep it from feeling crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried it while i was in madison a few weeks ago ... great place ! coffee was excellent - they know how to make a proper cappuccino , not the way-too-much-milk american kind ( sorry to sound like a snob , but it 's true ! ) . had some really unique crepes , too ... kind of stuff you would n't get elsewhere . only complaint was the space was a little cramped cluttered and seating was an issue ... if you 're looking for an elegant euro-style cafe this might not be the place for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic coffee with many brewing methods available . crepes are pretty delicious on the whole . the first time was n't the best , but the next couple visits were met with drastic improvement . probably just a fluke . they 've got a small menu , but it 's still difficult to make a decision , everything sounds good . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh coffee , a crepe ( sweet or savory ) and sitting looking out to the intersection . a perfect start to the day . the place is tiny and is set up with more communal type tables along with window bar seating . so if you do n't like getting cozy with your neighbor ( when it is busy ) pick a different place . it would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee . they 've got a guest espresso on every week . the crepe menu changes weekly , sometimes daily , completely based on what 's fresh and available . the crepes are the best i 've had since spending 2 weeks in france . the prices meant seem high but the same with the coffee they are consistently the best . not overly cakey but not too crisp either . with just the right amount of filling so everything can shine . when ever they have one with a fried egg im game . the runny yolk ends up being the perfect sauce . they also got scones and muffins too if you fancy them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant . sweet and savory crepes are both delicious . the mocha and iced coffee are the best i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crepes here were fresh and good- not the best , but pretty good . it is a small space but it 's open , airy and clean . i am giving this place 4 stars after debating giving it 3 stars because the crepe stuffed with tomatoes , mozzarella and bacon , topped with a fried egg , was really , really good . my own crepe was good , but not amazing- i wish i had ordered the tomato bacon crepe ! my own ratatouille crepe was just ok , nothing spectacular , and pretty plain . i got their iced chai which was good , and their `` sweet '' crepe with the dark chocolate , caramel and sea salt was just ok , not as caramely as i would like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i have never tried this place before ... i am continually looking for excellent espresso in madison . i stopped in and ordered three shots . i was all excited about trying a new place because i have never stopped here . what happens ? there is something wrong with their water pressure and they ca n't make me espresso ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such a great spot . crepes are inspired and delicious . coffee is delicious . ambiance is perfect . only downside is how crowded it can be during peak hours . otherwise a total gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is perfect in every way ... .forget basset street brunch club ... .stop off here instead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , yes , hipsters everywhere . but you do n't have to talk to them while savoring crepe-y goodness . they ring you up on an ipad , which i always find cute in a small shop and tends to amaze most when they get a receipt via text . anyways , ordered a skim iced mocha and the tomato egg bacon greens aioli savory crepe . my companions got the cinnamon sugar and salted caramel chocolate sweet crepes . we all traded bites , the verdict was ... yummy . the cooks were kind enough to scramble my egg well done like i asked , and it was really cool watching them make the crepes one by one on the giant griddles behind the register , although you can imagine this made for slower service . totally worth the wait though while i sipped my refreshing , delicious , well-made mocha from a mason jar . excellent corner location with large windows and bar seating for people watching outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bradbury coffee house is amazing ! very cool place to have a light breakfast ! the crepes are fantastic , my order was dark chocolate+caramel+sea salt , yummy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is delicious . the crepe was presented beautifully but gave me quite a tummy-ache afterwards . it 's a neat place , but just tiny ! i needed a place to settle in and do some work and maneuvering around the tiny space with my laptop bag was a pain ! good place to stop in , grab a coffee , and continue on your way , but not a hang out for hours kind of coffee shop . i agree with other reviewers that the crepe price was a couple bucks higher than what i would have liked to pay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an inspired setting , perfect lemon curd ( not too sweet , not too tart , not too thick ) , and so many options for espresso-to-milk ratios ... the perfect treat , with outstanding service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friends + coffee + crepes + sunlight = bradbury 's ! they have the best coffee in madison ( just edged past ancora ; ) . it 's a friendly , family-run situation -- a great place to relax , hang out , and catch a sunbeam . this is n't a coffee factory . if it takes a minute longer than sbux , it 's because they 'll only serve you their best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a regular here off-and-on for the past 3 years or so . it 's a fantastic coffee shop during the week ( except that it closes earlier than some others ) . on the weekends , it gets very crowded , so i tend to avoid it . great staff , reliable wifi , excellent coffee and crepes . one of those businesses that contributes to madison 's atmosphere of madison-ness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best crepes and the coffee is really good too ! came for the crepes and it was worth every minute ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , reasonably priced food . caffeine in lots of high quality , creative formats . free wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crepes were quite delicious for a light breakfast or brunch meal . their savory crepe made with bacon , mixed greens , tomatoes and alioli and served with a fried egg was especially creamy , tasty and filling for vegetarian fare . their `` sweet '' crepe with the dark chocolate , caramel and sea salt would 've been incredibly more salty had there not been the runny and saucy chocolate and caramel sauce . the sweet crepe is more of a dessert than a sweet breakfast food , muffins and donuts for instance . service was friendly and the crepes my friends and i ordered came in two 's . when the wrong crepe was prepared , they were sincerely apologetic and offered to redo the order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the coziest little nooks you 'll find in madison . when you walk in , you 'll think there 's no way there 's enough room , but have faith ! you will find a spot , and it will be awesome . you just ca n't beat the calm , bright , relaaaxed atmosphere . the food is equally great . crepes are perfectly done , and make sure you get a chai - they 'll make pretty cinnamon designs in the foam for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lattes were like warm going on cold the moment they were served ; might be ideal for latte art ( which was good ) but art does not win over function ( or taste ) . for me and my brood , the roast is a bit light for espresso ; call me old school . not interested in a crepe , there was n't anything else that appealed as an accompaniment ( pick from 3 scones ) . the place is stupid small ! ! c'mon . i understand some folks like to share space and get cozy with strangers ( and braid armpit hair ) . i would hate to be stuck in here during flu season . this place is socrazy small , there is no safe place to stand without getting in a patron or staff member 's way whilst you wait for your order . will find another cafe in madison with warmer coffee and room to breath .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm assuming people go here for their crepes ... . i did n't order crepes , just an americano . i was n't super impressed . the menu was small and the seating area small as well . the place was trendy and great for car and people watching . all windows and good seating to get work or reading done . i would n't take a group here.. one on one date or personal reading would be the smartest option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a little skeptical when i first walked into this place because it was so small and nowhere to sit . i am glad i waited..i had the most amazing crepe i had . it was delicous ! it was savory one- it included spinach , feta , lentils and a fried egg on top . i highly recommend it , if they offer it on the menu that day . definitely a great find in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best . coffee . ever ! order the flat-white or the piccolo . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being someone from the west i found the customer service to be lacking , but that 's the small town in me . however ! the food was delicious ! we had two of the savory crepes and myself a shot in the dark . the crepes are home-made and made to order and the coffee is earthy and a bit sour , lovely flavors in your mouth . also , the atmosphere is modern yet cozy . a nice place to stop and have a healthy or sweet treat and a nice cup of coffee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from out of town and am checking out all the good coffee around madison . out the three places i 've gone to , this little shop is my favorite . as a barista myself , their batch brew is amazing ! i should 've gone back their a second time . best coffee in town . have n't tried their crepes but i 'm sure they 're great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! great espresso and the crepes were done to perfection . thought i was eating at a 5-star hotel . best coffee shop in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent breakfast spot .. great coffee , even better crepes . we had a ham and gouda crepe , as well as fresh peach . the atmosphere is small , quaint but inviting and relaxing . we will go back whenever we return to madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee . great crepes . great atmosphere . the shop is a little small and sometimes it 's busy because it 's so popular ! it 's a cute place and has good food and coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not come to this place until you 've thoroughly slept in that morning . as for the food , homemade whipped cream and nutella is a must , followed up with the savory kale , lentil , bacon , fried egg crepe . also , it 's vitally important to bring laptops , but not use them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , had the savory crepe for lunch . been there for breakfast and had the bacon maple scone ( simply perfection ! ) . go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! they were very helpful with recommendations , and chatty without over-doing it . their savory crepes were delicious , and the mocha was perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been wanting to stop at bradbury 's everytime i am in madison . too me , its the re-creation ( of the oh ' so needed ) coffeehouse . perfect menu . really this one is perfect ! their barista craft is 5 stars ( and i am coffee-craft critic ) , the menu is perfect , it 's all a crepe menu should be : a couple savory choices , a couple sweet choices- do what i do , order one of each . i had the spinach & egg & potato , with lovely winter radish slices on top , and a cinnamon whip creme , with a side of really here square on lemon curd . not everyone can manage lemon curd well and thats a fact . their 's was a+ . had a great small 6oz cap ( hello ... out there 6oz is exactly what it should be ) , and it was perfect . a big big round of applause for these folks that opened bradbury 's ! ! ! come on you guys cross the river and open one in minneapolis ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really appreciate food establishments that specialize in a certain item , and do it incredibly well . bradbury 's crepes are done exquisitely . the sweet and the savory crepes alike are to die for . i 've had both and have never been anything less than satisfied . all the ingredients are fresh , locally sourced , and manipulated in the best possible way . they serve kickapoo coffee -- which is always fantastic . their cold press coffee has a delicious hint of maple to it . it can get really busy and crowded , especially on a farmer 's market saturday . the seating is a bit tight and uncomfortable , but charming nonetheless . i love taking people here because they are always impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for cr\u00eapes and a great french press coffee , bradbury 's is sublime . my favorite combo is a latte with a honey , butter , and sea salt cr\u00eape . it is so simple and so perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's no wonder this place was named one of the best coffee shops in the city . i got the pleasure of trying out the chai latte with almond milk here and i must admit it was one of the best ones i 've ever had . the ambiance and customer service are great and you wo n't be disappointed . they have a wide selection of coffees , and feel free to ask for recommendations from knowledgable baristas . i will definitely want to go back to bradbury when i 'm back in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked this place for a light lunch while visiting a friend in madison . the iced chai latte was yummy , not too sweet . i ordered a savory crepe : bacon , mixed greens , tomato , topped off with a fried egg over easy . basically a blt crepe upgraded . i appreciated that they definitely did n't skimp on the bacon . it was really delicious and a fun take on crepes . the place is small but it 's bright and the people are really friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the whole grain taste of the crepes and chocolate sea salt is as good as other people say . smaller space . shared seating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing coffee - check . amazing crepes - check . super cute digs - check . so excited we discovered this gem on a recent trip to madison . went every morning for espresso and iced lattes . finally had crepes on the last day and wish we would have every day . the nutella and banana was fantastic . next trip back i 'll be here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for a quick breakfast before catching my plane to texas . the girl at the register was friendly and answered all my questions about vegetarian options with a smile . i ended up getting the potatoes and parsnips crepe with an egg on top , which was really good , but it took a while coming out . i think we waited for 20-25 minutes for the meal to actually come out , which was a surprise because crepe places do n't usually take that long . probably the most annoying thing was how small this place was . we were a party of 5 but there was barely any room to sit down . some of us had to wait until another party left before we could get a seat . i heard from my friends that the chai tea latte is phenomenal , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is amazing and the coffee is killer ! the coffee and dark chocolate scone was so good i wanted to cry ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seating is limited , but if you go when it 's not too busy , you 'll have an amazing experience . the coffee and the crepes are both excellent . the prosciutto crepe , in particular , is really delicious . there are always have at least one savory vegetarian crepe that 's quite compelling also . i ca n't wait to go back ! pro tip : if you have a sweater or jacket that you do n't regularly dry clean or launder , leave it outside . ( i hate when my clothes retain the smell of places , and the ventilation here is n't amazing . does n't stop me from going though because it 's so freaking good . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go-to sunday brunch place ! their crepes are absolutely out of this world . sweet or savory - you ca n't go wrong . their iced chai is phenomenal ... i do n't know what they do that makes it so different from all other cafes , but it is my favorite place in town to stop in and get a drink . the prices are reasonable and the staff is always really friendly . my only complaint is how small the cafe is , but i also think the small size works well with the vibe of the cafe - so it 's not a big deal by any means .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradburys is one of the trendier coffee shops in the downtown madison area featuring almost 360 degrees of natural sunlight , quirky menu placement , and a logo that screams for the eye 's attention . their trademark cuisine includes a variety of different crepes ranging from decadent desserts to a filling steak and potatoes option . all of the dishes are equally culinary triumphs and artistic creations . of course , bradburys also offers a plethora of coffee shop staples that will get you going in the morning or after lunch . all of the ingredients are purchased locally and their origins are chalked up on overhead boards for the curious food advocate . if you are looking for an amazing coffee shop that deviates from the norm in setting and menu , give bradburys a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bradbury 's is a cool triangle-shaped hipster holder with excellent local food . delightfully salty crepes and strong expresso . great people watching .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice . first time i got a sweet crepe , it was delicious . the banana and nutella is great . second time i had a savory ham and cheese crepe also very good . the actual restaurant is quite small with some seating outside . tables are shared . overall a great place for breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a coffee drinker but i still love this place ! the food is tasty and the location is great . only bad thing is the smell ! every time i leave my clothes have a thick smell from the roasting coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been told to try this place for a long time and today i finally did . i only went in for some coffee , which was indeed as good as i was told . i work off the capitol square and generally make stops at other coffee shops around there , but really bradbury 's is only a little bit further for me , and is worth the extra few minutes it takes to get there . i took my coffee to go , but there was seating and a few people there who seemed to be studying . one of the people who recommended this place to me though takes her kids ( who are 5 and 7 ) there for crepes , so from her i assume it can be kid friendly for older kids . like i said i only had a coffee ( sumatra ) , but i definitely want to try the crepes ( which just as many people have recommended to me as the coffee ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cozy as always . finally tried their specialty coffee ! and you know what ? i love their them . they are amazingly priced and taste better than a chain-business counterpart . love , love , love them . there food is great i like that there are always a few specials . going there with a group is not a great idea but rolling solo with a book is brilliant idea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "matt jarvis is an inspiration as a personal trainer . for him to take an activity like exercising , which for some people can be daunting , and make it fun and enjoyable just proves that he is the right person for the job . i have worked out with matt over the last several years and i still look forward to each time i get to work out with him . he has an excellent program and attitude to go with it . i would highly recommend matt to anyone looking for a great and effective workout and fitness regime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give -negative 10 stars , if it was possible via yelp . we had a horrendous experience with this company and it 's owner . the work was shoddy and even after a second chance to do additional work and fix the initial work , we were n't happy . the owner became belligerent and we had to force her to leave our home . she refused to refund the unused portion of our first payment . only after involving the nv contractors board , did we get a partial refund .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love my new countertops & backsplash that judy 's team fabricated & installed . judy helped us select our stones from rio stone . we used saturnia gold schist . american countertops did an excellent job fabricating & installing the countertops & backsplash . they are very reasonably priced compared to other contractors . judy was very flexible with our schedule & complete the task in 2 days . we are very satisfied & highly recommend that you use this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with judy and her staff . i got three bids for a quartz tub deck , two from much larger companies . the bids were all within $ 200 but judy 's bid did not charge extra for an ogee edge and she gave me time estimates that were met . this was a tricky , under mounted oval tub which required a custom template . the fabrication was done swiftly . they were here right on time to measure and to install . the crew were polite and cleaned up after themselves . the finished quartz is flawless . include this company on your bid list . i recommend them without reservation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am delighted to say i just had my wedding at chateau luxe on may 23rd ! it was the most magical day and i owe it to the staff at this venue . almost every single guest told me it was the most amazing wedding venue they have ever been to and the food was amazing . i do n't know what i would have done without rachell ! she made sure every detail was perfect and helped me through the whole wedding planning process ! i am a business owner and work a lot so i loved that this was a one stop shop kind of venue that i did n't need to run all over town for this or that . the chef is absolutely amazing , the head waitress was on top of everything on the wedding night , and one of the staff members ( fairouz ) even helped my bridesmaids get stains off their dresses . if i could give more stars i would . i 'm only sad my wedding is over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "feeling euphoric after an evening of making chocolate and baking among friends with exec chef during the chocolate affair event . chef gave a chocolate 101 on cocoa beans , finding the best chocolate and tasting the % differences . and then we baked ! chocolate truffles , chocolate bark and chocolate sponge cake - plenty to sneak a taste and plenty to take home , plus a signature apron and recipe cards ! perfect for a girls ' night , birthday party or team builder - i plan to bring my group for another experiential evening in the kitchen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so impressed with everything about my experience at chateau luxe . while it is off the beaten path , it 's nestled in the most beautiful location with a back patio facing some beautiful arizona foothills . we were here for an equality arizona awards dinner . everything from the service to the decor to the food quality was top notch . if you are thinking of having an event here , your guests will be well taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing place to have an event . the staff worked with us on several levels to ensure we got the wedding we wanted . the food was amazing as was the cake and deserts . we looked at several venues and did n't see one that even came close to the level of detail chateau has to offer . i would definitely recommend checking them out for any event .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i was thoroughly impressed with this venue . i attended the grand opening and was blown away at the versatile space and friendly staff . this place feels like you just walked in to a las vegas resort wedding venue ! ! ! i have musician friends who have played here and ca n't say enough about the vibe and experience . we were in desperate need of a venue like this in the valley to give couples more options than the traditional resort .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i emailed them almost a week ago asking for availability and more information since i 'm very interested in booking an event there . they read my message and still have n't responded . you would think it would just be better service for being such a beautiful place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this venue had terrible service and the food really was just not up to par . very disappointed . do not choose this venue , trust me ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommend this wedding venue ! they 're brand new , so there 's little out there on it currently . once we walked in , we were blown away by the beauty & sophistication of this brand new venue opening last year . staff was professional and accommodating the whole way through , and really went out of their way to make our wedding day so special and all our dreams come true . the food , made by world renowned chef , had guests coming up to us after the wedding telling us how great it was . definitely a must see in phoenix ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister had her wedding and baby shower here and everything was top notch amazing ! the food , the ambience the service ... all incredible . the space is absolutely stunning and for the price you absolutely can not beat it . you get luxury accommodations for what any other place would charge astronomically for . thank you for making our memories some we will never forget .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not recommend steelcase tires for seasonal tire change . i went to steelcase in november 2014 to put on my winter tires already mounted on rims . when i went to pick up the car at the end of the day , i was left standing at the counter waiting to be served , while the sales manager was just chatting . when i removed my winters , i immediately noticed that my rear wheels were way too overtorqued , and that one of the lug bolts had been installed at an angle , which ended up breaking when force was applied . since then , i contacted steelcase seeking reimbursement for the replacement of the wheel hub , which they had agreed to and paid . so koodos to them for taking responsibility .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got 2 front tires - aeolus brand for my car . priced reasonable and tire change and balancing was very quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was looking for a set of four all season tires , i originally planned on going to costco to buy tires but after going to three different location and getting turned away due to their garage appointments being full . i was so fed up driving all across the city each of these three different costco set up and visited this store that i was very happy to be served right away and when asked how long the service of changing in purchasing for new tires will take the sales clerk says about 25 minutes i was absolutely thrilled i agreed to the pricing which was very competitive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've probably bought from steelcase for 6-7 vehicles . great prices a few years ago . service was good back then . i would not look anywhere else for tires . the past 2 years , i went to get a quote , their prices were not great , and i found that they try to push certain brands . maybe for kickback from the manufacture , not sure , but i went in to get quotes for one brand and model and they recommended another brand and model . also , when you walk in there , the counter staff do n't acknowledge you because they are all busy on the phone . walk-in customers i think are more important , cause we made the effort to drive there and walk into your store . anyhow , i started shopping at another tire store , because tire prices are more competitive now and i hate long wait times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place sucks ! i went with a group of friends and stayed at new york new york . we were invited by one of their prs to their soft open and he said we would get in for free ; however , this was not the case . we were tricked into getting bottle service so that we would not have to pay for admission . we went in with 15 people and had to pay about 1300 bucks for bottle service . although we got two personal bartenders , they sucked at making drinks . the music was terrible and the club was nothing special . you would have to pay me to step foot in there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mmm ... do not think i will ever go back to this place again . our party only went because we were at nine fine irish men and they offered free cover . but inside , you will find a small , dank crevice of a space with coed bathrooms . the crowd i experienced was seedy and shady to match the environment . go somewhere else~ !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rok rocks because ... .on a friday night ... 2 years ago.. -2 vip sections for the price of 1 & got to pick which vip section -got our own personal security guard ( for the whole night ) -if you 're a hot chick you can cut a long line ( even with 4 dudes ) -360 degree tv that shows music videos imaging -personal security guard escorts you to the bathroom and back to vip with a flashlight", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why this club has a 2 star rating , but i had a great time here ! the music was definitely a good mix both inside the club and in the outside area . i think i love the place just for having an outside area , it can always get too crowded indoors and hot . also , the bouncer in the outside was very nice too , he let us sit for a little while to rest at the tables even though we did n't get table service . i was very thankful because my feet were killing me . all in all i enjoyed myself and the club was crowded inside , but not too crowded outside and maybe that 's not what everyone wants . shrug", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a night i had here . disclaimer : i detest thugged-out ass-drop hip hop . thats all we heard the night we went here . even a little lady-freakin-gaga would 've been better than the the awful crap they spun . this sort of place appeals to those who have a `` friday shirt '' that never gets worn to work . its the kinda joint where you have to be a little douchy , and a lotta lame to really enjoy it . that said , the enviroment design was pretty nice , and i thought the bartenders were on point and polite . otherwise though , this place barely `` roks '' if the dj did n't suck so bad , and actually mixed in some fun music ( i.e . anything without a reference to weapons , ghettos , or fat-assed chicks shakin it for someone 's money ) it might have been alright . oh well . if this is your scene , eat it up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can find a better party closer to my house in orange county or la . this is definitely the second tier , or third tier , frosh-soph junior varsity triple a league when it comes to nightlife in vegas . we went here after the pacquiao-clottey fight since we were n't up for dealing with getting in anywhere else at 12am on a saturday in vegas . club was alright , smallish , one big room , one big bar , one big dance floor . my biggest issue with this place : why was everything so sticky ? the dance floor is sticky . my drink glass was sticky . soon my hand was sticky . i am a clean person . i do n't like to feel gross . and i like to do it a little bigger in vegas than back home , so this place really falls short since i would pass on this place if it were in la or oc . fail . $ 20 cover is reasonable though especially for vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's literally rock-n-roll ! i like how it was free before 12 and how it brings you back to the 80s ! the crowd is not that diverse , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's so true . what happens in vegas stays in vegas . nothing special about the club itself . good dj , decent dance space , overpriced drinks . we were invited to dance inside a vip area ... crazy sh t went down . had a blast though ! it was definitely packed . luckily the night my 2 girlfriends and boyfriend went , ladies entered for free ( men for $ 25 ) . located inside the ny ny casino . not the best club i 'm sure , but fun nonetheless !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it helps when you get in for free and we were comped a bottle of vodka . plus they gave us 100 bucks off another bottle of kettle one . other than that- if you have been to the clubs in vegas- then you feel its average place feeling . music is a bit more old school than i would like- but i can tell management is trying hard- so thats a plus ! doorman was cool in escorting me in without waiting in line . but if you never really partied in vegas- then this is a great place to hit before tryst or xs . service is good - and the waitresses are very attentive . smaller club not as big as the others on the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great to start out the night . we were walking through the casino and some guy came up and got us and just walked us past the line inside for free . it was free champagne for a hour for ladies so we really enjoyed that . the bartenders and bouncers were all sooo nice ! the nice part of this place is the cool outside where the tables were open for everyone not just vip . my friends and i really liked the music here too . the crowd was just ok which is why i only gave it 3 instead of 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing staff , very professional and accommodating . scheduling is a breeze and they respond immediately . they know lashes and know what they are doing . perfect every time . beautiful studio .i drive from phoenix would not go anywhere else ! desiree is fabulous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a facial by des and it was amazing ! she does my lashes too . she 's the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst facial i 've ever had ! desiree used a mask that stung and itched as soon as she put it on my skin . i told her it was uncomfortable , and yet she even used it again later in the facial . when the facial was finally done , i got dressed and looked in the mirror -- and my skin was a bright red color ! ! ! desiree said this was `` normal '' and that my skin would be okay in an hour or two . seriously ? ! since when is a facial supposed to make you look and feel like your face has a bad sunburn ? i had to go home and put cold compresses on my face . fortunately , the redness and hotness of my skin diminished over a couple of hours . but this salon deserves zero stars !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this spa . i 've had kristina doing my nails for 6 years and always love them . when they started doing lashes i was first in line and have loved them every time . they take their time and make sure everything is done right . i get tons of compliments on my lashes . i usually have des wax my brows at the same appointment so my eyes are ready to go . i recently tried a facial with desirae and loved it . very relaxing and my skin felt very soft and refreshed . kristina does not bring in product until she has researched it and only brings in quality product . i recommend all of my friends here . client for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to get my first facial from desirae . i explained that i have super sensitive skin and she customized the perfect facial to fit my needs and left my skin baby soft ( try the microdermabrasion , it 's fantastic ) ! i was also pleased with the stellar customer service , feeling like i was more of a friend than a customer . no question , i will be returning to this relaxing spa , my skin has never felt or looked better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could rate this place higher i would ! for starters the little spa is adorable ! the bathroom is always spotless , there 's refreshments , and just an overall clean and relaxing atmosphere . i see desirae for my lash extensions and my god is she amazing . we started months ago with less dramatic lashes which i thought was a good call on her part so i did n't freak out . now i 've worked my way into these gorgeous long and curled lashes that i stare at pretty much any time i walk by a mirror . she 's gotten me addicted because she makes them look so natural despite them being obviously longer than regular lashes . desirae is also a very patient lash tech because every appointment i have with her it seems that one of my eyes has shed more than the other and she makes sure to fill it all the way . i definitely recommend this place for all your beauty needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . desirae and kristina are wonderful people who obviously care about their clients needs . very professional and personable . the type of people that make sure you are taken care of . i would recommend anyone go see them , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've seen dr yospur for an injury to my left hand and fingers . i was impressed by carrie who expedited my appointment to be seen due to the nature of my injury . dr yospur had to take me into the operating room for surgical repair and debridement of my injuries . everything from start to finish went very smoothly . my recovery was a piece of cake . i later had to see dr yospur for a ruptured breast implant which was treated in the same manner . carrie and dr yospur were very professional and prompt in handling both situations . it 's difficult to find this level of care . i highly recommend dr yospur for hand and plastic surgery procedures . my incision sites healed beautifully . thanks again guys ! ! i 'm so blessed to have met you both . if in the future i plan on having any plastic surgery done i 'll be sure to give you a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved my time with dr. yospur . initially i felt like he had terrible bedside manner and was perhaps overbooked and overly professional , but on my 2nd-4th appts i came to find out that he 's quite personable while still maintaining a very respectable professionalism . luckily for me i did n't need surgery for my hand but i would go back to him in a heartbeat because he was great . i loved the front office staff . their office made a rather unfortunate circumstance ( broken hand ) a pleasant experience . i 've referred many people to them since .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you kidding me ... this is a great little store in downtown champaign . convenient ! it 's a fully operational battlestar or pharmacy needs with all that you would expect from a corner store . a lot of folks do n't realize whats inside , they think it 's just a pharmacy . it 's much more . one star from 5 because they do n't have tamales like the shops in my old neighborhood in chicago ... not their fault i know . it 's just me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "completecare pharmacy in champaign is absolutely the best ! the people are friendly and the service is just excellent . like going to the little pharmacy of times past with all the niceties of modern day chain pharmacies . they even recognize me and remember my name when i come in ! a great inventory and convenient location in downtown champaign . if you live in the city and are n't using completecare , you are missing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the way every pharmacy should run ! ! ! helpful and friendly staff patient and informative as well . i moved my business here from walgreen 's and i couldnt be happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly people ! prices are on each item rather than on shelf which is kinda a throwback - thought they were n't displaying prices at first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the outside you think this would be a `` live music '' , rock or blues type of bar . the 2 story building is painted with a kick ass mural of hendrix and dylan . i went with a friend and we sat on the patio . i was slightly disappointed when our waitress informed us that it was n't really a music bar . although they might have an act perform once in a while . that was the last of any disappointment ... this place had a friendly waitress , great prices on alcohol , and an interesting `` bar food '' menu . i 'm hungry for some grilled cheese and sweet potato fries ! i will update and give more information on this review once i try the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were waiting for our table at snakes & lattes when we decided to head down the street to pour boy . some friends of ours allegedly visit here often , and rave about the cheap dive . very cool vibe . we went around 8 on a friday , and it was fairly busy but not packed . it was n't an issue to get a table . its 2 levels , and we decided on a cozy table downstairs ( lit by a cool little candle ) . service was prompt . we ordered 2 double gin & tonics , and after we finished ordering , she immediately went to the bar and made the drinks . the entire process took what seemed to be 2 minutes . she was also very friendly . we got the bill ( after another round of drinks ) . our 4 doubles brought the bill to a mere $ 28 . now that 's affordable . note that they accept cash only . overall , very enjoyable visit , and we would definitely go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall , solid experience and i had a good time ! the service is super overally relaxed so come when you have time to kill and can just enjoy a nice pint or some quality sangria ! prices are super fair and reasonable . food prices as well are awesome . there hops beer is lovely and has a nice kick and has a nice fresh after taste ! it 's a very open and chill atmosphere , i enjoyed my time on the patio here , it 's a tiny patio tucked in on manning and i great to enjoy on a warm summers evening", "score": "3"}
{"review": "imagine you 've accidentally brought your date to a poor restaurant in the area or you suddenly realized that they hate korean and you 're now looking for a place to drown that embarrassment with some booze . this is how i was introduced to pour boy . it 's a small and dark wooden place that at first glance seems like it would be rather dank but ends up being cozy and relaxing . the service was pretty friendly and the drink prices were very reasonable . now i have n't had any food here yet , but i genuinely recommend this place for a quick drink or a chance to relax and forget about your troubles . the low lit atmosphere actually makes it quite an enjoyable getaway when it 's raining or snowing heavily outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service and great food . owner always there . he makes sure you are taken care of and makes it a point to talk with everyone he can . he cooks when they are busy . if you 're not happy then tell him and he will make it right . i love the chicken or shrimp caesar salad as well as the hamburgers . you can have the food you order grilled , fried , or blackened . majority of the wait staff have been there a while and are very good at their jobs . if i had to identify any problem it would be that the smoke from the patio wafts in more than i would like it to ... but not enough to keep me from going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . great breakfast deals and their fish sammich is killer . do yourself a favor and try their fish fry . they have no cover ufc fights and trivia teusdays . i come here all the time and i will keep coming back . sometimes the service can be a little slow but for the most part i ca n't complain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fox 's has the best wings in town , delicious pizza , and literally the best ham and cheese sub i 've had in ages . the wings are breaded and baked . the pizza is very tasty and the cheese is mouthwatering . the ham and cheese sub is baked as well with an almost sweet mayonnaise and great veggies on top . did i eat there two days in a row ? yes , yes i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this pizza was so good ! i was hesitant to order the wings because the sauce comes on the side , but i 'm so glad i did ! they were great ! ! ! great prices too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since moving to ambridge , this is our go-to pizza place . great pizza , great prices . love their appetizers , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice family owned restaurant great service but ok pizza . it was very thin when you picked up the pizza it would fall down and be at my wrist . the pizza was not cut well and hard to tear . their cinnamon sticks were warm and a little chewy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed . they just opened and i was excited in anticipation to see the new store . i 've never experienced this before . went to get two items , eggplant and cucumbers . they did n't have either . it 's not like i was asking for an exotic vegetable . it 's too bad because i would 've made this my `` go to '' grocer . i 'm heading to sprouts now where i can rely on them having the vegetable i need .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was expecting a local food market where i can grab fresh produce and regular everyday items in at a quick easy location ( green valley has lost 3 markets in 2 years ) . i was disappointed . the produce area is very small with very high prices . ( $ 3.69 a pound for apples shipped all the way from argentina ) . i do n't mind paying a fair price for fresh local produce , not for stuff picked 2000+ miles away . half this small store is dedicated to organic lip balm , scented soaps and all natural make up . i wish more actual food was available . most of the brands are unfamiliar and i was n't feeling up of experimenting and trying stuff ive never heard of at higher than normal prices . staff was nice and the store is well organized and clean , i just do n't see myself shopping here on a regular bases .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am so glad this place exists ; i only wish there were one closer to me ! i eat a clean vegan diet , so while it 's possible to find all of my favorite foods at nearby grocery stores , it usually takes a few trips between smiths , sprouts , and whole foods . natural grocers is way earlier and way more affordable than whole paycheck . i loaded up on dry goods including oats , tea , nutritional yeast , and spices yesterday . their bulk section is unreal . also , the service is amazing . when i walked in , i was greeted immediately by a cashier , and while looking for citric acid , who employees jumped in to help me find it quicker . if you 're looking for a natural grocery store and or if you have an obnoxious diet like me , definitely check them out ! i run a vegans in vegas blog , and will definitely be shouting natural grocers out on there as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is going to change the world . i love the healthy environment the store gives off to its customers . i hope everyone will see this store for the value it gives to society . i 'm already a huge fan and life long customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a small version of whole foods . staff is very friendly and willing to assist customers . pricey but they offer organic everything . they also have a large vitamin health area . they lack a meat counter . all of their meat poultry is prepackaged and so far i 've only seen frozen fish instead of fresh . for a place that touts healthy food this is a disappointment . they have a nice selection of vegan food but most of what they carry i can find in sprouts . i 'll continue to give this new store a visit here and there but i 'm not sure it will be part of my usual shopping routine just yet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as others have said , a combination between trader joes and sprouts whole foods . prices are less than wf on majority of items , about the same or less than sprouts . friendly staff , great selection of organic produce . when they opened , i gave them a list of vegan food items they did n't carry ; its nice to see the majority of them are now stocked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service here is horrible ! as soon as i walked in the two cashiers at the front stopped talking and just stared at me . not even a greeting or anything . i just ignored it and kept shopping , but later an employee tried to get my attention by calling me `` girl '' , not even like ma'am or anything . unfortunately , the products here looked promising but i definitely wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great little local grocer . fantastic heath and beauty section . lots of hard to find products at reasonable prices . a less pretentious version of whole foods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "better than trader joe 's ! the stuff here is absolutely amazing ! i will definitely be returning for all of my grocery needs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love having a natural grocery store in my neighborhood . the prices are pretty decent . not as high as whole foods and not as low as large super markets . they have many vegan and gluten free options . staff are super friendly and they do n't use plastic bags . i am so happy this place opened up . they should add a smoothie and coffee stand and offer vegan samplers and i might never want to leave lol . by the way customer service is outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was so bad that i got up half way through our meal to go shopping for chinese movies came here last week for lunch with my family . my aunt had an ad from the newspaper which offered a free dessert if you spend over a certain amount . the first waitress did not want to honor it . the second waitress honored it , but they ran out of ingredients for it . they ended up giving us shaved ice w red bean , taro and tapioca .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here on a monday afternoon for lunch and ordered the orange chicken lunch special , for $ 7.76 1. egg drop soup 2. plate of orange chicken 3. bowl of rice - inside chinatown mall . - seated right away with a dirty menu . - cheap lunch . $ 6.25 for orange chicken . - made fresh . i was a bit hesitant thinking that the food was probably pre-made on a tray like at panda express , but it came steamy hot in front of me . - crispy . orange pieces . would have been nice if it came with a side salad . - fortune cookie . happy ending . - lots to pick from on their lunch special menu . i will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a bunch because this is one of the few places i can eat near work . i 've always enjoyed their mongolian beef , but after eating here on 12 25 14 ( thanks to every place being packed ) i do n't know if i 'll be back . i 've had their spicy lamb . avoid - it 's mostly just straight up jalape\u00f1o peppers with some lamb . it 's also $ 14 after tax . during christmas , i tried their braised eggplant and enjoyed it . unfortunately , the duck we got seemed precooked elsewhere and slightly reheated for us . that 's basically a kiss of death for me when it comes to restaurants . after reading about their health code violations , i do n't think i can justify going back . every time i 've been , the restaurant has been empty - so they have nothing but time to clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is so good that i have to write a review . last night my friend and i were craving for chinese food . went to china town and i remember walking through the china town mall and seeing this restaurant in the middle , in the past . i 'm sad i did n't get a chance to try it til now cause it 's so delicious ! we ordered seafood fried rice , pig ears , salt and pepper shrimp and a whole fish fried with chili sauce . everything we ordered came out perfectly satisfying for our taste bud . i would defiantly recommend the fried fish with the chili sauce because its prob the best fried fish with such a flavorful sauce . i really enjoy trying new things and the pig ear was cooked very well , once again it was extremely flavorful . all four dishes for under $ 44 after tax !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a hidden gem . the cost in lv china town can get crazy . this place has traditional chinese food and also does boba .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my review is based on company catered lunch . for company celebrations , we are given a budget . and it is important for us to ensure we provide a nice selection and an abundance of food to ensure everyone participates , including our vegetarians . and of course , taste matters . we order from da sheng all the time . although the catering menu will say that a pan of beef lo mein or beef brocolli will feed 8 - 10 people , it has managed to serve 25 . this time , we needed to feed 85 very deserving employees . we ordered 2 full pans of house lo mein , 1 full pan veggie lo mein , 2 full pans egg rolls , 2 full pans of beef brocolli , pork and string beans , lemon chicken and rice = less than $ 7 person . 85 well fed , happy , sleepy productive employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i first came to this `` years '' ago , so we decided to go here again on a ladies lunch date . the food is good here and prices are great , but the service needs improvement ( do n't know how that all that works out ) . the lunch specials are good as well , so be sure to catch that and the buy one get one boba special as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "haha daaam ... all i have to tell u is ... this place is fuckin amazing ! ! ! ! this is seriously some of the best dam asian food i 've ever had in my life ! ! ! ! get the mongolian beef ! ! ! ! ! ! ! and must get the crab wontons ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty typical chinese-american cuisine . we had the beef broccoli , spicy lamb , fish fillet with snow peas , and west lake beef soup . the lamb was not spicy at all , but nonetheless it was tasty . the soup was quite authentic and i 'd recommend it . the other two items were ok. we also got boba ( buy one , get one free ) , which was decent . 3.5 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never had the guts to eat here because it 's always empty when i come around here . finally ate here and i was n't impressed . sodas came by the can so you have to pay for refills obviously . the food was okay and the price is pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only reason why i give 4 is because it was kinda warm , probably about 83 degrees in the restaurant ... other than that it would of been a 5 star . the customer service was great , friendly staff . lunch was 6.25 comes w soup & rice . then they have buy 1 get 1 free boba milk tea or boba thai tea ! loved my visit here . will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chinese food so it makes me sad writing bad reviews . we stood there for a while until someone finally asked if we wanted to sit . took a while for the waiter to come . got the curry chicken . absolutely disgusting . i ca n't even believe that was chicken . so gross . how can you mess up chicken ? it did n't come with rice which was weird . i wanted to order some and it took almost half an hour to get someone 's attention so i could get rice . ended up eating the rice with the curry sauce because the chicken tasted like plastic . super chewy and did n't taste like meat . i would never ever come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is awesome here ! ive been happy everytime , the first time i ordered here i didnt know i had to ask for boba in my drink so i was somewhat upset about that [ but the drinks were still really good ] , but this time i made sure to ask for boba , the only thing was that the taro slushy tasted a little ... powdery lol but everything else was amazing ! the food is super yummy , my favorite is the salt & pepper shrimp ! i will deffinately order here again ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food = not that great but it wasnt always like that.. i remember the dishes being quiet delicious the first time coming here . the taste is just not consistent enough.. i think they have multiple cooks ? who knows . but why 5 stars ? ! the drinks.. i loveeeeee their drinks . the perfect blend of milk teas and fruit teas makes me a very happy customer even if the food is not up to par . if you dont come eat , come get a drink at least ! you wont regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i gave this place one star , but i really meant zero . they charged higher prices than what was on the menu and when we brought it to their attention , they denied it , saying they had a `` special price '' . the food itself was oily and salty , and the boba was gross . it was hard and you could tell at least a couple of days old . service was very rude and unresponsive , and we were n't able to tip less than their forced 15 % that they printed on the receipt . overall , a lot of lies on their promotions and menu , and food was less than mediocre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just tried it for the first time . ordered curry chicken and beef fried rice . curry chicken was ... slimy . not what i 'm used to with curry chicken . tastes bland . fried rice was good , but it 's hard to screw up fried rice . they give free egg rolls to first time customers . they are bite-sized and pretty gross . friendly service though . doubt i 'll do repeat business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another great yelp recommendation . this restaurant is n't much on ambiance being in the center of the mall and being wide open , but the food and price ca n't be beat ! went for the first time last night and order beef chow fun - was served steaming hot , and very tasty . the need was tender and the noodles perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 stars because they delivered fast without a problem and to top it off we 're in a hotel ... . the food was good not the greatest but if u want something fast and easy for dinner and need delivery they 're great at that ... i wish i had some hot sauce , i love hot sauce lol so that kinda was a bummer the rice was really good ... all in all 4 stars for the service ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy coming to this place at night after a long day at work . the workers are very sweet patient people . the food portion is more than enough , i always end up having left overs . do n't be fooled by the empty scene , this place is definitely worth trying . i recommend the house fried rice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ran into this place after no . 1 boba was closed just to get some milk tea boba . let 's just say i will never go back to this place . the service was terrible the guy at the register was not very friendly and was rude to me . it 's a shame because the boba was good and at a decent price but because of the way i was treated i will never come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is solely on the food and service not inside because i ordered to go . so i walked in here after being pissed off from this douche bag place next to the 99 cent market wanting duck . i ordered the zha jiang mein . its a noodle based soup . tiny chucks of meat with small parts of tofu looking squared things in the sauce . it smells good , but if you eat all of it . your done for . watch out cause that foods heavy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their green milk tea . it 's the best i 've ever had . the green milk tea is light . they mix the drink when you order them so when you get it 's not completely mixed . you still can see the tea separate from the milk . the green milk tea is n't overly sweet like other places . i think they use liquid sugar . their country noodle is tasty . i do n't think they use msg . all the servers are nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food great service . `` must try '' place . i spent four days in las vegas and went to this place for three nights . my mom and i love the food here and the service is really warm and patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late review but we ordered four drink . i dropped two of them and i went back to see if i could i just put them in another cup , but they said no we will give you two new drinks . they really took care of us . i know some restaurants wo n't even do that and if you drop it you 're sol . i know accidents happen but these guys went above and beyond . they really know how to take care of their customers . five stars today", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is only for the beef chow fun . they did a good job cooking it , large portion and cheap too ! it was a little under salted but the included hot sauce fixed that . the service leaves a bit to be desired but kind of expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` da sheng '' must translate to `` crappy service '' . the waiter was a total grump . no plates , no utensils , no water , basically no service . we had to ask for everything yet got a grump attitude . i realize there is embellishment when looking at food pictures , but the pictures on the wall did n't even come close to what the food looked like . specifically the `` sliced pork with garlic sauce '' ... watch out the dish is served cold and the garlic is also raw . their salt and pepper pork should have salt and pepper pork bones . there were more bone shards in this dish than pork . there was no mention that there was no lunch specials as listed in the menu due to the cny holiday . hence we were charged dinner prices for our lunch . they also added 15 % tip to the bill automatically . we had 3 in our party . wo n't be returning to this place . save your money and try another place ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , i was hoping this food would be delicious , because the service was great , it arrived promptly , and the delivery guy was very nice . i am very sad to say it was the absolute worst take out i have ever had in las vegas . the wontons were very generic no flavor at all . pork fried rice- i ca n't even call it fried rice , the rice was really soft and tasteless . i 'm not sure what type of meat was in it , we ordered pork fried rice but it was very mushy . salt and pepper chicken wings- just fried wings with a slice of jalepeno on top , tasted zero salt . kung pao chicken- appeared to be and tasted the same as the meat that was supposed to be pork in the fried rice , it was very greasy and mushy , i could not eat it at all . a waste of money and i will not reorder from here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had an excellent fish ball soup , chinese broccoli , and on choy . the two veggie dishes were perfectly cooked , the waitress was friendly , cheerful , and spoke perfect english . the boba was fresh and 2 for 1 . da sheng chinese cuisine is in the plaza showroom part that sports `` chinatown express restaurant '' on the outside of the building , but it is the only restaurant inside . it was comfy and a good choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seafood soup and fried rice were excellent for this oddly placed restaurant inside a mini mall in chinatown . the main hostess was not super friendly , and appeared on the verge of a psychological breakdown , but the menu had great options and we were not disappointed in the food . after lunch or dinner , check out the stores nearby for gifts , books , and hello kitty fare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have amazing chicken fried rice , and the egg foo yong is n't too bad either . service is reasonable . if you have a craving for fried rice , i recommend da sheng .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food taste pretty good . the rice cake was not that authentic ( not shanghainese flavor ) the crispy chicken is not good ( it 's like soaked in soy sauce lol ) but the beef noodle is amazing ! drinks buy one get one free ( forgot to check the prize for one ) the spicy fish is good . we ordered 5 dishes and 5 drinks for $ 72 . one star off for being a bit pricey . overall : nice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love there hot and sour soup , one of the best ones i have ever tried . good service , nice portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well the food was very good , had the cashew chicken and fried rice lunch special . but the service was the absolute worst ever ! we walk in no signs saying wait to be seated or seat yourself , so we sat down . we waited forever and finally i went up and asked if we order at the register or not , the man says i will bring menus over . then we wait some more . finally a lady comes over and takes our order . we see people leaving because they still havent taken their order . we are done eating , and not once did anyone come by to see how we were doing , nothing ! unacceptable ! so we wait and wait finally we go up and just pay at the cash register !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one thing i hate the most is , i bought something to eat , and when i am hungry , i expected to get what i paid for . it 's so simple , i order the fish , i expect to see fish , but instead i see beef , i normally eat in the restaurant , but today i ordered togo , then i got home , i see something i can not eat , and i even paid tip to the waiter because i trusted him , i go to the restaurant like twice a month , i always order the same thing , and this is what i get , thanks a lot , never coming again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place gets five stars for the most delicious beef noodle soup anywhere . it is called `` house special beef noodle soup '' . it costs $ 7.95 plus $ 0.64 tax . it feeds two at lunch . eat here for lunch then go to ranch 99 for asian groceries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall the food and service is average . we ordered shrimp with scrambled eggs ( shrimp is large , good portion however a little too salty ) string bean with garlic sauce ( a-ok ) preserved veg with pork hot pot ( a little too sweet for me besides that it 's good ) con : they charge for steam rice . ( my cousin who lived in vegas says most chinese restaurant do no charge for steam rice ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been with other storage facilities over the years and been very disappointed . storamerica has been a god sent . i have had really bad customer service at the other places , but the managers here were so helpful . they had really great specials , the facility is amazingly clean , it even smells good . i spoke to a couple who has been there for a few years and they told me that they have not had any negative experiences since renting their unit , so i 'm optimistic with this one , lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fair prices , friendly service . if you can live with the limited access hours ( ie : not 24 7 like some other storage facilities ) , this is a good choice . very clean , and because the hours are limited to expanded business hours , the manager ( maria ) sees everyone coming and going . if you 're storing computer equipment ( like harddrives ) , the climate control seems to work well . ( i 'll know more when summer comes to phoenix ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was very friendly . the person who filled in for maria was exceptional after speaking to nicole 2 days prior and gave me inaccurate information on my storage price this person gave me a different price as a move in special for only 3 months . the site says zero payment for first month but it 's actually 29.99 . then the rate is only good for 3 months and then goes up . nicole did n't state that . i was told a certain amount for as long as i rent ... not accurate . i rented anyways as location is great . the staff was friendly and the site was clean this is the only reason why i gave a 4 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i researched about twelve different companies and initially selected storamerica for it 's competitive pricing . further dealings with them proved to be immensely satisfying . there is no question they want to earn your business and take good care of you . district manager clarissa and maria ( not sure her title ) were impressive . caring , friendly , fun , organized ; and the facility is clean and cool , and very security minded . i recommend storamerica to anyone looking for affordable , safe storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , the staff was friendly and very helpful . it was clean and they gave me a move in special the was accurate . it was $ 49 and that included everything , i had looked at another place that said $ 1 rent for the first month and by the time they got finished with the other charges it was around $ 75 . i definitely recommend this place , they are great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service . maria helped me get the right size unit for my stuff and even offered a free move in truck ! the whole process was quick and easy and i was impressed with how incredibly clean it was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best card stores in the city , by far ! because of the vast selection of beautifully designed greeting cards , it 's not always easy to make a choice ... each card is nicer than the next . the staff are super friendly which makes shopping here a pleasure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ... and hate it ... but mostly adoration . i just wish i was rich so i could buy basically everything here . i go here to buy cards . i go here to buy expensive , gorgeous , classy gifts . i go here to browse in luxurious , beautiful paper goods , paper ephemera and office accessories . my fancy business card holder is from here ... . now i 'm saving for the matching fancy pen . donations welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute and beautiful store . they sell so many lovely things . i stopped in on my way back to the car from an alterations place across the street . they carry a line that i love that i thought was only available in massachusetts ( farmhouse ) and a wide array of other scents . if only i lived closer ! really nice people run this place as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely a must-visit in the neighbourhood . the service is always helpful and friendly ; they really go out of their way to make sure you find exactly what you want . the selection of cards and writing paper , wrapping paper , speciality pens ... it 's all high quality stuff . no junk . luxury quality , which is refreshing in this day and age ! congratulations to the owner for building such a gem in the neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly service but unfortunately their stock always seems low . i tried for several different types of walking shoes and they did not have my size in any of them . so although they have great prices in the ads the actual stock is very limited . but i always hope for the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a horrible experience . i walked in knowing exaxtly what i wanted , and it was an item behind the counter . i had to wait , and and inconvience an employee to help me . when i went to pay for it , there was 5 employees up front ( with 1 register going ) and a few customers waiting in line . the employess were complaining that some of their shifts were over , and were also complaining that they do n't get paid enough to work past their shifts . so again i was inconveniencing them by try to purchase something from their store . if i owned this place and heard or saw the staff acting like this , i would fire all of them and start over with staff who would appreciate the job", "score": "1"}
{"review": "entered the store to really friendly helpful staff ... the store is packed full of fun things to buy . you are able to buy the tonto pass at this location . i need to go back just to be able to look at everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been to this location of big 5 sporting goods several times and have always had great service and great selection ! the people there are very nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , easy , and clean . head in , get what you want , pay , head out . favorite sporting good store around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never shopped at this big 5 until the other day and i was so gleefully surprised . the customer service i received from the cashier named jordin was phenomenal . she made sure i had all that i needed and even sold me on some other things i needed and was debating on . she was very respectful and even told me to drive safely . forget all the other sporting good stores ! this location has my loyalty for many years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite big 5 store ... helpful polite workers . i find something i want at a great price whenever i shop there . no problem with returns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty happy with my purchase today . i found a pair of man 's sandals and looked like it 's under sale . the store guy told me it was on sale last week but no longer . then i asked if he can do me a favor to give me the sale price and he agrees . i checked out but continue shopping for something else and got about $ 40 other things . i then asked the check out guy if i can return that shoes and combine all the things i want to buy so that i can use a 10 off 50 coupon . he agrees with the manager 's consent and did working for a while to return my shoes and combine my stuffs together .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can tell that a lot of people come here for the product but not the delivery of it . my boyfriend 's americano was great and the cider was fantastic - not too sugary and extremely appley . also loved the giant cinnamon stick . i wondered if the prices were out of the price range of people in the neighbourhood . decor has to be slightly worked on - not a lot of comfy places to sit , and i ca n't really understand the giant plywood board at the front of the store with pillows - it seems highly uncomfortable , even with the pillows . i 'm not a regular cafe wifi user and am not in the hood , but i can see what other users mean by the lack of wifi and the times being super inconvenient . i do like , however , the tv showing when the next ttc streetcar is coming , that was a highly courteous addition ... . hope they can extend that to their hours and wifi coverage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no wifi . bad hours . not cozy . this area badly needs a nice cafe that invites one to hang out and kick back , but grinder is n't it yet . grinder needs to add wifi , stay open after dark , and replace the cafeteria style tables with something that encourages one to relax and think ( and drink coffee ) all day long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "last stop on the indie coffee passport ! ! this place is across from gerrard square . again the setup was surprising good for this area and the patio was just amazing ( bit noisy as it faces the main gerrard drag ) . i ordered my cappuccino and picked a table outside as i wanted celebrate the passport finale with a cigar . the serving is generous . no latte art . the milk itself was frothed well . the espresso was mellow but the drink itself was quite decent . 2.5 for the cappuccino with 4 star for the setup and 5 for the sitting area outside . same quality as 2011 now the sad thing is that they have removed the patio seating though one can still find a spot to sit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what is up with everyone thinking they can charge starbucks prices ! ? i mean for over $ 5 for a chai latte your chai better be brought in on a golden elephant ! ! ! ( and if it is can i pet it ? ) i ca n't even comment on whether it 's good or not because i was hard pressed to spend that much on something that is tea and milk ! ! and their bran muffin was a tad dry . oh and if you 're hitting up this place after mom baby yoga like i was - make sure to bring a buddy because navigating the stairs and door without a helper is fairly impossible ... you may as well head over to the cheaper and accessible tim horton 's across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the coffee is absolutely delicious - probably the best latte i 've had in ages . that said , for $ 4.20 ( one size only ) , it better be the best latte ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came in today completely unaware of their early closing hours , but i travelled far to get my coffee passport stamped and hopeful on a delicious drink . firstly , the barista was incredibly rude . a couple relevant questions were asked to which passive aggressive and monotone 1-word responses were given . by the look of its reviews , grinder ca n't afford to give attitude nor get choosey with customers . apparently it also ca n't afford to train it 's employees . now to the drink ; my latte tasted so bad it was binned after 1 sip . generally i ask for alternative milk & rarely depend on dressing my coffees ; the end product of what this barista made tasted like wet paper that no amount of additives & improvising could have saved its miserable life . nothing positive to say . major disappointment after wishing for a good 'non-timmies ' coffee shop for this neighbourhood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried an americano at grinder today and it was decent . the espresso is great , but not my favourite in toronto . this is more of a personal preference though . the atmosphere and area is really cool and the people working there were very friendly . there was a ton of delicious looking treats and i picked up a home baked granola bar ( delicious ! ) . their prices are a little higher than other coffee places in toronto . i look forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "based solely on a flat white coffee ; very good . i like the newer spots popping up around gerard ( i do n't live there , do n't usually bother going in that area ) , it helps improve the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really 3 1 2 stars . the barista was charming . she was having a lovely conversation with some people at the counter but without missing a beat , took my order and prepared my americano while also preparing an order of food for another customer . pretty impressive . i have been to grinder coffee before , and remembered too late that i 'd had an americano on my previous visit as well . sadly i did n't love it then or now - a bit too thin for my taste - but i would definitely return and try something else . the bench on the sidewalk in front of the cafe features a silhouette of a person sitting , arms outstretched , as if enjoying the chance to watch the world go by . it 's a quirky introduction to a very nice cafe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a nice , local coffee shop , but it does n't measure up to the city 's best ( rooster , crema , mercury , dark horse and the like ) . the barista today was very friendly and helpful . he asked how much foam i wanted on my cappuccino , and i said `` none '' . it ended up quite foamy , but i took it , no complaints . when i went up to ask for the wifi password , he asked if it had too much foam . he had realised that it probably did , and offered to make another . i said that it was ok ... no problem . he asked , `` are you sure ? '' positive ! anyhoo , after i finished it , i jokingly told him he could make it up to me by giving me a half cup of brewed coffee , just so i could sit a bit longer . he insisted on making me an americano , gratis . he really aimed to please . service means a lot , eh ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the espresso was a well balanced solid shot with good flavor , just a bit bitter but none the less i found it uninspiring . frankly , at $ 3.40 for an espresso , i was expecting more . the place itself , as others have mentioned , is very nice , staff was friendly ... . coffee is good but not on par with places like fahrenheit or te aro etc . that being said , in this part of town it is most likely your best bet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "grinder has become my go-to local coffee shop . i ca n't speak for their other coffees but their cappuccinos are almost always excellent - done in the traditional italian way , as good as the ones i had in italy - strong espresso , foam tamped down into the milk and poured directly in rather than dabbed on top . a small one is $ 3.35 , tax included . all desserts look good but i can only speak personally for their luscious dark chocolate brownie . sandwiches , soups and stews are all made in house . james , the owner , was formerly a restaurant chef and it shows in the quality of the offerings . baristas range from very charming and friendly to polite and distant - all of them know how to make a traditional cappuccino . actually , the space is n't very large and the only negative for me is that it can sometimes feel crowded and noisy - a small price to pay for my daily cappuccino fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good cozy spot for coffee with really nice people at the helm . their baked-goods selection is excellent , and they even carry pec donuts ! sandwiches and ice cream round-out the offerings . a side-patio is available , with lots of casual seating . the bleachers on the outside wall offer some nice solo seating as well . all in all , a very serviceable cafe , with above-average coffee for the area . i do n't hesitate to drop in when i feel the urge for a cappuccino when i 'm puttering about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "drink menu is always changing depending on the season . loved their hazelnut hot chocolate , and the barista is also a very talented artist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i left feeling underwhelmed . the atmosphere is nice , though much better coffee is to be had in toronto . that being said , i 'm not sure if this place has any worthwhile competition in the area . if you 're far east on gerrard , it 's still worth a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered a tea and egg sandwich and was served promptly and cheaply . the egg salad was great although a little runny and the tea came in a very hot mug with no handle - my only complaints . the employee was friendly and the music was some of the best i 've heard in a toronto coffee shop ! the wifi was free and fast and the chairs comfy .. i 'll definitely be returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a nice place , and it has a lot of potential , but it needs to add non-sweets to the menu , and should open on sundays .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "coffee was ok , glad to grab one just before going to work . wish they had more choice in types of coffee though . awesome treats and sandwiches ! great addition to the area ! its a cozy spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to drop by and checkout this place on a cold afternoon . i purchased an america no with a double shot of espresso . it tasted decent . $ 3 . the decor is nice , artsy and casual , and the staff and patrons were friendly . the menu however consisted of three types of montreal bagels ranging from $ 3-7 and some cellophaned wrapped squares , muffin , and cookies . they have free wifi and lots of tables and a comfortable couch . it 's a great low key hangout and a local alternative to the chain coffee houses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always friendly which is refreshing . good coffee and a pretty decent bagel when you 're hungover !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "under new management . free wifi . great atmosphere and the baristas are very friendly . i do n't drink coffee but judging by the comments i 've overheard , it 's quite excellent . the teas are moderately varied and wonderful . the baked goods are fresh and baked onsite . yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little place . i got an americano and wish i would gotten a regular coffee . it is all fresh grind . my americano is good , just too much water .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the view might not be the best looking at gerrard square ... but the coziness and friendliness of grinder coffee make up for that . i like those little round bistro like round table , perfect size for a net book and a cup of coffee ... barista took my order at the counter and asked me just take a seat and she would bring it over.. great services even with me using my coffee passport . my cappuccino has this nice milk froth , though look quite thick but not creamy at all ... in fact it is smooth and velvety.. i spooned it up like a little mousse dessert ... free wifi but you need to ask for the password ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for a couple of years now . it was recommended in passing , and i 'm so glad that it was . i 've never really had too much interest in flowers , but being a guy i knew that i was obligated to buy them for special occasions as well as the occasional just because . until i happened upon this shop , i had tried other florists and even picked them up at the grocery store . never again . seeing what comes out of this shop is amazing . i have never seen so much dedication go into a floral arrangement . ardelia has made this an art . i have never been disappointed and i 'm sure you wo n't either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i , and my family , have been using flowers by donka for more than fifteen years for all sorts of occasions . we have never been disappointed with the arrangements or live plants . i 've recommended this shop to many people through the years and have never heard anything negative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i had picked the right out of town florist but obviously not . i paid $ 147.00 for an arrangement of birthday flowers to be delivered about 5 miles from this florist . the woman on the phone assured me that for the price that i was willing to pay that the flowers would be spectacular for my aunt 's 90th birthday . i thought everything was fine until weeks later when my other aunt came into town and showed me photos of the arrangement . she said that the flowers were nice but looked like they came from your typical grocery store . i was shocked when i saw the pictures and the flowers that were used . actually i was embarrassed that that arrangement was sent . clearly , 2 weeks after the fact there 's nothing much i could do about it other then post this disappointment and let you know if you are reading this to possibly shop elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom received flowers for her 80th birthday and she said that they were the prettiest flowers she had ever seen in her entire life ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used best movers us a few weeks ago moving into our new home . they were excellent . by far , the best moving experience with movers i have every had . the crew worked hard and fast to move everything . they also did a great job of taking care of our stuff . i would recommend this company again and would use them again if i ever moved again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "juan and team moved my parents furniture from lincolnton to mint hill in 90+ degree temperatures ... they have a really nice crew of guys that work for them . i wish i would have asked for the other guys names so i could have mentioned them too . they used extreme care moving my parents furniture and helped us move it from room to room to ensure it was placed exactly where we wanted it . i highly recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a small treasure that i found ! true it 's not busting at the seams with people trying to get in , but that 's why i called daisuki a small treasure . and it 's all mine . heh heh.. : op the sushi there is very fresh ! true , their menu is not as extensive as other places i 've been to , but who cares when the quality of sushi you get is so good ! my fav roll there is the green dragon roll . their rolls are huge . so good ! the staff is attentive and helpful . i love eating here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all you can eat japanese . we decided go order from the menu instead of the all you can eat buffet . worst service ever . 10 tables 4 were occupied including our party of four . it took 40 minutes for our order to come and it did n't all come at the same time . only one of the orders came . which left the other 3 staring at walls . the other orders came within the next 15 minutes one at a time 10 minutes apart . our appetizers came after two of my friends finished their lunch . one of my friend cancelled his order because he ate our left over food . i 've been here a few times in the past and the service was always poor . i go here because my sons school is near by . but today was the worst ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! the manager called my table son of bitches ! and they charged us $ 4+ higher ! cuz we have 6 people with us and ordered food . they get so snubby on us , when we ordered more food.. is n't that the purpose of all you can eat ? we just wanted a 2nd round and they get so mad i 'm so psst , i just finished today and you know what . im not going back there ever again.. the manager gave me an attitude and the food never came out . horrible horrible horrible ! do n't waste your money here . zero customer service ! never ever going back again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there for lunch yesterday and though there was no line up , there was a dining room full of people . the food was excellent . the sushi is fresh and the selection of rolls was extensive . for the lunch price of $ 11.99 it is well worth it . i would recommend trying this restaurant when you are n't in a hurry to get anywhere as the service was slow . this was expected as the number of tables that kept coming in were overwhelming the small number of staff on hand . despite the slow service , the staff were helpful and friendly . as another reviewer has said , the selection is not as extensive as yang 's menu , but the quality of the food will bring me back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lunch ayce is now $ 13.99 . looked over the ayce but really could n't find much that i liked so opted for the a la cart option . bolgogi tempura bento $ 8.95 bolgogi sashimi bento $ 10.95 both bento box came with miso soup , salad and white rice . food was pretty average . the tempura was done pretty well though . for the price everything was pretty decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "daisuki is an awesome place to eat when you are out for a casual time with friends . it is very non descript , and there are usually no more than 3 staff at any time , but the food is fresh and awesome . i always get the ayce . it 's a deal for $ 12 for lunch ! unlike the other ayce places i have been to in markham , they do not overload the rice on the maki -- its protien first here ! never had a bad meal , the staff is super friendly , and even my kids love it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an ayce sushi in east markham ? seems too good to be true . unfortunately , it is . the food here failed to meet my already low expectations . the sushi rice was mushy and over cooked , sashimi was still partially frozen and cut in to odd shapes ( i 'm sure they were the end pieces that usually get turned into rolls ) , tempura was over battered , dense , and soggy . considering they are charging about the same as other ( significantly better ) ayce sushi places , i was very disappointed . menu selection is a little odd , they have a large selection of rolls but a poor selection of everything else . so good if you like rolls , bad if you like everything else . i wish i had better things to say about the food , i want this place to do well as it is close to home . the waiter was amazingly friendly and personable . i love supporting small local businesses . but unfortunately this is one i can not get behind .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . very well priced especially according to the size and taste . the spicy salmon roll ( $ 5.50 ) and spicy tuna roll ( $ 5.50 ) are incredible and cheap ! ! i go very often and the quality never fluctuates . all their appetizers are as good as it gets.. the miso soup , their tempura etc.. they offer 10 % discount with cash payments . the staff is vey accommodating and they 're typically pretty fast with taking your order and bringing your food out . decor is kind of plain but oh well.. i recommend this place and i will be definitely be going back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service ... make sure you double check the menu and prices as i was surprised to know that what i ordered from the menu was now going to cost me more as the server brought over a `` revised rate '' menu ... worst of all she told me this when she served the dish , when i questioned why she didnt tell me this before , she picked up the dish to take it back when we have been sitting there for 10 mins waiting for our food ... the lack of service is enough for me to never return back ... . after all its markham , there are 100+ sushi bars ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "daisuki sushi is a good neighbourhood ayce japanese restaurant . it 's not worth a special trip up here . lunch special ( $ 11.99 ) is a-ok at this price point . - salmon sushi - spicy salmon sushi - spicy salmon handroll - eel handroll - california roll - shrimp tempura - deep fried tofu - korean bbq ribs - green tea and red bean ice cream all tasted decent . great to come here if you have sushi maki cravings as they do have a great selections of different rolls . only one waiter who dressed in his casual basketball outfit serving the lunch crowd . he got the job done and i got my tea refilled when i asked for more . chinese pop music kept the sushi chef and waiter entertained while they were busy at work ! 10 % tips automatically added to the bill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the bibimbap . server gave me a red bottle which i thought was the red sauce . it came out a strange yellow . i thought that was odd , thinking he must have given me mayo or something . hoping that my food was n't ruined , i tasted it to see if it could be salvaged . turns out it was n't food , let alone mayo , it was dishwashing detergent . needless to say i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i donno about anyone else but i ate here once and it was the first time i kept the receipt . i thought i was gon na get food poisoning . the white fish were yellowish brown and looks like it 's been out for a long time . same with the other fish . the worst sushi place ever . i wish i could give negative star ratings", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't be fooled by their hours . they say they 're open until 10pm on monday nights but when we showed up at 8:50 they said they would only do take out . this used to be my go to sushi place but with service as bad as this , i 'll never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the cheaper ayce sushi places in markham . they offer both ayce and a la carte options . servers were polite and nice . ayce menu was decent , rolls were good and sashimi was surprisingly quite fresh . their lunch and dinner prices were the same on weekdays and weekends whereas most places charge a few dollars more on weekends . lunch $ 12.99 and dinner $ 19.99 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my new favourite sushi joint , no other sushi restaurant can compare anymore . must try the spicy salmon roll ! ! also their ginger is fresh , and juicier than any other sushi restaurant i 've been too . service is good and the food comes out pretty quickly . the prices are pretty cheap , lunch buffet through out the week is $ 14", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with a $ 13.99 price point , it is hard to resist , but you must ! the sushi is jam packed with rice with barely any filling topping . the ratio of rice to filling is way off and as a result , the sushi experience is just not good . selection is also very small aside from the terrible sushi . as a lover of cheap food and sushi , i regret to say that this is just not worth a visit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love this place . we usually have ayce dinner and it has never disappointed . try spicy salmon roll , dragon roll , black dragon roll , sweet potatoe tempura , kalbi ribs , eel sushi . yes , the salmon sashimi is thinly sliced but since it 's ayce , it does n't matter to me . rolls are nicely sized and not too much rice . nice balance . you must try this place . great value . as a side i also like that it 's a group of young adults running the place . i love that people can be young and have the courage to employ themselves and run a business . i would n't do it myself so bravo to them for managing it on their own . note : sashimi is only available for the dinner ayce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad food bad service lunch ends at 3 and we got there at 2:40 and they refused to serve us lunch saying it was last call ? ? if the last call is before 3 why say lunch ends at 3 . the sushi quality was bad aswell . they put too much rice to get you full faster and they put an automatic 10 % tip . terrible and never coming back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my go-to sushi place . i know the menu inside and out so i know just what to order and what 's good . limited selection compared to other sushi places but what they have is good . price is reasonable , service is okay , setting is casual .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here once about a year ago with some friends for sushi . the ambiance inside the restaurant felt very cold . this aside , i typically save my judgement for the food . the food was equally as bad as the environment . i 've eaten here twice , once i had delivery at a friends house and the other time we ate at the restaurant . for delivery i got the chicken teriyaki bento box which was bland and the chicken was fatty . when we ate at the restaurant we ordered sushi which was very mediocre and now worth going back for . if you 're looking for decent sushi in this area i strongly recommend you try markham sushi , it 's fresh , clean and the atmosphere is better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good . i had the lunch special - dynamite sushi and tempura shrimp veggies so yummy . definitely going back with friends or by myself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place deserves a half star , mainly for the service . since it 's in the neighborhood we gave it a few chances but everytime the service has been mediocre at the best . today , i placed a take out order over the phone . 30 mins later , when i reach the restaurant to pick up the `` order '' all i 'm greeted is with blank stares ! the `` order '' is sitting on the counter , it never reached the kitchen ! ! ! when asked how long the will it take to get the food ready , all i get is 20 mins , no apology nothing . exasperated i ask her to cancel the order , and once again i 'm met with a blank stare . not once did she apologize for her mistake , in stead she went about her way as if nothing happened . will never go back to this awful service ! absolutely disgraceful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is $ 21.99+tax for ayce sushi all week long ( even though the menu says from mon-thurs ) , the lowest i 've seen anywhere in markham . this is a small restaurant with simple decor ; it is well-lit and the chairs are comfortable . the food was decent , i would n't get the tempura calamari again , but other than that our party of 4 enjoyed everything . the service was n't stellar and they forgot something we 'd ordered but overall it would n't turn me off of returning . there is a 10 % service fee which is fine by me . there is lots of free parking in the plaza parking lot . i will be going back to this place for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food served well for a decent price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ordered a maki tray from here and was the highlight of my party ! everyone loved it ! the rolls here are by far the best with very little rice , not like other ayce restaurants . this restaurant is definitely worth trying ! eat-in may take longer than others but you just need to remember this is not a fast food restaurant ! must try if you 're in the neighbourhood ! just came back here again for take out of a platter and it was the hit for the party ! called in and told them i 'd pick it up at 5:30 and by 5:40 i got a call asking where i was as the platter was ready ! great food and fast service ! will definitely order a platter for all my parties !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is okay . menu is limited in terms of what you can order for lunch . there isnt alot of dining space and the place probably needs to be renovated .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered takeout here ( spicy salmon and cali roll ) . service over the phone was friendly , sushi was average but well priced . i had half the food and with 2 hours had immense stomach pains . not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered delivery took a hour and a half to get here and i 'm 10 mins away.they put my salad with my hot food and it git nasty and soggy . the sashimi was tiny portions fir what i paid . also driver had no change . i wo n't go back : - ( markham sushi rocks ! wish they delivered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is not bad from what i experienced . ayce weekday lunch buffet is $ 13.00 . the only negative aspect is the long wait for the sushi to come ( almost 30 min ) . but i guess that 's sort of understandable since there is like 3 people making food for a whole restaurant . decent decor and spacing and cleanliness . sushi is all very good . i like this restaurant and would recommend to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for an all you can eat place , the price is great however ... they do n't give you the number of pcs you ask for . you ask for 10 pcs of shrimp tempura , they give you 5 . waiter seems bothered if you keep asking for more food . i still had some pending orders but i just asked for the bill cuz i was n't sure if the food was even coming . so yeah ... the price is great , food taste decent but i doubt i 'll ever come back here again or even recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were renovating the exterior of the plaza so it was very difficult to find the restaurant . food was great but the service was terrible ! there was only one server working and he was nowhere tone seen when we needed something.. did n't get tea when we sat down , did n't take our order , did n't get utensils when our food came out and when asked . had to go up to the counter and ask the sushi chef but he did n't pass the message along ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decently priced and we did n't have to wait too long for our food to arrive . they need to improve on their boring decor and the service . there was only one waiter there and he was n't as attentive as he could have been ... they should seriously hire more people to wait the tables . the food was good and warm , only the sashimi was kind of small . i would recommend it to those that just want their sushi fix , but if you are going out for a date and trying to make an impression this would not be the place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sushi is by no means exceptional , but i 've been going her since i was a teenager and i love it ! it 's all-you-can-eat at a great price , especially at lunchtime during the week , and their noodle dishes are especially good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good , we love coming here i just wish the rice on the maki rolls was n't so overpowering . cut down some rice and it 's a 5 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "daisuki is an okay japanese place for casual dining . they serve both ayce & a la cart dinners . we ordered a bibimbap and an assorted sashimi plate . the bibimbap was not up to par . the sashimi was really fresh for an ayce place . the size of the slice was small , however . the service was a little slow as there was only 1 waiter who also worked on the sushi bar . they did n't bring us tea until we asked for it . the decor , or lack of , was nothing to talk about . it is worthy to mention that they charge $ 20 for ayce dinner from monday to sunday . this means there is no $ 2 surcharge for weekend , making it probably the least expensive ayce japanese restaurant on weekends in markham .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "im pretty excited cuz i just got my yelp account today and this bibimbap i ordered last year came to mind . i came in on my one hour lunch break and a young man took the order . after 15 minutes of waiting he mentions that it should be out soon ( i assume they were cutting and chopping all the veggies ) he then stepped out of the restaurant and disappeared for another 10 minutes . he came back with a bag from garden basket and i could see a carton of eggs , some greens and a few other veggies . by this time , i started to feel malnourished ... and by the time my food came out there was only 15 mins left of my lunch break to eat . on top of that , my bibimbap only had carrots , zucchini and the egg . where the mushrooms at ? where dem beef at ! ? ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very slow service but overall good food - salmon sashimi is very fresh and nicely presented in the form of a flower . comparatively cheaper ayce and place is very low key - looks more like a diner than an ayce sushi restaurant . waiters are polite but way understaffed - only 1 waiter , 1 person making sushi and 1 person in the kitchen . food takes a long time to arrive and service is super slow , you will be better off helping yourself rather than waiting for them to wipe the table or to get you the menu ( for 2nd order ) . while placing an order on paper , be prepared that they will miss some items but if you order directly with the waiter , he will bring your items right away . menu is not too extensive but overall enough kitchen selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i some times get take-out from here as i live near by . sushi is average . never ate in the restaurant , very plain plain atmosphere . in a strip mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is been an excellent company to work with . i am a facility manager and have had them paint dozens of rooms . they have used everything from latex paints , oil paints , and epoxies . i have also had them re-finish doors . they are usually on time and have fair prices . their customer service is excellent and quick to respond . they are also a people oriented company and take the time to know you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! the painters are hard workers and did a great job painting our walls and accent walls . we worked with noel who was very patient with us and listened to our needs . they finished in 3 days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "calpac painted the exterior of our two story stucco house in summerlin . they did a terrific job even though we selected a complicated four color scheme for various features of the house . power washing , taping , attention to details and clean up were all done very , very well . the managers were very customer friendly and patiently worked with us as we went through the trials of getting hoa approval and then changed our minds a few times on the color scheme and we wanted to provide our own paint . price-wise they were in the middle of the pack out of four bids we received . i highly recommend calpac . terrific job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure , the previous reviews are factual and with merit . but i was a purchaser . yes , they asked for my dl , but i was spending $ 1700.00 . i 'd do the same . the owner did come out and help me , yes he is somewhat bombastic , but i 've dealt with difficult people before . and , he was n't really that difficult . he was a new yorker , he 's not in the witness protection program , least i suspect not . he did find me great tickets and i had fun ... ... ... that 's what happened . when i initially read the reviews and this was after i purchased the tickets , i was scared s $ & @ less , i was dealing with a sociopath . but , in reality that 's not what happened . the tickets were good , not great , as great was several thousand dollars . bottom line , i would buy tickets again from them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best place to get a ticket called the last minute and they got me vip place . will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been doing business with tickets unlimited for at least the past 10 years . i have both bought and sold through them and always had a great experience . just last week i made a mistake on tickets i purchased through them and called 30 minutes before the event , they got everything handled for me with no problems . i am always confident that the tickets i am purchasing are authentic , and the transactions are easy . save yourself a lot of time and worry , just call tickets unlimited !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called last min . for a baseball game and the owner would n't let the sales persone deal with me at all . he seamed like a very angery persone and you could hear him screamming at his employees over the phone . i made the situation very uncomfortable . when he finally got on the phone he told me to take it or leave it . i do n't think that i would call or purchase from them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dropped my cardinals tickets off sunday morning with the agreement of 70 30 split in my favor . they called me back an hour later and said they made a mistake and it would be 70 30 in their favor . really ? ? ? i 'd rather eat my tickets than do business with someone that does n't keep their word . seller beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry but people who write reviews about the long lines & long waits need a reality check . this is a snow cone stand truck at a gas station . and the fact that there is usually a long lines means that they are good ! me & my family live in the area & stop by once a week . the ice is shaved really fine , not crushed & the prices are very reasonable . a small with ice cream & condensed milk is $ 4.75 . and they accept cards too ( ipad swiper ) . the ice is shave fresh , so it takes a little while for each one made . they have umbrellas to use while you wait bc they are technically a food truck & they ca n't have a sitting or shaded area by law ( their license ) . and you should be responsible for your own children in a gas station parking lot , not the workers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little `` shack '' in a gas station parking lot . it 's really smooth shaved ice . there is a long list of flavors , including some relatively unique ones . you can mix flavors . you can also add ice cream on the bottom . the small size is pretty big . prices are fair . wait is n't long . all in all , it 's a tasty treat , especially on hot vegas days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that they now have this location ! a nice treat on the way home ! the people are nice and love the punch cards ! the flavors are great ... mango and pi\u00f1a colada yum ! at first the ice was too big as i like shaved ice ... but it grows on you and location , location , location ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we always drive this place and it always has a line , so we decided to stop by one day and see what all the fuss was about . after waiting for a good 15-20 minutes , we ordered 2 different ices planning to share them . after my fiance and i took a bite , we both looked at each other and thought there was way too much syrup and tasted like pure sugar . i 've had great snow cones all over and these were the worst i 've ever had . do n't waste your time driving here and waiting ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i go to the purple penguin every time we go to vegas . we love this place the staff is always friendly and the snowcones are the best . the ice is finely shaved and not crushed ice . my favorite is red velvet and birthday cake with cream and ice cream . it is like birthday in your mouth . my husbands is tigers blood . the prices are very reasonable and it is so nice you can use your debt or credit card . we love the purple penguin ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could have purple penguin every day and not get tired of it : ) yummy treat for any day ! they offer loyalty stamp cards and several options for flavors . the crew is fantastic and they are always so patient . i wish they were open all year long !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are friendly . we came at 8:30 p.m. and it 's posted that they close at 8 . they were n't rude about rushing you to order . my two kids ordered a small . one penguin punch topped with cream and the other one pineapple with ice cream . i got a medium strawberry and coconut topped with cream . awesome ! better than bahama bucks . cheaper and taste better . only con is you do n't have a cool place to eat it . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "each season my boy wait for this spot to open ! they never fail us ! the snow is always so fine that it literally melts in your mouth . there are so many different combinations of flavors that you can use to crest your own . you can add ice cream or cream to your snow cone as well . the employees are always happy ! this place is always jamming which is always a good sign . be sure to get your lunch card to earn your free snow cone ! amazingly good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda suggested some flavor combinations for our family & we loved them ! we will be back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in on a friday afternoon . the girl inside was very nice . explained what they had . i ordered a large grape and said surprise me on the other . she made a tigers blood with coconut and the snowcap topping . both were very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love snowcones so much but purple penguin really disappointed me . it melts so fast literally like 2 minutes after receiving my snowcone it was dripping everywhere . next , i ordered ice cream in my snowcone and there was barley any ice cream ! ! paid $ 5.75 for a medium snowcone only to decently eat half of it while the other half turned muddy and gross .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so far iv been here twice . the bubble gum flavor is pretty awesome . iv got 2 kids so it 's a nice little treat for an affordable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an amazing staff , the sweetest girls and the snow cones were totally worth the long drive to get them ! we will so definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my youngest saw this place and said he wanted to go . reluctantly i said okay ( i 'm not a huge fan of shaved ice ) . this place is wonderful and paired with 110 degrees , it 's heaven in a cup . prices i felt were great , especially for the sizes . a small is more than enough of a serving and $ 2 if you do n't add in ice cream or cream . we have gone more than a couple of times since discovering it and will be going again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hubby and i both laughed at the idea of a snow cone trailer at a gas station when we first saw it in our neighborhood , but then we started noticing the long lines every day for it & i guess you could say curiosity got the best of us . lol we decided to take our girls and try it and boy are we glad we did ! ! ! it is beyond yummy ! ! it 's not your average crunchy ice syrup-ey flavor all on the bottom snow cone we had both assumed it was . these are totally different ! the ice literally melts away the moment it touches your mouth . it 's very soft and smooth . a ton of flavors to mix and match plus you can add cream or ice cream to change it up even more ! ! it 's definitely are favorite summer go to dessert ! ! affordable and yummy ! ! definitely give it a whirl we are sure glad we did ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was like this just like a plain old snowcone place . then i noticed all the lines that were forming in the front and all my friends were talking about it . i thought maybe i should try it out . man it was more than just a plain old snowcone place , it was like snow cone heaven ! what 's not to love with plethora amount of of flavors ? the customer service is friendly as well as the great snow cones ! come here for some desert and a smile ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll go to hawaii just for some shave ice and this stuff is really good ! ! ! ! just wish there were more in the lv area . we were only in lv for a few days and we tried to go back twice for more shave ice but one night it was too late ( they close at 9pm ) and one morning it was too early ( they do n't open until noon ) so we missed out ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as always the kids are very excited when the purple penguin shack goes up . great spot for a cool treat in the summer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this years staff is utterly amazing . as if the snow cone itself was n't good enough , staff sends it over the top . they suggest combinations that you do n't see on the menu board that are killer . also found a `` new '' adult way to enjoy . grab a medium size of your fav flavor , flavored vodka of choice and adult beverage created . this place is awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! best shaved ice and they do not skimp on the syrup . the staff is very friendly too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "body vision is awesome ! all of the coaches and staff truly care about their members . i initially thought i would n't be able to keep up with the workouts since i was out of shape and have knee problems , but could n't have been more wrong . their coaches work with each person and provide modifications as needed so everyone gets a great workout . each day the workouts are completely different and always a challenge for any fitness level . they encourage everyone and give that needed push to do just a little bit more , in a fun way . give body vision a try ... you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been waiting for a gym like body vision . i 've tried many gyms in the area yet body vision has the best workout . their workouts have helped me tremendously because they 're always different , i never get bored . it 's the most productive 60 minutes of my day . i highly recommend body vision to anyone who feels they 've plateaued in their current workout . the trainers provide really productive workouts . i 've had excellent results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every workout here has been so fun and satisfying and the hour goes by so fast ! if you are looking to take your fitness level to the next level like i am , looking for something different or simply looking to start somewhere , i highly recommend this place . it truly is the ultimate experience . i have only been here for a couple weeks but i am already starting to see so much difference and amazing definitions to my body . i am so addicted and highly motivated ! love this place and i am a big fan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the studio is amazing ! the trainers such as stacy and chris are real when it comes to knowledge . i 've literally made new friends with the members here ( not that it 's social hour ) that all help motivate each other . i know this place has created a life style change for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried everything from spin , to hiit , and even just going to the gym and could not find a workout i could stick to long term . bodyvision mixes up their workouts which does n't allow muscles to be overworked . they designate certain days to be upper body , lower body and core . i have yet to try the famed 90 minute sunday workout , but will be participating in the next few weeks ! the trainers are very knowledgeable and adjusted my workout based on my own personal needs ( bad knees from sports ) . very welcoming environment - highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a great workout that is high energy , fun and leaves you feeling sore this is the place . i 've tried different facilities but i like this the best ! the hour goes by so fast and i love seeing results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable . willing to drive all the way from mesa to work out here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , they seem to have a great collection ... but that is where it stops . the service was pretty bad . pushy salesman . they seem to pride themselves in a `` no-nonsense '' approach to pricing etc . but a used car lot is a used car lot . i went there to test drive a vehicle , but did not end up purchasing . once i revealed that i unfortunately would not be buying anything , the mood instantly changed from , `` hey pal lets make a deal , we are friends '' to nothing more than a person who wasted another 's time . the demeanor was a complete 180 , and it makes me happy i did not buy anything from this place . it made me feel like the deal was the only thing they cared about . poor service and just unprofessional all around . good luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nick and greg made the process simple and were not what you would expect when you think `` car salesman '' . they were easy going and clearly had a love for their product . i have never written a yelp review in the past , but came here to reward them for their approach . i bought a 2010 prius and recommend mpg to anyone looking for a hybrid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a prius hybrid 8 months ago , & recently referred a coworker & she purchased one too . these guys are consistent with their treatment of customers , very fair pricing . the product is second to none with the reliability , gas mileage & lots of room too . highly suggest anyone interested in purchasing a used car to go here . also it 's easy to find just north of the 202 on scottsdale road too . nick & greg are the best . i went from a honda to a prius hybrid after 8.5 years & these cars are terrific . very easy going guys , not like your big boy car dealers . get things done fast & accurate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never had good experiences purchasing cars , until i came to mpg hybrids ! i got a great deal on a prius and nick was very personable , honest and a delight to work with ! ! i would recommend this place to anybody looking to purchase a great car for a great price ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience purchasing my 2010 prius here . greg definitely treated us with respect and it was awesome to work with a dealer and not feel slimy afterwards . they were super straightforward and easy to work with and i really appreciate how they handled everything . i would definitely recommend mpg hybrids to anyone who is looking for a great car and great customer service . this place rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mpg hybrids has the best deals on used , low mileage , low fuel consuming vehicles . i looked around on craigslist and made some visits to cars through that site and i went to various dealerships but mpg had he best deals and even if they do n't have exactly what you want , they will find what you want for you . they 're located right off the freeway nearby the phx airport area so it 's easy to get to ; ) working with nick and greg was really easy too . super guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked nick 's friendly and helpful attitude . i got just the car i wanted for a great price . later , he got me a discount on headlight replacements and gave me excellent advice on changing the battery in the remote . i 've recommended him to my friends , too . he 's a solid guy , i 'm sure i 'll get my next car from him , as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great car , excellent price , easy to work with . the whole process went well and we are quite pleased with our prius . definitely stop by and check them out , they have some wonderful deals ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! made my purchase ! very happy . nick and greg are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks nick and greg for a very happy and stress-free transaction ! i went on a friday to view a car , was told the price posted was the actual sales price - not like at `` traditional dealerships '' that charge $ 3000 over the advertised price ! i wanted to shop around a bit more that day ( could n't find a better deal ) . called the next morning to let them know i wanted to pick up the car . even tho it had rained the night before they rushed out to get it washed before i got there , the entire transaction took less than 20 minutes ; start to finish ( yay ! ) professional , nice , funny , relaxed - not `` salesy '' or pushy at all . would absolutely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience purchasing this car as it was a good value and no pressure and the salespeople were down to earth . the only reason i would n't give it 5 stars is that i was sold the car with a dead 2nd key fob . it 's $ 175 to replace it . it does n't leave you with a good feeling about the dealership if they did n't offer to correct this or check this before they sell the car .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we just purchased a 2009 prius from mpg hybrids ( even though the newer ones they had were tempting ) . it was a great experience from start to finish . the cars they offer are top quality and they give a guarantee . they are extremely knowledgeable about hybrids and i will be able to get repairs done there at a reasonable price when the warranty is over . the transaction was very quick , not like regular dealerships that take hours . dave and greg are both personable and great to work with . definitely check them out if you are looking for a hybrid .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased two vehicles from mpg over the past few years and nick and greg make the process easy , fair and fast ! i hope never to go back to a dealership again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought a nissan leaf from greg and nick and they were great to deal with . time will tell on the quality of the car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the market for a used hybrid or electric car in the phoenix area , look no further . i just spent two intense weeks looking for the perfect prius and after getting the runaround from the big dealerships and private parties i kept coming back to mpg . let 's just say that my search criteria was very specific and mpg managed to find exactly what i was looking for . they have connections to the best sources of these types of vehicles . they were very transparent through the whole search and buying process and communication was top notch . i would definitely buy from them again and will be referring my family and friends to them . thanks again mpg !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used the brampton transit for a few years , and it 's safe to say that most , if not all , of the drivers are either always late or way too early for their scheduled time ( other than the zum service which is pleasantly always on time ) . it 's like they never stick to their schedule , so what is the point of it ? i may as well just come 10 minutes early than the schedule ( which is a no-no in the winter time ) . the brampton transit is always a disappointment , but thank-you zum drivers for at least being competent unlike the others .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i usually take the 15a from bramalea go and this bus always leaves 7+minutes earlier than its schedules time and if you take the go you 'll always end up missing the weekday morning bus . what 's the point of having a written schedule when your drivers rarely stick to it ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jajajaja te preguntaras porque le doy 4 estrellas a uno de los casinos mas antiguos en el que las moquetas huelen a rancio aun en parte del hotel.casino y el buffet en cuestion luce algo cutre ... pues he comido ahi ( por suerte o no ) la carne mejor cocinada de los buffets de casinos de este nivel ( medio ) , la atencion es espectacular y hombre ... el plaza es el plaza , la antologia de las vegas no se entiende sin este mitico hotel que a tanto capo de la mafia y gente de la farandula norteamericana ha dado cobijo ... tienes que ir , aunque sea para llamarme exageraooooo ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "booooooooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! just found out that they took out lucky 7s and replaced it with some bs . it 's $ 11.80 now . f that !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as breakfast buffets this one will cost you $ 7.77 . i would just say it 's ok.. it 's not great , just enough to get you by kinda food . your typical fare of scambled and hard boiled eggs , bacon , sausages , biscuits , etc . it 's a small buffet area compared to the others i 've been to . there are better ones for even better prices so do compare .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hahahaah ... .. $ 7.77 all day . where can you find else in the states ? they served chinese food , italian food , american food , etc . there 's nothing special but with that price , what can you blame about ? ! p.s . the bread pudding there is so good ... ..lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one star for the hotel but three stars for the buffet ... i went back for seconds of the corned beef hash and biscuits and gravy . nothing fancy here , just a good down-home basic breakfast . thumbs up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the worst clinic ever , very incompetent doctor who 's no clue how to heal me . further , the reception screws up all the time & asked me to pay for it . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a sad day when a clinic has the top physiotherapists with tons of experience in sport med and the administration team just ca n't keep their shit together . probably time for new staff considering i graduated 10 years ago and still see the same people with the same poor attitudes . time to move on . they screw up appointments and certainly do not put the patient first considering timeliness of appointments considerably affects injury recovery . i get that schedules change but every week for the last month ... seriously ! ! the worst part is how they speak to patients like we are lucky to have the opportunity to have access to the clinic and pay $ 80 a session . do n't waste your time and find help elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm shocked by the reviews below . i 've been to this clinic for three seperate issues over the last 10 years . i have found the clinic staff and medical professionals to be kind , insightful , and creative in their approaches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm kind of surprised no one has reviewed this place yet . contender focuses on being an absolutely great spot to watch a raptors game and one of the few that will play raptors game audio over leafs . not that i 'm not a leaf fan , i 'm just more of a basketball fan . they have a ton of tvs and that 's what puts it above their competition on the dundas west strip . if i 'm going to watch a game , i 'll go to the contender because i 'll have a good view on a big screen from wherever i sit . plenty of beer options , but where i find they kind of fall off is the menu . the menu is brief , which is not a bad thing but it lacks depth . you pretty much have a choice of a sub style sandwich , nachos , or wings . they need to add more options that will pull people in for dinner . for now , if you want to catch the game and nibble on an appetizer this should be your pick !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a new sports bar in the area , a very welcome addition to an up and coming location . has a great neighborhood atmosphere , not a chain formula feel . tv 's are wall to wall to watch whatever you want . good selection of craft brew . service is friendly and good . lots of seating . on the dundas streetcar line which is great if you want to toss the brewskis back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff were nice and there are lots of tvs to watch , but only go if you 're simply watching the game and are a fan of mediocre beers . eat before hand ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "your regular sports bar . nothing special really . great for large groups to watch various sporting events since they have so many tvs . visible from any angle . there is bubble hockey if you 'd like to play games . we got the wood house beer here . but did n't order any food . in the 7th inning of the jays game , they decided to do $ 2 of labatt blue cans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unless you want to watch an important game , do not got here . food is terrible and hardly worth the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you want somewhere to have a beer and watch sports , it works . if you want that place to have the beers you asked for and any food , you 're out of luck . the `` menu '' is a few random items that they have rushed over from the lakeview in a styrofoam container . they have beer but they often run out . the service is n't great . i do n't know how this place will last .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the wings are not split , some do not like that , but i do n't mind given the quality . perfect crisp , hot honey sauce ( only flavour ) is so on point , and the actual size of each wing leaves you with the impression it actually came from a chicken not some steroid farm . i 've only been twice , both times they rocked with the bold flavours of a thousand suns . you ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight ? me neither , and these wings rock ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the worst sports bar ive ever been to . no air con or fans so an endurance battle with the heat to start with . ran out of multiple beers as the night went on , the only large screen at the back showing the event which kept turning off , food never arrived for one of us and finally the waiter refused to split bill at end to round off a case example of a failed bar . avoid at all costs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they 've changed their menu , and finally have a deep fryer . ordered the o-rings and it was pretty good . it 's still not the most extensive menu , but certainly a significant upgrade from the prior times i 've been here . this place re-earned a spot in our pub crawl rotation with the boys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to enjoy drinks and watch sports ! ! love the wings and the bartenders . would have liked a better selection of non beer drinks but all in all , there is nothing to really complain about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "non fancy , non jockey , super friendly sports bar with loads of tvs and multiple channel feeds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most of the restaurants on the street were closed and they were one of the only ones open around 4 pm on a saturday ! ( do n't know what that was about ) it was right before a game so they were n't busy.. but the honey wings is what this is about ! ! yumm wings + beer . how can you go wrong ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lot 's of tvs . that 's about all this bar has to offer . service is awful . used to come here often but i think the ownership changed . went recently and received terrible service . the waitress did n't know anything about beer and could n't make any recommendations . she forgot drinks and then took drinks from the table before we were finished with them . eventually the owner had to serve our table because she just stopped coming over . had to ask for the bill several times . menu is weak , nothing sounded at all appealing . used to be a fun bar where they had great giveaways during raptors games , friendly staff and good beer ... too bad . we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "j'ai bien aim\u00e9 ce caf\u00e9 ! c'est assez grand , le d\u00e9cor est moderne et il y a beaucoup de lumi\u00e8res . j'ai pris une tisane , servi rapidement et \u00e0 table par le barista , qui \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s gentil . un bon endroit pour se reposer tranquillement ou pour discuter , la musique d'ambiance n'\u00e9tant pas trop forte .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "petit caf\u00e9 de la promenade ontario avec une belle terrasse en plein coeur de l'action de la rue commerciale dans hochelaga !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambiance calme et intime avec une superbe vue sur le parc simon valois pi . la musique jazz\u00e9 donne un ton actif mais sans stress au petit caf\u00e9 qui se marie bien avec l'\u00e9nergie et l'enjouement des employ\u00e9s . bien que ce soit principalement un caf\u00e9 , ils offrent aussi d'excellent repas faisant preuve d'une int\u00e9ressante et d\u00e9lectable combinaison de couleurs et saveurs . la pr\u00e9sentation soign\u00e9e des plats , d'une apparence bistro classique , met l'eau \u00e0 la bouche . un acc\u00e8s wifi gratuit et les murs garnis d'une magnifique galerie d'art moderne est \u00e0 votre disposition si vous d\u00e9sirez vous occuper tout en sirotant votre caf\u00e9 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "premi\u00e8re visite au caf\u00e9 des aliz\u00e9s hier apr\u00e8s une longue marche au jardin botanique qui n'est pas tr\u00e8s loin . j'ai savour\u00e9 un bon petit g\u00e2teau aux carottes ( quand c'est un petit g\u00e2teau , es-ce qu'on dit `` aux carottes '' ou `` \u00e0 la carotte '' ? ) avec un chai latte ... qui \u00e9tait un peu trop du c\u00f4t\u00e9 `` latte '' . agr\u00e9able en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral , mais mauvaise pr\u00e9vision de l'achalandage ! un seul employ\u00e9 pour une bonne vingtaine de clients sur place , sans compter ceux qui prenaient des commandes `` \u00e0 emporter '' . une petite terrasse \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur ajoute au charme de l'endroit qui fait partie de la tendance de revitalisation de la rue ontario dans hochelaga .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a cute coffee shop that we visited for desserts , tea and coffee . a few gluten free options as well . such as brownie and double chocolate cookie . nothing spectacular but a cute shop for a small desert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a small cute place located outside of the tourist areas , so this is the place where you non-french speaking tourists should have a heads-up . they understand english but the unwillingness of communicating in english ( two workers spoke french to me 100 % of the time ) , it is pretty unprofessional in my opinion but i was lucky enough to understand a little french to know what they were talking about . latte was delicious and their croissant was crunchy and it was a cozy place to be , so the food and drinks is not the issue here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cute little coffee shop . lots of seating ! good coffee ! and a free croissant with your first check in ! what more could you ask for ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were in town visiting from ny and loved the food in this place so much that we came back on the last day of our weekend trip to grab a quick bite before getting on the road . the staff was very unwelcoming and there was a huge dead fly at the bottom of one of our salads - it looked like it was marinating in the dressing . i took it to the woman behind the register . she looked at me and did n't say anything . we continued to sit outside for a while after and saw her come out for a cigarette - at no point did anyone apologize or address the issue with us . i come to montreal often and would never go back to this place . service and cleanliness is everything !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't just patronize caf\u00e9 des aliz\u00e9s because i ca n't avoid it on my daily errand run . they 've got the goods ( and a facebook page ! ) . about a wall and a half of windows help light up this modern space during the day . there 's ample seating on the inside , and several tables just in front of the business . the menu is classic : coffee espresso drinks , fresh smoothies , pastries ( many of which on display in one of those refrigerated see-through cases you want to smudge with the tip of your nose in a vain attempt to smell through the glass ) , and a mouth-watering breakfast and lunch menu that does n't discriminate against when you 've got a craving . morning bonus : the employees are sweet no matter how early it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the loft we were staying at was very close to this place so i went here for my morning coffee fix . got a medium cappuccino . was n't the best i 've had , but it was quite good . was clumsy enough to knock over a cup at the cream & sugar station and the owner was very courteous in asking me to not worry about it and that he 'll clean it up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp 's kids at heart after-party was the best of all yelp worlds ... dessert and drink samples , a photo booth , dancing , and hanging out with new and old friends . it is fun enough to get all dressed up and don a masquerade mask , and when you sprinkle in some yelp personality you have yourself a good night ! the after-party kicked off with a performance from some costumed dancers , who inevitably brought unsuspecting spectators onto the floor to join in . dessert vendors lined the outskirts of the room and the alcohol servings got more and more creative . jacked ice was quite a hit , and talk about being a kid at heart- snow cone meets martini ! upstairs , the lip-print reading booth caught a lot of curiosity but the long wait drove away all but the most curious . our wait was rewarded with a palm-reading-style session describing our personalities , based on lip prints . very unique , to say the least . this was such a fun end to a classy night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hesitate at writing this review as i do n't want to find i ca n't get a room here next time i visit edinburgh . 5 stars are not enough", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank god we stayed at the kew house . my husband got traveler 's flu and without a b & b run so professionally and kept so clean , he would definitely have gotten worse . the proprietors were extremely helpful , not only in a tour-guide sense but in helping us get to hospital and explaining how things work . the room was very clean and modern , and while small was extremely comfortable ( excellent bed ) . sherry and chocolates upon arrival , a mini fridge , an excellent bathroom and shower , and a lovely fresh-cooked breakfast . very accomodating and about a 20 minute walk into the center of town - even in winter it was no big deal as the walk took us past many fun shops and pubs and is very easy to manage for someone wanting to stay a bit outside the middle of the city , but not need to drive in and out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent b & b , chic , cosy , avec un couple tr\u00e8s accueillant et pas avare de conseils sur edimbourg et l'ecosse . nous avions une tr\u00e8s belle chambre , tr\u00e8s confortable , moquette , double vitrage britannique ( tr\u00e8s silencieux ) , literie confortable , verres de sherry comme welcome drink ... top ! le quartier est parfait , un peu excentr\u00e9 pour plus de calme ( 10 min de marche ) et \u00e0 deux pas de dean village que je recommande chaudement ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is only one classroom , and it is not particularly large - when it 's there 's a full class it gets quite uncomfortable , especially with the hard cramped seats and no legroom . there is no heating control so it can get unbearably hot , which worsens it . but , all this will not be of any concern when you meet the instructor . his name is peter and he 's got a british accent . he is incredibly entertaining and adds many interesting stories to his lessons . he has an intelligent , quirky sense of humor - his jokes are hilarious if you understand them . though he may go off topic sometimes , he gets right back on track after telling his tale and teaches you the lessons you need to help you become a better driver . i highly recommend joining amb at the markham location if peter is teaching the course , otherwise , all you 've got is a tiny room with cramped seating . peter brings life to the classroom and smiles to his students faces .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly i do n't recommend this school at all better off with all-star . the classroom portion is okay the slides are poor quality . my issue was mostly with instructor -who . taught me nothing but to drive straight and make left & right turn for 10 lessons . now i have to pay him extra until he thinks im ready for a test . it was so frustrating because he did n't have any time slot open . not that i have to pay he 's all of a sudden available .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "currently completing my g2 classes here . material is n't hard but you have to pay attention in class because there are 7 quizzes and 1 final test that ask very nit picky questions . the room is hella squishy and the air con does n't work so try your best to avoid taking lessons near the summer months when high school kids are out . you do n't get a table to write on but you get a clipboard and a chair so make the best of the tiny space you get . classes are 9-1:30 and you get a 15 minute break at 10:30 and a 45 minute lunch at 12 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i started seeing dr. nance because of chronic back pain . only a few treatments had me almost pain free . i was able to take part in all the activities i enjoy while spending the winter in chandler , az . i have seen chiropractors most of my adult life for my back pain and dr. nance is defininelty one of the best . he is very caring and takes time to explain and is very knowledgeable . his staff is very good as well . i am so happy i have found a excellent chiropractor i can depend on while i am away from home . now i am not concerned that pain will stop me from being an active retiree .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually am not too fond of chiropractors , but dr. nance is unique . he is an excellent chiropractor . everyone is super nice and helpful . dr. nance is not pushy and is very knowledgable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was always weary of going to chiropractors because i never really felt comfortable with them.. that was of course until my roommate referred me to dr nance . what a wonderful experience from day 1 . the staff are amazing , and i always feel like my care is his # 1 concern . my adjustments are quick and easy and i 'm out of there very quickly . a+ for time management , and a+ for being cost effective and courteous to everyone that walks thru that door . i highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok people . here 's the skinny . this is the first half of my review since they did a split move to our temporary digs and to storage and will complete the move when our house is built in six months . these guys were great ! ! you need to look no further imo . not only did they do a great job of moving us but the beat all others in the bid by 20-30 % . the owners , anthony and kevin came out with their crew . kevin stayed with his crew even though he was under the weather . they humped for two 12 hour days , hardly taking a break . i went our for pizza for them so they could continue to work . a great bunch of guys and worked in spite of a huge monsoon that hit on the second day . that did n't slow them down a bit . i 'll post part two of my review when we do the second half of the move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were initially impressed when the rep came by to give us a quote . however , when we began to ask questions about the company 's licensing and practices for out-of-state moves , they seemed to drop us like a hot potato . may be good for local moves , but in over their heads for long distance moves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ian , aaron and carson , what can we say ? oh yes , cheerio , ol chaps ! these guys are an amazing crew and helped us believe hard work and great service . the arrangements were made with the office team very easily . then , these guys showed up a few minutes early ( yes , you read that right ) and got to work . very efficient and quick , yet careful . they earned their pay , our gratitude and this high rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , excellent rates . if you are looking for a bargain then contact poindexter moving company . however , you get what you pay for and should do it at your own risk , as i did . my move was on a sunday morning , 3 guys showed up to move my studio apartment , the move was completed in relative short order , only a few hours . in the end i paid $ 300 , but was left with a damaged mattress , broken lamp , and a badly scuffed up tv stand . i spoke directly with the owner about my situation and he gave me his word that he would make it right . the end result was $ 15 off my bill for the broken lamp and having to spend my own time dealing with my renters insurance company to replace the damaged items . needless to say , i am very disappointed in the lack of ownership and professionalism displayed by the company and i can not in good conscience recommend this moving company to anyone who reasonably values there personal belongings .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "today we moved and we could n't be happier with poindexter . they were excellent . joey , tye , and tek were accurate , friendly , efficient , and best of all they had a great attitude ! it rained today but that did n't slow them down . i would highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shout out to jake , tj , and andrew for being an awesome , careful , and friendly crew on our move today . the guys were sure to take precaution on any fragile items we needed transported while moving with an efficient pace . they tailored our move to what we needed and my sister and i are very grateful . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i run a storage facility in mesa . i 'm very impressed when you guys come on property as they are always professional looking and they clean up after their work . while i 've never personally use them , because of how they carry themselves , if i needed to use movers i would definitely give them a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were the best movers i 've ever worked with . prompt and professional . unlike a lot of moving companies that provide middle-age , usually over weight men , poindexter provided college-age , very fit guys that could easily tackle the 2-story move . i will definitely use them for my next move . awesome job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a seller client just called to tell me what great service she received from poindexter . i referred them to her and am glad that it all worked for her . she loved their enthusiasm , courtesy and the great care they took of her belongings . i 'll refer them to any and all of my seller clients . as a full time realtor in the business since 2002 , i appreciate professional service and always that to my clients . it 's my professional code of conduct to be of the best service and i expect that from my referral sources as well . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe , jake , and jessee were great ! they did n't waste any time and took great care of my stuff ! job well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these boys by far the best moving company i have ever dealt with they know exactly what customer service is all about and they are professional i would recommend them to anyone including my own family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first , i was hesitant about having anybody move my furniture after a bad experience with a different moving company about 6 years ago where they did alot of damage to my furniture . i decided to give this moving company a chance . joe , kevin , and anthony restored my confidence . they did an excellent job ! i brought a new armoire for my bedroom in my new home and it was tough to get it up my staircase because there is a twist halfway up the stairs . getting it through my bedroom was another challenge -- it was too wide to get it through the doorway of my bedroom but they carefully took off the doors and managed to get it through . they had to do the same thing to my refrigerator in my kitchen too but there was no damage . i would highly recommend this company and these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found poindexter moving company on groupon along with several other companies . my final decision was a no brainer once i compared the different companies using yelp reviews . this was my first move on my own and joe , kevin , and jake helped make the move as seamless as possible . they were on time , pleasant , fast & efficient , and most importantly : none of my belongings were damaged . i 'm very glad i used poindexter moving company and will be recommending them to others in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found poindexter on groupon . anthony and joe were amazing ! super fast , professional and friendly . poor anthony was even allergic to cats which we have and it didnt low him down a bit ! and they were short a guy but still made awesome time ! we will definitely use them next time we move . thanks for making the difficult process of moving sooooo much easier ! : - ) -juan and jenelle", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ian and aaron took extreme care of our move and accomplished it in less time than expected . i would definitely recommend them to anyone needing moving help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is amazing ! they set the standard for moving . not only did they come to the house to give us a quote , they set a max quote for about 8.5 hours , and they went a bit over on the time , and they kept to their max quote . nothing broken . they moved an 800 pound gun safe , no problem , no extra charge . i thought there would be some fine print , and they would be able to charge more , but nope ! they are all clean cut , and they are all very respectful , and full of courteous remarks , and great attitude . i do residential mortgage , and if any of my customers are looking for movers , i will only give one referral , poindexter moving !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are beyond awesome . aj , mike and tyler were courteous , efficient and very careful . they worked quickly and i got moved from my apartment to my storage unit within two hours . the next time i move i am definitely going to use them again and request these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend ian and aaron , they were both extremely carful and accomplished maneuvering items up stairs and tight fits we thought impossible . they were a joy to have with us on this move !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with these guys . we had them move a fridge from one place to our house . they wrapped it up and moved it to our place with no problems . we appreciated that they were careful and quick . charged us flat rate of $ 100 . happy with their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin , anthony and joe made my move so much easier than others i 've made in the past . they were good with wrapping my furniture really well so nothing showed at at the new place damaged . friendly , good looking crew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used several moving companies and this one by far was the best . kevin , jake , and joe were super quick and never slowed down . a move that i thought was going to take at least 5 hours only took them 2 in a half i was surprised . they were extremely polite and there were no hidden fees which i am always prepared for ! i would recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found poindexter through a groupon offering a great rate on 3 movers and a truck for 2 hours . they may have had extra hands-on-deck that particular day , but it wound up turning into an `` under-promise and over-deliver '' situation , when i had 4 movers assist me into my new home a few hours earlier than anticipated . they were all funny , friendly and fast ; they even helped assemble a couple items . great service - highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . the only con is they ran a little late arriving ( less than 20 minutes ) . they more than made up for it . they gave me an extra mover for free . they were professional and courteous - and , moreover , i found all 3 gentleman very trustworthy and extremely hardworking ( locals , prior army service , etc ... in addition to their general demeanor ) . prices were lower than most others i called and there were no hidden costs . they also disposed of moving trash for me to my complex dumpster . very highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poindexter moving company is the best ; they were quick and efficient . i am very pleased with the service i received and the price i paid was even better . if you are planning to move use poindexter moving company and you wo n't be disappointed . thanks , tek , matt , and joey for everything . you guys made my move very easy and stress free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never seen movers move as fast as these guys ! we only needed two guys and we we lucky to get kevin and joey very nice guys . they provided follow up calls to confirm the move the day before and another call on moving day to give us their arrival time . job well done and total move was done in two hours . we highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent moving company . i found them through groupon but will refer them to all . i have moved several times in the last several years . no company stands up to this one . they did exactly what they promised . a two hour move with no hidden costs . these guys were hard workers and very good at what they do . the crew , kevin , joe , anthony and joey , all introduced themselves and shook my hand . so personable and professional . i always look for good customer service and want to recommend this company because i was so impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is great ! ! these guys work fast and really know what they are doing . i had them moving a second floor apartment to another second floor apartment a couple miles away and they laughed and smiled the whole time even though it was hot and humid . i had three glass cabinets and a number of ikea pieces that tend to not be too sturdy but everything made it perfectly . the guys had to take apart some exercise equipment and put it back together and they did that very quickly as well so it did n't add on too much time . i can not recommend this company enough , they are a great group of guys who are professional , knowledgeable and cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found poindexter on yelp . chose them because their ratings were good and they did not disappoint . very professional with quoting and scheduling . they even called to let us know they were running 5 minutes late for their arrival . the move went smoothly . they did a great job , and took care of our belongings . i would definitely recommend . thank you tek and crew for a job well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! we were on short notice as i have never scheduled a moving company , poindexter came to the rescue ! our move went smooth and quick . young strong men were seriously running in and out of house loading and unloading truck . they carefully wrapped everything in blankets and took good care of our belongings . i have never used a moving service before and will never move myself again after our experience with poindexter . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time with a moving company as well as moving into a place by myself for the first time as well and they did beyond an amazing job . i had a two man crew with just unloading services . i moved to the 3rd flood of an apartment complex , and with the arizona heat they had full kitchen dining set , living room , full bedroom and more than 60 boxes up in less than an hour . i know that sounds crazy but they did it ! ! i was beyond surprised and relieved . with the stress of moving into my first place they took a lot off of my shoulders . whenever i do move again they will be first people that i call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best moving experience i have ever had . these guys were fast , careful , reasonably priced , and just very pleasant overall ! i would never use another moving service again . i ca n't say enough good things about poindexter moving ! you will not regret hiring them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the moment they arrived the service was friendly and professional.. my movers were aj , matt and ian seriously you guys rock ! i elected the groupon option with three movers for 2hrs because i have a of stuff.. although it took almost 3hrs . no fault of them they hustled the whole time . later on that evening i got calls from ppl in my complex wanting to know about the company because they will be moving in the near future . and of course i recommend them ! i know where to go if i ever have to move again ! thanks again guys..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were amazingly good ! we had a whole family to move out of a 2400ish square foot house and across town . they were all very friendly , super efficient , covered all the furniture , disassembled what they had to and put it back together correctly . they made sure we were happy with the placement of all the major items . i ca n't remember a move we made that was ever so easy for us on the actual day of the move . this was the most expensive in-town move we 've made but that 's probably because we have more stuff now and required two trucks . i do feel like we got what we paid for however . i 'll definitely be using poindexter for our next move !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing ! they are professional , funny , and fast ! i have seen their work many times and have yet to see them in slow motion . normally they run to and from the truck . they usually have multiple guys working at the same time too making the job go faster while not wasting time . i will continue to recommend poindexter to customers , family , and friends . keep up the great work guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found poindexter on groupon and just finished a three point move . joey and rob were great ! hey made a stressful situation into a breeze by keeping an awesome attitude throughout . also , customer service was on point and worked with me each step of the way ! definitely calling them for my next move !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin , anthony and ralph did a super job ! not only were they fast and efficient , but they were respectful and courteous and handled my stuff with care . i definitely recommend them if you need moving help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used poindexter twice now and have not been disappointed . the 3 guys who helped us out , which i lost my sheet they gave me , were awesome . i have an ikea bed and if any of you have put together an ikea anything you know that once it 's put together it 's not supposed to come apart let alone get put back together . well they did it and i was extremely happy ! i am always amazed at how fast they pack up and unload . everything made it to my new place safely and in great time . these were the first guys who i thought of when i had to move again and would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect ! ! ! the guys were great ! ! such a pleasure to work with , will recommend them to any one . thanks to eric , jake b , joey , ian , dan , and erin ! ! y'all were great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really liked the owner and used them twice . he is very professional and wants to run a company the right way . they did a fine job for the most part but after the second time we had a few issues with the younger helpers . we asked them to wrap several real wood antique pieces and they did not . we had a broken mirror , scrapped up wood bed furniture that is n't cheap , and they had issues with following through on some things . we had them pack a pod and were n't there as we moved and needed them to ship the keys to us at our new home . we needed them so we could open the pod when it arrived as we hired movers to unload it . it took three phone calls ( a few weeks ) to finally get them to do it and everything worked out but if i was n't all over them up until the last minute they would have forgot and it would 've been a disaster . growing pains and young inexperienced help but overall like the company .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kevin and the team at poindexter are amazing . i am a top real estate agent in the phoenix metro area and we refer their team to nearly all of our buyers sellers . you can tell from the moment that they step through the door that these guys actually care . if you have used movers before , you can probably relate that most are not pleasant or careful with your belongings . not poindexter ! they take the utmost care , are nice guys , and provide a great service from start to finish . highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jake , ralph , and lauden were absolutely wonderful ! i had the pleasure of having these guys help me move , and one of them had helped me once before when i was moving my stuff out of my apartment into storage , and they were more than professional , but they were friendly , courteous , and mindful . they helped make a move that would have taken myself and a few friends most of a day into a short 2.5 hour errand . i probably wont be moving anytime soon in the future , but when i do , i know i 'm going to look to poindexter to help me out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard work ethic . great attitudes and high morals . was very hot this day and these guys were going above and beyond what they were asked to do . i will definatly reuse them and refer them . very professional . very hard working .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great company to work with ! ! ! ! first of all calling and setting up an appointment with poindexter was quick and easy . on the day of the move eric and joey showed up a few minutes early which i really appreciate . they were very courteous and professional . they took the time to explain the contract and got to work right away . the care they took at wrapping up my items and transporting was great and i can tell they actually want to do a great job . the guys finished the job on time and for a great price . i will be using them again and will recommend them to everyone . great job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time using a moving company was a fantastic one . all 3 movers ( will update with names later ) were amazing in getting there on time , moving everything efficiently and carefully to help us stay on our timely budget . i could n't be happier with the service and would recommend them to anyone looking for movers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a grueling 4 month remodeling project i was finally able to move my furniture to my new home . i received several recommendations for movers from the storage facility i was using . after making several calls , i settled on poindexter moving company . i was n't disappointed . they had to move furnishings from 2 locations , storage and my temporary home for the past year . the movers were slightly delayed due to a traffic accident but notified me . the guys were great . polite friendly and moved everything expertly and with care despite some challenges i.e. , moving furniture to the lower level of my home that was only accessible by a curved stairwell or hoisting furniture over the upper level porch . poindexter handled it beautifully . i could n't have been more pleased . i would n't hesitate to hire them again . deborah g .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mike and aj were my movers . they showed up promptly and after giving them a tour of what needed to be done they got right to it ! they were very courteous and very careful with my things . everything arrived at my new place without a scratch . i moved to a 3 rd floor apartment in the middle of summer and never once did i see them take a break even after offering them several times . their hustle made the rest of my day of unpacking an easy transition . i 'd highly recommend mike and aj for any job ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moving into my new flat but i could n't find enough people to help me move . i decided to break down and hire some movers . they were prompt and handled everything with care . anthony was very personable and friendly . i would recommend them to anyone who is in a crunch for time and needs nice and inexpensive movers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this moving company did amazing work ! they where fast and careful with all of the things i needed moving ! if i could i would give this company 10 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . thanks jake , joey , lauden and aaron . it was a july move and very hot - and no one complained . in fact , they all were glad to help . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike , andrew & aj helped me move today . all i can say is these guys are the bomb ! ! polite & courteous ! ! even put my bed frame together . thanks for everything ! ! i 'll use poindexter moving company again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been meaning to leave this review for over a week because i promised anthony , joe , and travis i was serious and was n't just blowing up their ego about how amazing they are . i purchased a groupon for 3 guys and two hours ; the three guys killed it and got my move done in the time frame and they even had to drive 30 minutes to my new apartment . i went from a second floor apartment to a third floor and was about as impressed as i could have been . i watched these three guys carefully carry my belongings out to their truck and then sprint back to my place to get another box . i was exhausting watching them and could n't have asked for a better moving experience . i will be booking this company the next time i move . anthony , joe , and travis- you three are amazing and i could n't thank you enough for how great you were . sorry this is late , but better late than never ! plus , i actually left it ... told ya i would : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a fantastic experience . i ca n't imagine ever using anyone else . they were professional and courteous and took very good care of my furniture . they were polite and never stopped hustling even though it was very hot out . i 've already referred them to a friend and will be using them again in the future . i have used a lot of moving companies and they are by far the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i manage a storage facility in scottsdale and i ca n't even begin to tell you how awesome these guys are ! ! they really take great care when moving your items and take tremendous pride in making sure their customers are happy ! ! ! i know my customers love them ! ! great job guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! is all i can say , i bought the groupon 3 guys for 2hrs and they completed the move in 1 1 2hrs ! ! have to give aj , joey and ian 4 thumbs up especially since i moved to the 3rd floor ! ! thank you 3 guys again ! will definitely use this service again ! as well as recommend it to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony and his crew ( joey , erick , collin , and joe ) were so easy to work with and did everything as promised ! they were careful , efficient and quick and all of my furniture and belongings were packed professionally and delivered in excellent condition . i would use them again for any move ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , efficient , professional , and did n't balk at toolboxes or stairs . pricing was clear , reasonable , and quote was accurate to final cost . will recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company ! i submitted a request for quote for my move and got a response back from anthony , the owner , within hours . i called to set up the appointment and kimberly was great over the phone . when the guys arrived , ian and mark were super efficient and great to work with . i 'd just bought my first home . they helped me move across town and the cost was within my budget . hopefully i wo n't need moving services again in the near future lol . but if i do , i 'll definitely work with these guys again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience using poindexter moving ! we hired three of their guys to help us load pack the moving truck for us . they were able to fit it all and get it done in just over 3 hours . they moved quickly and had a great attitude !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used poindexter to help us with our move a few weeks ago . ian , tyler , and alex were all great ! they arrived on time , made sure that everything was packaged and wrapped up safely , and loaded and unloaded like professional movers . all 3 were courteous and worked together well . they helped make our moving experience better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are very pleased with our experience using poindexter moving . eric , aj and jake b. unloaded our moving container quickly and professionally . i even called the office to set up another job before they finished .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got done using their service and they did a very nice job ! tyler , mark and jake were efficient and professional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only great things to say about poindexter moving . from booking the move , all the way up to the last box set down in our new place . we reserved our move about a week in advance- kimberly and andrew were super friendly and helpful to answer all questions and to give us a great quote . i had asked several companies , and poindexter definitely had the best quote all around . then came the day of the move- jake , tyler , and caleb did a fabulous job moving all of our belongings up 2 flights of stairs . they were lightning fast and were very careful with everything . we had a 16-foot truck unloaded ( we only asked them to do unloading ) in about 40 minutes- and that was mid-afternoon of a 100-degree day . they do charge for 2 hours minimum ( as do most other companies ) , but i would gladly pay again what i did for the quality service they provided us . great people , great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had these gentleman move me on june 28th , 2016 . they were amazing . jake , andrew and eric made sure everything was very well taken care of . they were on-time , efficient and even offered to help set everything up after they were done moving me in . i had a great experience . i used yelp to find them and i 'm glad i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful company ! from the receptionist kimberly to the moving crew , everyone was friendly and efficient . our movers arrived to work , and they worked hard ! my husband and i were impressed with how fast and efficient they were . they definitely made our move easier ! i would give them 10 stars if i could !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aj , mike and mark were amazing ! they were professional , hard working , quick and very careful with everything , and all for an excellent price ! i would definitely recommend poindexter moving and especially this crew ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company ! i used poindexter for a move this past week and have nothing but positive things to say . aj , andrew and joey arrived a few minutes early to check out my 2 bedroom apartment and what they 'd be moving . they moved everything , including several large antique furniture pieces and fragile items , with great care . zero damage and they made sure everything was exactly where i wanted it before they left . i had stairs at both my new and old locations and they handled them no problem . finished exactly at the time they estimated and were nothing but polite and friendly all morning . absolutely recommend using poindexter for your next move !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poindexter came highly recommended by a friend , and bonus points , they had a groupon deal . i spoke with kimberly in the office and she was very friendly , and helped me with all my questions . we were all set ! eric , andrew , and robert were our movers , and they were friendly and fast ! the move was done in a blink of an eye . thanks guys ! it really was a stress-free , quick move and we 're very glad we got them ! will hire again if another move is in our future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly service . was worried about going over the two hours of moving service that i paid , but they showed up early and had everything moved safely in 45 minutes . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved from chandler to tempe and always dread the process of moving but this move was so effortless thanks to the team of guys i had . jake , mclovin and tyler were amazing ! ! they were so efficient and had everything done in a little over 4 hours which was way faster than i expected . they were also extremely friendly and hilarious which made the process much more enjoyable . they even took the time to make sure i was happy with how the furniture was arranged in the new place before they left . best moving experience ever and i will definitely use them again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poindexter moving is the best moving company in the valley . they moved my entire home with care and speed and with no issues even though it was pouring rain the entire time . these guys are excellent and i would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just used poindexter to move from tempe to the northeast valley . poindexter came highly recommended from friends after their recent move , so we gave them a go . this was the first time we 'd moved an entire house , so we were n't really sure what to expect . well , we 're on the other side now and we ca n't say enough good things about our experience with this company ! two trucks , five capable fellas ( ian , jb , andrew , connor , and josh ) , a very reasonable price - poindexter turned one of the potentially most stressful aspects of the move into perhaps most pleasant . honestly , if you need to move - save your back and time and call this company . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric and ian did a fantastic job ! on time , professional , and very efficient ! they took great care of all of our items . i highly recommend them and pointdexter moving company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we highly recommend this company . we 've hired poindexter moving three times and they 've been consistently awesome ! ! my husband has several pianos and an organ setup that require special handling . poindexter did a great job ensuring all of our belongings made it intact to the next location . they are responsive , efficient and professional . in our last move eric , joe , anthony , ian , aj and joey displayed the same positive attitude as our first move . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys moved us in october , out of an upstairs 2 bedroom apartment . very professional and efficient . on time , courteous and respectful . we have recommended them to friends and will continue to do so ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my recent experience with poindexter was very positive . they were on time , professional and very efficient . our move required 2 trucks and 4 movers . best complement would be that they delivered on their promises and exceeded our expectations . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric and his team were absolutely amazing ! they were incredibly efficient and had everything packed up , out , and moved in at the new place just shy of two hours . this is the second time i have used these guys and it probably wo n't be the last . if you 're thinking about using them , do it ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! aj and joey helped my fianc\u00e9 and i move this past week and it was by far the smoothest move we both have ever made . they were on time , polite , hardworking , and affordable . i will never use or refer another moving company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a very good experience from beginning to end - from scheduling to the actual move . they confirmed the move the day before . jake , marc and dale showed up right on time and introduced themselves . they took great care in wrapping all the furniture and offered to pack the lamps we had n't gotten around to packing . we would definitely recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend was in a motorcycle accident the week before he was supposed to be moved out of his apartment and into his new house , and he was stuck in the hospital . i called poindexter at the last minute , 2 days before he had to be out . the girl in the office ( who 's name i 've forgotten , so sorry ! ) was very friendly and helpful , and called me back right away . she scheduled the move and emailed me details promptly . eric and andrew came out , were friendly and efficient , and had everything moved within 2 hours . there were no hidden fees ; we actually ended up paying less than we had planned , and they even referred me to a groupon for my own move next month . i appreciate this company making the move so easy for us , and for accommodating our last minute request , considering we had so many other things to focus on . ps - the boyfriend is recovering nicely . # helmetssavelives", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so my last review was a little lower . but when a company contacts me directly and explains the issue and asks nicely how they can fix an issue , well that is all you can ask for in any company . they gave me a very good quote and broke down the costs . the issue i was having is it worth it to buy an item if it is going to cost more to move than what i am buying ? they were able to give me the least i would pay and how long that gets me . that 's what i needed . i am sure i will hire them when the deal is made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this moving company is wonderful . they helped me out when i was in a jam , with convenience , smiles and help with my close schedule . joey and jake were fabulous ! i would hire both of them in a flash . they emptied three medium pods in two hours and broke nothing thank you poindexter moving joey and jake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome movers , great service ! not too expensive , take advantage of their low rates while these guys are still a smaller company ! these guys moved our 3bd 2bth 2000sqft house from az to tx in may 2016 . kevin and joey were super friendly and really hard workers . they took good care while moving our stuff . they wrapped all the furniture , mattresses , and reassembled everything once they got to our new place . we had them move 1 2 in a 3rd level storage unit and 1 2 into an apartment . they were so thoughtful in making sure the right boxes went to each location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . brent , alex and jake ( hope that 's right ) all did a good job . worked hard even in the extreme heat . moved very quickly , efficiently and politely . we are going to ask for the same gentleman for next move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , these guys work hard but yet treat your belongings like they own them . i am a real estate broker and for years could n't find a great moving company . my family made the big move this week and could n't be happier with our choice in companies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience with my move cross town yesterday . kevin and joey were professional , hard working and all around top notch movers . no time wasted ... than even ran from the truck to the house on occasion . all business , but courteous , and good value . they made it easy for me so money well spent . would use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this moving company is great ! gave me a heads up they were on their way , were on time , were efficient with loading and unloading the truck as well ! even helped fix a piece of furniture i had installed wrong too ! would recommend them to everyone and hire them again in a heartbeat . thanks to jake , aaron , and carson !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what great friendly service ! i found poindexter moving on groupon and after comparing them with others decided to call and check them out for my move . kevin was friendly and professional and very helpful in discussing the best way to do my move . moving day came and not only did i have two guys but they sent along a third one . kevin , tyler and anthony where professional quick very polite and a joy to be around in the stress of having to make a move . i would definitely recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved from austin to chandler and after driving 16hrs , the last thing i wanted to do was heavy lifting of our belongings . i initially talked to kim , who was very friendly and gave me a great price for unloading as well as answering my questions . the movers arrived on the earlier part of our time frame and finished unloading the rental truck well within the 2-hour minimum . they were professional , quick and courteous . i would definitely call them if i need to move in the future and will recommend them to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ian , jake and andrew were so quick but super professional , efficient and extremely careful with my stuff . i was very impressed with them and this company . i plan on using them again at the end of the year ) ! they were better than any of the companies i used before ( in seattle before moving here ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony , mike , and brett moved all of my things in . they were incredibly fast and careful . they put things in the correct rooms , put together my bed , and even finished early . i would recommend them to anyone and would use them again myself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job ! we had a very smooth moving experience from beginning to end . the great customer service started with kimberly who set everything up . she was professional , friendly and clear about the services and charges . she also followed up as she said she would . the truck arrived right on time . our movers , kevin , anthony , and dale were also very friendly and careful with our stuff . they were very efficient and had everything loaded up quickly . all of our belongings arrived without a scratch at our new home . and lastly , the pricing was very competitive . i would definitely use their services again in the future , or refer a friend to them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! they were all awesome ! everyone was professional and friendly ! kimberly kept us informed all the way through the process and aj , mike & brett were awesome through out the entire move . they made sure , more than once , that we not only had everything but that we were satisfied with it . i highly recommend this company to anyone needing a small or large move , they are excellent ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after calling around to several places , i decided to hire poindexter for my move . first because the person i spoke to on the phone was extremely helpful , did n't pressure me and gave me a bunch of advice on what to ask other movers for their quotes . they also ended up being the least expensive quote i received . aj and jake showed up right on time to move me and busted ass the entire time they were there . i had budgeted out a certain amount for the move figuring the rate and number of hours i thought it would take them and they beat it by nearly half . they also asked if i needed any help setting anything up or rearranging anything at my new apartment after they had unloaded . this was the first time i 've ever hired movers and it was worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the two fellows that moved my son 's belongings to storage were fast , efficient , friendly and careful . i hope when i find the receipt i can name them . it was last tuesday , for those reading the review . they took a lot of stree off of us at a highly stressful time . we would call them again and most likely will when we need to move our son , again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall a great experience . very thorough & careful not to damage furniture . eric , tyler & caleb did an excellent job & i definitely plan on using them again . thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just completed my move with jake and marc from pointdexter moving company . impressed is the best word to describe my experience . they showed up on time and ready to work . jake was efficient , professional and worked hard to make sure that i had a seamless transition . i highly recommend them to assist with you relocation needs . thanks again guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poindexter moving was great ! jake and eric were over an hour early than their original estimated time . they were able to take down , move all the furniture in my apartment from the second floor as well as all of my boxes , and set up in my new place in two hours . they were friendly and fast . and after calling 5 different moving companies in the tempe and phoenix area , they had the best prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great moving company . they are courteous and take care of your personal belongings while the are packing and moving the items . i have dealt with kevin and anthony on a couple occasions over the years and i would definitely use them again in the future highly recommend them and they 're very affordable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jake and allen did my move on a blistering hot 104 degree day . they were friendly , professional and hard working . all my furniture was carefully padded , and everything was handled with care . from booking the move to moving day , poindexter moving made the process stress free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were on time and moved everything very carefully ( 1 bhk ) within 2 hours . no last min surprises . i would surely call them if i need to move in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never write reviews but i 'll make an exception this time . i needed some help moving , looked through the reviews here on yelp , found poindexter and noticed a lot of positive reviews . i decided what the heck , glad i did . i had joe , ian , mike , and lauden . i did n't realize how much cr ... er , stuff i had . these guys took care of me . not only did they wrap my furniture to protect it and moved my heavy items very carefully , my back is still sore from watching , they got me packed and moved in a reasonable amount of time . i did have a lot more stuff than i thought . i would hire these guys again . you wo n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't use this company . the woman on the phone was super nice , but the delivery guys damaged so much property . i believe , because i used a groupon , they intentionally damaged these items . a few boxes were written specifically which side is up , they placed them upside down . every box was found upside down , which caused even more damage . i should 've known they did something wrong because they were quick to leave . they rushed us to sign . horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update to my previous review . everything started out quite disappointing in my experience with poindexter , however i 'm happy to update my review as they ended up working hard to re-earn my business . owner contacted me and apologized on behalf of his team and asked to give them another chance . movers were prompt with their appointment and careful with my stuff . appreciate their efforts in stepping up and taking care of the customer they so very closely lost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kevin , jake , anthony and ralph were fantastic on my move this past weekend . they wasted no time in getting my stuff moved . they were super friendly and i will be recommending them to friends and family . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with the movers . i found them on groupon , and had never used movers before . i was a little concerned because i did n't know how professional or efficient they were going to be , but they were amazing ! i had 3 movers , who moved my stuff from 3rd floor to another 3rd floor . they wasted no time , and they were full of energy , polite , and full of laughter . i definitely would recommend them to family and friends . i will look for the 3 gentlemen name and update this review with their names .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are phenomenal ! so helpful and kind , they were in and out in no time and did a great job unpacking us from the truck that was parked over 250 ft away . we will definitely be using this company again . also , just a side note ... the guys that started this business are former marines ! thanks for helping us get settled in our new home poindexter moving co !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the smoothest move for me , and i have moved many times . a.j . and the staff are very professional , courteous , timely , and friendly . they got the job done before their estimated time . i rate poindexter moving 5 stars and will definitely every time i need to move . thanks poindexter moving", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric and ian did a fabulous job with my move . even when there was an issue , they handled it with class . eric , thanks for taking care of my `` stuff '' . it ai n't much but it 's all i 've got and you did your best by me and mine . poindexter , thanks for hiring such great crews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ian , alex , and mike did such an awesome job moving my furniture . they were professional , efficient , and extremely careful packing up and moving everything down three flights of stairs . with the groupon it was well worth the money , i was so impressed with the level of service . definitely will be using them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found these guys through groupon and was a little skeptical by the name , but lucky for me they were complete pros ! they were on time , ready to work , and the smiles were a nice addition . i only used 1 of the 2 hours the groupon included , so it would have been nice to get reimbursed or additional services for that extra hour ... but overall the guys were great & friendly too ! also , i appreciated the ease in getting a quote and booking the appointment . many other companies did n't answer and took too long to call back ! ! if you are looking for professional customer service with a smile you ca n't go wrong with poindexter moving", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we hired poindexter moving for a second time . we used them last year so we called again ! we are pleased with their service . very respectful with our belongings and no nickel and dime charges for plastic wrapping , tape , etc . thanks to ian , dale , and rich for being a huge part of making our move as stress free as possible . we would hire them again ( we do n't have any plans to move again for a long time ) but we would highly recommend to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric and andrew did a great job with my move . they were timely and took great care of all my belongings . i would recommend them to anyone moving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were fast and professionals , but dont give them your tv 's as they will be damaged . update : the management contacted us and fixed the tv 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "moving is never fun but the guys at poindexter moving co made it as painless as it can possible be . ian , joe , kevin , and marc worked their tails off until the job was done and they did n't waste any time . everything from setting up the appointment to get an estimate to the day before and the day of went smoothly . they showed up when they said they would and delivered . i highly recommend using this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys rock ! ! they were well organized , efficient , and polite . they were so courteous making sure they got everything we needed . and moving into the new office were very careful moving everything to not scratch or damage anything . kevin , jake , allen , mike and ralph were awesome ! ! we will use them every time ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to aj , mike , and tyler ! i 've moved well over a dozen times , and this is the first time i 've hired movers . if i move again , poindexter 's getting the call . the guys were fast , efficient , good natured , and got everything done that i needed . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ian , lauden and caleb helped me for the furnitures moving . they provided a very good service by been careful and quick . 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dale and ralph made my move extremely easy and hassle free ! i would 100 % recommend using this company to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used poindexter two times now and each was a really fantastic experience . this time i just needed tuck packing service . price was laid days in advance so i knew the cost going in . jake and mike were able to show up early which was great . my full 1 1 2 apartment was loaded in just over an hour . three things about theses guys , positive attitude , hard working , and efficient . i highly recommend poindexter and wish i could use them in cali for the offload . jake and mike thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very efficient and wrapped everything ! ! ! ! saved my stuff from damage and they did it fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joey and rob were great ! did a move meant for 3 guys by just themselves and kept a positive attitude throughout . they were super strong , organized and efficient . given that this is our 4th move this year , we hope not to see them again for a long time , but we 'd definitely recommend them and this moving company to anybody , and we 'd most certainly be calling them again . poindexter moving company 's customer service is fantastic too . from the time of booking their service right up until settling the bills , they were nothing but patient and courteous . a total pleasure to work with . now on to unpacking !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "showed up on a saturday night , 7pm with a friend . the place was n't busy at all . maybe 3 other tables had people . the menu is kind of small , and the prices are above average . we both ordered the beef tacos with rice and beans . this entree was about 16 $ before tax . an hour later our food finally arrive . we were surprised it took at long considering how the place was n't busy at all , and the simplicity of a taco , rice and bean dish should be to make . the quality was n't very good . it was alright , but not restaurant good . i 've made better tacos at home many a time . the interior is kind of interesting , it is covered with thousands of clay sun masks and has a very mexican feel to it , however i felt it might have been a `` tourist '' mexican look .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yes , the service is slow . they cook to order and the wait staff and cooks seem to move at a speed which is probably normal in mexico ... but in toronto , too many people expect instant service . sometimes good food is worth the wait . the platter for 2 combo is a great deal with a lot of food ... love the soft tacos with the spicy fillings , and the hard tacos with the cool crisp salad veggies is a great way to cool the palate . oh ! the rice and beans are really good ! i could make a meal out of them alone . the salsa is heavy on the cilantro , so if you are like me , and not a fan of cilantro , skip the salsa and get the yummy guacamole for the fresh house made tortilla chips . the art on the walls is a nice touch , and available for purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more like el slow the portions here are pretty big and the dishes are very tasty , homemade kind of feeling to them . the drinks are also very well made , i got a pina coloda and was almost scared to drink it because it was so pretty and delicious . the service is terribly slow and the servers did n't seem all too enthusiastic ( not to say they 're jerks though ) but despite the very slow service , your food is hot and your drinks will be cold . the decor is pretty self explanatory if you look at the pictures . if you want to have some great ( authentic ? ) mexican food with a friend you really like ( otherwise the long wait time would be awkward ) then this is a good place to try , i have n't seen many restaurants where the food tastes homemade .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of vegetarian items . if you order in advance , you can even get the chile relleno , but who knows that far in advance if you are going out on the danforth ? this place is worth a trip , for sure . even though it 's been a while since we made the trek across town . the food is pretty authentic and some things i 've loved are the veggie tacos . they taco bell style crispy fried things , but filled with lovely beans , napole ( cactus ) , and a little sprinkle of that mexican cheese . guacamole is an extra $ 6 for huge tub of it . margaritas with massive salt rims to die for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favourite mexican restaurant in toronto hands down . one warning though , the service is absolutely slow . so if you go in with patience on your mind you will not be let down . that 's how i do it . wish their drinks were alittle cheaper as i would be drinking alot more of their rum conga 's . the guacamole is to die for and i always go for the platter for two . if anyone can suggest something as good mexican wise i 'm up for the challenge but at this point its el sol for life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a casual neighbourhood spot . as others have said the service is slow , but also friendly and laid back . the food is a little pricey , but also a tad better and different than the fare at your typical mexican joint . the guacamole was quite delicious . my meal was simple , but generously portioned and very tasty . the decor of hundreds of masks inside also is very cool . so overall , a-ok in my books .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great mexican food . yes , it is true , the service is slower than most other places even when the restaurant is empty , but the wait is worth it - you are rewarded with an excellent , made from scratch meal straight out of mexico . where many mexican places tone down on flavors and spice to cater to the canadian tastes , el sol does not hold back , but still offers a mild option for those who are n't all in favor of eating spicy food . the place is tastefully decorated and the art is available for purchase in the store inside of the restaurant . the price is slightly higher at el sol but you receive a great quantity of food and bottomless nachos and salsa . the bar offers a fine selection of beers and cocktails , but nothing compliments mexican food like a dos equis . an excellent restaurant that i have been returning to for over a decade . if you turn a blind eye to the service , you will be rewarded with an outstanding experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is authentic flavorful mexican food that ca n't be beat . however , it 's true that the service is a bit slow , and i agree that the margaritas and drinks are priced too high . my suggestion is opt for takeout and give it an extra 15 minutes . this not a restaurant for type-a personalities", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food if you 're prepared to wait a loooooong time to get it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend used to rave about this place and their tequila . we went there and i just do n't get what the big deal with about . i love mexican food and after having the real thing , this place was really disappointing ! their guacamole was too small and rather ordinary . my dish was a let down . nothing tasted particularly great and the portions were small . it is hard to find really good mexican food in toronto and i welcome recommendations . on a positive note , their decorations are really nice . if i had to choose between el sol and cucina economica , i would pick here . at least the food is served hot and all together . a newer little take out place , chipotle , is much better in terms of taste and portions . i will write a review on that one too .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok , let 's get the bad over with first . you 're going to wait for your food , no doubt about that . i 've been here several times & in each instance it took almost 1 2 hr for our order to arrive . i 'm also never sure when they 're open as i was told by the manager they sometimes 'play it by ear ' on to the good ... the food is a legit mexican experience and the menu 's veggie side is fantastic . it 's a nice change to savour home-cooked approach as opposed to the assembly line mentality of some dining experiences . oh , & the interior is pretty darn neat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "should be renamed `` el slow '' good : food is pretty good ( but tenoche in the west end is better ) ; decor is `` interesting '' bad : 1 ) overpriced -- 2 ) very very very slow - expect to wait an hour for a simple meal . uh and yeah i 've been to mexico where the same food arrives in 20 mins so do n't tell me it ca n't be done", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i gave it a shot after reading the previous two reviews just because it was the closest mexican restaurant to my place . my experience was ok , but not more then that ... the food was average , the music was ... hmm.. how should i say it ... interesting ... . i am still trying to figure out how the opening themes of the tv shows `` alf '' , `` all in the family '' , `` murder she wrote '' & `` bonanza '' are related to a mexican food but i do n't think i will ever be able to understand it.. so yeah.. the music was funky , the cart they are using to deliver food looks a bit awkward and makes a lot of noise but other then that , the food was n't bad and the price was reasonable..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , you 've got to check this place out , if even just for the decor . but it goes further , 'cause the food is very good . my adult nephew and i started with the guacamole ( w chips and homemade salsa ) . the guac and salsa were very good . we were asked what degree of heat we wanted for the salsa , and our server customised it with what appeared to be home-made coarse chile powder at our table . he left us the powder for further customisation . the chips were very similar to `` mad mexican '' brand . good , but not outstanding . i had the quesadillas baja ( cheese , mushrooms green red peppers and onions ) which were probably the best and most authentic quesadillas i 've eaten . my nephew liked his enchiladas de pollo con mole , but actually enjoyed the appetizer and accompaniments ( beans and rice ) most . the food did take a while ( i.e . about 15 minutes for the guac ) , but we were in no hurry , and there is plenty to look at on the walls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seriously great mexican food . i 'd venture to say you 'd enjoy this more than el trompo ( kensington . ) the guacamole was the best i 've ever had , and the platter for 2 was huge , delicious and i 'd totally reccomend it . we had to take half of it home , and had it for dinner . we heated up the meat potaoto filled tortillas in the forman . the margaritas were a rip off , and despite the mexican owner , the mexican art & the mexican food , this was an american margarita ( crushed ice ... i suppose i should have specified . ) pricey , for a small drink . we switched to xx . oh , and yeah , it is a bit of a wait but having read the now iphone app , i was ready for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good ok over all but one thing i have to say and the only reaspn why im posting is to talk about the serving cart . whats up with the cart ! ! only 2 of us and anything we prdered , our server brought it over on a cart . wheels on the cart were loid and obnoxious . very disruptive having to listen to the raquet of the cart all night . was also used when clearing off tables . hard to enjoy the meal or the music when having this cart with loud noise from the wheels . its too bad because its a great little place . get rid of the cart", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a great experience here tonight . we went for an early dinner and there was no wait . their home made food was served at a pace i would expect . the staff was super friendly and the decor was very interesting . great place to eat authentic , home made mexican food with lots of art work to look at while you take your time . their side of hot chilis was a great bonus so each of us could add the amount of heat we wanted . my margarita was amazing . not pre made mix crap but real lime and good tequila . we left very full having had the guacamole and platter for 2 . exceptional value and very tasty . cant wait to return . this is the real thing . i too have been to mexico and this is one regions authentic food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "el sol definitely has character ! funky place did well with my birthday party of eight . they were clear service would be slower for party that size , but it 's want so much . food and drinks were great , and they wanted to please .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eat before you get here . that 's the best way to enjoy this place . your dinner is n't going to be ready anytime soon . and when it does arrive , you 're going to realize that what you 've got is yet another all-too-commonly-found , ontario interpretation of mexican food . every dish is basically a matter of deciding in which order the beans , starch , meat and shredded lettuce will be stacked . you will swear that your order was phoned over to some other mexican restaurant in the west end and delivered on a moped . however , if you 'd just like to enjoy some margaritas and do n't really care if , when or what you are having for dinner , you 'll love the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honesty one of my favorite mexican places on the planet . my wife and i enjoy almost everything on the menu with dinner for 2 ( carne ) being our go to . the sangria is stellar tho i always feel so bad ordering more as it 's so labor intensive ( made from scratch ) and the poor guy is always solo . most of the time we order a second round when he delivers the first ; ) the decor is a sight to behold and `` art cafe '' certainly does it justice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service lacks a bit but the food is great ! try the platter for two ( with meat ) -- good assortment of fantastic morsels of hard & soft tacos , re-fried beans and rice ... . if you are not in a hurry -- - great food and the combo for two is really good value for the money !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes for your meal . the food is good but my vegetarian companion found beef in the burrito . we wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a very authentic mexican restaurant . if your expecting american style so called mexican food , then this is n't the place for you . in real mexican cuisine they 're no chimichanga 's or burritos , so if that 's what your looking for , then this is n't the place . i 've eaten authentic mexican food from several place outside of canada and this place is the only place i can say serves excellent authentic mexican food ! i only give it 4 stars because there is only one thing wrong with this restaurant and that is extremely slow service ! if you are really hungry have a granola bar or something small to tide you over before heading out here . it 's worth the wait though ! enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by this place absolutely randomly after watching a dusk dance show in a park . expected just a regular restaurant with some mexican burritos but it turned out to be a very unique experience . the whole place inside looks like it 's a museum or authentic art souvenir store . all the walls are covered with mexican artsy souvenirs ( clay suns and chat dishes ) and all the shelves are full of cool vases and cups . everything can also be bought . the ambience is very relaxed and casual . there were barely any people there when we arrived on sun afternoon . the food is pricey but delicious . not that many veg dishes but a couple . the sangria is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a very disappointing meal there about a year ago - so we decided to return and give it another shot . definitely will not go back ! 1 . restaurant is open to the small patio in front - therefore no a c inside ... ... 2 . service was non-existant and there were only 4 tables occupied . waiter provided the menus and disappeared to a phone call . if i 'm going to pay $ 50.00 for a meal for 2 people - i want service . if i wanted a meal with lousy service i 'd pay $ 6.00 at macdonald 's ! we left and will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service sucks so do n't go if you are in a hurry but the food is great and worth dealing with the crappy service . i have to say the service is getting much better", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always love eating at el sol . their guacamole is the best i 've ever had , and almost everything else is well worth eating . basically , the food is great , the service is slow , and when they 're busy , it 's very slow . good food can take time , but you might also find that you 'll have trouble getting another drink while you 're waiting , which is n't good for their bottom line . if you 're in a rush , you should probably not eat here at all , and if you want to make it as painless as possible , i 'd suggest coming early . still , the food is great , the drinks are pretty solid and the decor is fun . it 's worth going , just go when you can afford to take the time . they close for a month or so during the winter months sometime , so if you do n't know when that is , you might be in for a surprise if you go and they 're totally closed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! slllllloooooow service and long wait for food . worth the wait yes , just order chips and salsa , although i 've been there enough times they are n't always fresh . a bit pricey but give big portions . i 'm only rating the hard shell beef tacos as that 's all i 've ever eaten there . brought many people there who 've ordered other items and some loved it some not impressed . not too many good mexican places around so in comparison with the many i 've wanted to love , this ones got ta be my fave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place with tons of mexican decor around the restaurant . as what everybody else stated , the service is very slow . the guacamole is fantastic and so is the salsa . i order the garlic shrimp and my friend had the chicken breast with a tomato sauce . the portions were decent as well . i 'd go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1 hour for one dish low quality food , bad quality chiken , sauce from powder and else one good things great decor but run away from this place", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food at el sol is really good . we normally get the mixed platter for 2and there is always enough food that my wife and i both leave full . as most other people have commented the problem with the restaurant is that the service is very slow , so slow in fact that when mentioned el sol last night my wife refused to go because she ca n't bear to wait . i give it high marks for food quality quantity but the wait will definitely push the boundaries of even the most patient diners . i will return with friends or when my wife is not that hungry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere and decor are quite something . the food was good , but value for the food was a bit of a draw back . chips , salsa and guac were great . however $ 22 for enchiladas was a little steep for what you got . would go back to try more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i must say ... my friend and i had a great experience here ! first of all there are n't too many authentic mexican restaurants around and i of course yelped and took into consideration all that was mentioned about the wait time in this place . the food was delicious and on time . the complaint i have is it took too long to get served a beer ! once it got busy we were ignored ... we really needed our beer ! i even offered to serve myself ! haha come on ! we 're talking mexican beer ! it goes down like water and we ordered our food med to hot ! we also tipped more than 20 % and were practically ignored when we left . oh well ... i will go back . i just wo n't tip as much . also great atmosphere and music .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i made a special trip here , looking forward to some delicious mexican food , as promised by the other reviewers . arriving early i walked around the area for twenty minutes and then returned only to find that they still were not open . i called them and was informed that they might open in around an hour . i told the woman that i was outside and had been waiting for them to open . i am upset and disappointed ! in my business , if i ca n't follow through on a commitment i 've made , such as what time i 'll show up for an appointment , i always offer to go out of my way to make it up to the person , often offering them compensation more than double what i owed them . the folks at el sol offered me nothing for my inconvenience . i 'm not impressed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'd tell you how the food was but it never came . an hour wait time for 15 dollar nachos with no explanation or refill of water is ridiculous . we were n't the only ones , go at your at risk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg finally a panera by my work . i have been here twice and always such a great experience . they greeted me when i walked in and the staff members are so nice ! ! ! seriously beyond excited and really happy to have had great experiences so far . i 'll most definitely be coming here twice a week", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy coming to this panera bread simply because of the location . they 're located on flamingo where a few hot spots are located , down the street from unlv . their service is friendly and you can never go wrong with a you pick two.. two choices of either 1 2 salad , 1 2 sandwich , or soup . i love panera soup and salad . i do n't normally go for the sandwiches but the ones that i have tried were actually pretty good . this trip i got a grilled cheese and tomato soup ... the bread was pretty hard and the soup was n't hot at all . i was very disappointed . at least the 99 cent pastry kept me going .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place , so happy the company stepped up and got rid of a lot of preservatives in their food , that 's why i started coming back , and happy to be eating here again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely great place to eat a great a clean meal ! i usually order the greek salad with oven roasted turkey . i do n't know of any order place i could get this meal . if i forget to prep my food i know i can get a lean meal here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience here ! i stopped in one day for breakfast . they did n't have what i wanted , so i just bought a tea . the manager was so nice and did n't charge me for the tea , apologizing that they did n't have what i wanted . so , i had n't planned on going back , but because that manager treated me the way he did ( there are a lot of homeless people in lv and i do n't know that he could have distinguished me from anyone else , as i was on foot and dressed very casually ) , i would make it a point to go back . the next day , i went back for dinner with my traveling partner . they had a great deal on 99-cent pastries with the purchase of a meal - i believe a limited time promotion . but , we got great salads and pastries and tea and it was fantastic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is on point during lunch . sometimes there are no tables available but the service is well . the food is tasty but a little pricey . it 's nice to go once and a while and has perks if you sign up for their membership . if you are one to judge a place but the cleanliness of its floor , do n't look down . their breads are freshly baked everyday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went in here to purchase two dozen bagels for the office i work at . more than half of the variety of the bagels were gone and i was told that is all they had available . it is not even 7:30am yet . very disappointing that panera would not keep a full stock of their variety available at this time if day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mady loved the butter noodles and ate the entire bowl . it 's a first for the picky eater i loved the edamame bowl the mac n cheese is divine everything g was just super yummy moms favorite ... i would have had the tuna sandwich with her by no bread now oh mom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , kind , resourceful people making wonderful fresh food . i had lunch here today , left my purse with $ 150 cash , license and credit card . caitlin and her beautiful staff held it for me , found me on facebook and i got everything back . thank you thank you thank you ! i will forever be a loyal and appreciative patron !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their soups are delicious , however , the way they prepare sandwiches in this location is atrocious . the bread is soggy , cheese is not even melted , and portions are minuscule for what you pay . i suggest going else where .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location is new judging from the recently issued health certificate on the wall ( which they had an a ) and the staff were really friendly . it was also very clean but kind of hard to get to because of all the traffic on the strip . i got here around 3 and it was n't busy . my salad was crisp and there was not one wilted leaf . i 'd come back again because i love the food at panera and this location does n't seem to be any different than the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is not like the other places . they ran out of espresso so only decaf is available then bagels are out so we ordered sandwiches then after waited 15 min the order still came out wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped into panera friday afternoon 12.23.16 for hot soup to warm the body on a cold vegas day . initially ordered the broccoli cheddar bowl for 5.99 until the cashier recommended ordering each item separately for larger portion size . needless to say 11 bucks later i had to choose a side item and was offered a pastry for an additional buck . the soup was great but it chills pretty quickly in the bread bowl . next time i 'll order the soup by itself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love panera bread . i was happy to find near my hotel where i started . the food is great as usual . it 's consistent and fresh . i ca n't complain about it . but down side , i did n't know that customer supposed to warm our own food . long line with only one microwave in small place , bumping each other to get our food over utensils station . they put brown napkins under pastry , after warm up .. guess what ? ... ... i had to remove napkin pieces one by one every single bite , no joke ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this panera bread is the worst i have ever been to . the half sandwich was 2 1 2 inches and their salad box was half full . i have been to several others but never got such small amount for the money $ 9.38 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came for breakfest at 8am out of half the begals . the women 's restroom was disgusting and was not usable . avoid this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to this panera a few times now and they seem to be inconsistent . first time rapid pick up was perfect and ready promptly . second time , the order was correct but it took at least 5 minutes past my pick up time for me to get my food . yesterday , i went for my rapid pickup and waited 10 minutes past my pick up time . i was really looking forward to my southwest chile lime ranch salad but it was missing the chips . that 's like one of the best parts ! my dressing seemed bland . i 've had the salad before but yesterday it was just lacking flavor . maybe they were just swamped but i was disappointed . maybe i need to try a different location again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "panera vs. paradise bakery . paradise wins from an ease of ordering standpoint . panera has an odd order taking system that prevents salads from being made in real time . quality and taste - this is a draw . very similar items , quality of ingredients similar . overall ease of use - paradise wins . paradise provides a 16 oz ( complimentary ) cup for water . panera provides a dixie sized cup - think mouth wash sized . most paradise have two beverage dispensing stations . panera has one and the lines can move slowly . the position of this locations beverage center is in one of the main isles - lots of `` whoops '' `` sorry '' and `` excuse me '' going on @ panera . best of luck panera .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not my favorite location . my cashier ( treyvon ) was nice had a great smile was nice to talk with & for the rest of the employees i ca n't say the same , while i was waiting for my food ( for awhile ) they did n't look happy at all cursing and walking around with attitudes . i came in happy and i was n't happy when i left .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to this location bc i was headed to henderson to see a friend and she wanted the pick two . i typically go to the location in summerlin for my rapid go order . first , the location is very clean . typically super busy during the lunch hour because of the location being on howard hughes pkwy which is nothing but offices . i ordered 2 pick twos , wild chicken rice soup and 2 salads . my kale and caesar salad did not have croutons on it ... .none ! that annoyed me bc i really love those lil cheesy delights . but of course , i did n't find that out until i was clear in henderson . secondly , their portions seem to be smaller than the summerlin location that i frequent . overall , not a bad location jut disappointed in my croutons and the smaller portions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thank you to contesa who made our whole day better by fixing my best friends sandwich ! you deserve a raise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great but the lunch menu is not worth the $ spent . would have been better off going to subway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have loved panera for many years . this impromtu visit was a little disappointing . my partner and i decided on panera after a few hours of gambling across the street at tuscany . i chose the pick 2 , a turkey apple salad sandwich on walnut cranberry bread and a bowl of chicken noodle soup . everything was great until the food arrived and the bottom half of the sandwich was completely soaked by the salad , though it was good , it was hard to eat as it fell apart . the soup was just as disappointing as it was a bowl of very good chicken broth and a couple noodles ; not a single piece of chicken . the best part of both meals was the .99 cent upsold pastries we had for dessert . though this visit was a let-down , it was not the norm and i will patronize this panera store again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food & fast service ! i love the pick 2 . i had the chipotle chicken avocado melt and mac and cheese . i also had the pumpkin muffin it was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u30d5\u30a1\u30b9\u30c8\u30d5\u30fc\u30c9\u3067\u306f\u3042\u308b\u3051\u3069\u30de\u30af\u30c9\u30ca\u30eb\u30c9\u306e\u5bfe\u6975\u306b\u4f4d\u7f6e\u3059\u308b\u304a\u5e97\u3001\u30aa\u30fc\u30ac\u30cb\u30c3\u30af\u3092\u5c0a\u3076\u30a2\u30e1\u30ea\u30ab\u30f3\u306b\u53d7\u3051\u5165\u308c\u3089\u308c\u3066\u3044\u308b\u3002 \u96e3\u984c\u306f\u30aa\u30fc\u30c0\u30fc\u306e\u3084\u3084\u3053\u3057\u3055\u3001\u82f1\u8a9e\u304c\u9054\u8005\u3058\u3083\u306a\u3051\u308a\u3083\u4e0b\u8abf\u3079\u306f\u5fc5\u9808\u3060\u3051\u3069\u3001\u4f55\u3068\u65e5\u672c\u304b\u3089\u306fip\u30a2\u30c9\u30ec\u30b9\u304c\u5f3e\u304b\u308c\u3066hp\u304c\u898b\u3089\u308c\u306a\u3044\u3001\u4e32\u3092\u6253\u3063\u3066hp\u3092\u898b\u3066\u7814\u7a76\u3057\u305f\u3051\u3069\u30a4\u30de\u30a4\u30c1\u8981\u9818\u3092\u5f97\u306a\u3044\u3001\u73fe\u5730\u306e\u53cb\u9054\u306e\u30ec\u30af\u30c1\u30e3\u30fc\u53d7\u3051\u3066\u7a81\u6483\u3002 \u30a2\u30e1\u30ea\u30ab\u3067\u306f\u3042\u308a\u5f97\u306a\u3044\u7a0b\u3001\u5947\u8de1\u7684\u306b\u512a\u3057\u3044\u30ec\u30b8\u306e\u304a\u59c9\u3055\u3093\u306e\u529b\u3082\u501f\u308a\u3066\u606f\u5b50\u30682\u4eba\u98df\u4e8b\u306b\u3042\u308a\u3064\u304f\u3002 \u300c\u3080\u3061\u3083\u304f\u3061\u3083\u7f8e\u5473\u3044\u308f\uff01\u300d\u3068\u666e\u6bb5\u30b5\u30e9\u30c0\u3092\u98df\u3079\u3066\u611f\u52d5\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u306a\u3093\u3066\u7121\u3044\u3067\u3042\u308d\u3046\u8089\u98df\u7cfb\u306e\u606f\u5b50\u306e\u611f\u60f3\u3002 \u65e5\u672c\u306b\u3082\u6765\u3066\u6b32\u3057\u3044\u306a\u3002", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i visited panera for lunch . it was a wonderful experience : from the moment we arrived to place our order , to the customer service , food , and did i mention the customer service ? it was great . we look forward to visiting again this week , during our vegas stay . both of us have visited panera in the central valley of california , and we have never been treated so kindly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great delivery service ! food comes on time and well put together . order is correct and if they do n't have something they have called me for a substitute option . good is fresh and tasty . i order the pick 2 option , which is half order of a salad , soup , or sandwich . the baked goods are pretty tasty too . although i would recommend reading the calories posted on their website because some of the items can rack up a lot of calories before you even know it . highly recommend if catering or ordering for large groups . the steak and cheese sandwich is my favorite . it has some horseradish sauce that is n't too strong and the meat is very tender . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my absolute fave experiences at panera were here ! the employees were so helpful , patient , and kind . they helped me decide what to get and encouraged me to try . and the food ? delicious ! i redeemed my free daily bagel and got the pick 2 deal . absolutely delicious ! i loved the sandwiches , pastries , and coffee . yum ! will come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cesar is very nice and helpful . he is a good manager . great customer service . the food is good here . i will return again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dear panera it wo n't kill you to serve better portions . giving this place a one star because apparently 1 2 a sandwich is less than 1 2 of what an actual sandwich is suppose to be . not to mention my broccoli cheddar soup was cold . super disappointed with this place , girl at the register was kind of rude i feel like she over charged me for my meal ! wo n't be coming back here again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice relaxed environment with friendly staff . my food came out quickly and was very fresh . i ordered a chicken and avocado melt for $ 9 and for an additional $ 1 they added a pastry . the pastry selection looked great and i thought was a nice treat to take home for later", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , excellent food . best of all the manager is so professional , courteous , kind & helpful . bree our waitress so pleasant , cordial & friendly . thank you for hiring such a wonderful manager & staff .alexandra was so patient & helpful to my deaf son who was ordering several things & wanted to ask her a few questions . loved everything ! will definitely frequent your establishment many times . alexandra & bree should be acknowledged . great asset to your restaurant . thank u !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous service ! dining with my daughter who has food allergies and the staff was extremely accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good location close to strip . usually busy , because of location . good food , friendly staff . last visit i tried the corn chowder and southwest chicken salad , both excellent , will get again . and for breakfast : always love the souffl\u00e9s in the morning and get cravings for them they are so good . one negative , it always seems to be kind of dirty in this location , maybe it 's the high volume of customers but floors always look filled with crumbs and tables are not kept clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had chicken noodle soup and chicken avocado melt for pick 2 deal ( half & half ) and i really enjoyed them . the staffs were helpful and kind and i would definitely come here again for my breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've increased my rating from a 4 to a 5 after coming here regularly since september . the employees are kind , attentive and add to the experience . i 'm partial to the night time staff . daytime staff is also good . never been here in the morning . this location is very busy at lunchtime . once the lunchtime rush is over , the customers come in waves . i ca n't speak to what it 's like in the morning . the food is always good and served quickly . with a mypanera card you receive free food drink or discounts after every 8 visits . there is free wifi , plenty of seating , a good mix of music and it 's just a nice place to eat , have something to drink ( no alcohol ) and spend some time . it 's really nice having a panera in my part of town . i like panera in general and i especially like this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably the best panera i 've been to ! i did an online order and my iced coffee was n't included in the order for some odd reason and they gave me one anyways . this location also has its green tea and lemonade next to the pop machine which i love ! the food is delicious as always !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice outdoor patio . very friendly and helpful staff and managers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in to order a cob salad to go . i explicitly said no cheese three times because i ca n't have dairy . i get home and there 's bleu cheese all over my salad , which i now have to throw out . the traffic is too ridiculous tonight for me to turn around and get a new salad . frustrating !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good , service was friendly , food was served quickly , looked and tasted great ! could 've been better on the cleanliness side though , we had to clean off our own table and the restroom was just ok . i 'd go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical panera . good food made quick and perfect for lunch . however i want to say the staff at this particular location are great . the location is always very clean and they strive to make sure you 're satisfied with your meal . they 're always willing to go the extra mile especially for when you 've made a large to go order . always happy with my choice to go here and have yet to be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great greek salad . very fresh , and good ingredients . i was surprised to find that they deliver your food directly to the table for you . no more waiting in line at the window to get your food . kinda handy . per usual , coffee was fresh and a little above average for a ship that does n't specialize in coffee ... but then i 'm a bit of a coffee snob : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally visited a panera bread and this was the best location . food was delicious and great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "convenient location , off the strip . plenty of parking , plenty of indoor and outdoor seating . staff are friendly and extremely attentive . free coffee refills , plenty of plugs , free and strong wifi , makes it very competitive to starbucks , with the advantage of a broad menu . decent frequent buying program .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved my salad . i asked plenty of question at the register . green goddess cobb is delicious . i enjoy the option for a fuji apple instead of bread . $ 10.26 and full . salad has antibiotic fresh chicken breast , fresh greens and a generous portion of quality ingredients including a perfect avocado .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has never let me down . best one in location in town . clean , quick and yummy . i am so happy when i get the gift cards for a birthday . we just bought lunch for 3 people and it came out to only $ 27.75", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had a great experience with the staff at this panera . even though we had some trouble with mobile ordering on their app ( 1st world problems ! ) , all the issues and minor mix ups from mobile ordering were resolved by the staff quickly . they made it right , and even gave us a gift card and cookie for the trouble . it 's the small gestures that make all the difference . these guys are top notch and are empowered to `` make it right . '' of course the food was amazing as well and came to our table very quickly . ca n't say enough great things about this location , and about panera in general . if only we could get panera up in salt lake city ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work really close to this location so i frequently do the rapid pick-up . the rapid pick-up allows you to order your food online and choose what time you what to pick it up . usually when i do this it 's ready for me right when i walk in and i 'm in and out in a minute . the only problem i have is recently there have been a lot of orders that have been incorrect . i would say about 50 % of the time something is missing from an order . i recommend you check your bag whenever you do take out from here just to make sure you have everything you ordered . my office did a large order a few weeks ago and had to go back because a lot of items were missing . i 've never had this issue at other locations but maybe it 's because this is a busier one ? just check your bag before you leave !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this chain restaurant . the food is always good and relatively healthy . i love it that they change their menu once in a while especially during holiday seasons . i always get their 1 2 sandwich and soup combo . you can choose among a variety of soups ( in this location they had clam chowder and it was as good as in any good fish restaurant ! ) they also include a pastry for only 99 cents . how can you beat it ? the place is clean and the service is fast . we will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "self-serve lemonade ? i am sold ! mac and cheese this is the usual for kate b ! few cons though , if you 're hungry get the large mac and cheese . the regular small mac and cheese is the same as the kids mac and cheese and cheaper ! so just get the kids if you 're not that hungry ! cherry pastry instead of bread or apple i get this instead , i do n't really like cherries but this one passed my standards lol ? service they messed up my order one time and the receipt says that if they do you get a free stuff ! and it is 100 % true , i got a free scone ! they seem to clean the table as soon as the customers leave , and it looks like they added more seats . like i said above self-serve lemonade is a win win if you love drinking arnold palmer ! ! ! ! ! so far this is the only panera that i like and wont mind to be in for hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediterranean salad was freshly made and a good enough size ( i 'm a fairly big eater ) . service was ok quick . half of the patrons there were unlv students . it 's trendy , with tasty , healthy fare . self serve lemonade and iced tea is a big plus , especially on a hot vegas summer day . will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought my broccoli cream 2 times a week , but today my cream was water and tasteless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok , i am unable to check if my rapid pick up order is correct every time , especially when i order more items . every time something is missing , i am really disappointed . so today basil pesto dressing was missing and bread is not sliced , as it was suppose to be . enough is enough . they really do not give attention to details at this location . i so much love panera and this is the closest location , but these constant mistakes deter me from ordering more , as i know that i ca n't count that i will get what i have a taste for , moreover i know that for certain i wo n't get my order prepared right . if that day ever comes that my order will show to be correct when i get home with it im going to jump up of joy . panera you should pay these people more , because as of now they really do n't care for your business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is hit or miss . we normally use their rapid food order and very frequently the order is wrong . since we take the order to go there is n't much we can do about it in such a small time period for lunch . as frustrating as this is we still continue to order from panera since it is one of the only places that has an online order app . and we can order in the morning and have it ready to pick up at lunch . i recommend the steak sandwich . it has good flavor and is filling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a busy day at this location with multiple teenage basket ball teams dining in , but the young woman working the dining room , lynn , is rockin it ! she has been so sweet , friendly , and attentive , and her customer service is very personalized for each person . you can tell she is a genuinely caring woman , and she has made my day . i 'm about to head out now , and my hope is that i can be a lynn to someone today . thanks girl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best panera i 've been too . the staff is amazing . especially the cashier ladies . they are rock stars from the food runners to the ambiance of the establishment . this is a great place to come . i always come here before i head to work on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very easy walk from hughes center one of the better options to choose from in this complex their thai spicy chicken salad with sandwich or mac & cheese from the you picked two is just the perfect amount for lunch . i have been here a couple times now and have been very pleased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dos escuelas is a big square of a dog park with a nice big patch of grass . while the space is big , there is no separation between big and small dogs -- they share the same space . that 's not really a problem , but some smaller dogs can get nervous around bigger dogs towering over them . that said , i 've been a few times and the people i 've met in the morning and evening are nice and welcoming and they seem to have mellow dogs . i 've yet to meet an aggressive dog there . also , if you like taking your pooch to the park at night , the space seems very safe -- it 's well lit and there are lots of people around even up to 10 p.m .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i lived closer , i used to visit this park pretty regularly . the people are friendly , and the dogs tend to be mellow . as the other reviews have stated , there is no separation for little and bigger dogs , so if your pup is aggressive or overly timid , this may not be the right place for you . there are a few covered benches , and they keep the place clean and the grass nice and watered . also it is well lit after dark . the park technically closes at 10:00 , but they do n't really lock it up , and i 've been there at midnight a few times without being hassled . it is a nice sized space to be able to sit and keep an eye on your pooch at play . not so small that everyone is cramped , but not so large that you loose sight or have to go chasing all over the place trying to get the dogs reigned in . all in all , a really nice park .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a wonderful place to take your dog , particularly because it 's one of the few ( if not the only ) dog park in henderson that remains lit after sunset . as many people before me have mentioned , it is a mixed dog area meaning that large dogs and small dogs are allowed to play together . as the parent of a 93 lb german shepherd , i can say that some small dog owners are weary of this fact ! the dog park is completely gated with benches and a small covered area for parents to watch their fur babies . there is a doggie water fountain near the entrance . if you come on a weekend , you might even be able to catch a little league baseball game at one of the lower baseball fields ! it is a great place to meet other dogs and their parents . my dog child loves it here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's not the best facility as far as my favorite dog parks . but it might be the best for the dogs to socialize . plenty of freindly people during peak hours . wide spaces and places to sit . amador is the best facility but my dogs love this place too . ... rob os review says it best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good clean park for doggies and people . not too big and not too small . owners seem to keep an eye on their pets so that 's good . they have a tennis court and a basketball court as well . would visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been going to this park for about 1.5 years now . always a good group , at least dog wise . we have full size dogs so i do n't even think about the `` small dog '' complaints ... do n't take your purse dog here if it ca n't handle real size dogs should be common sense . the grass is usually green and nice but remember this is a desert . parks rec cut down one of the trees that gave it great shade , not sure if it was diseased or not . they almost always have dog bags in the dispensers and most owners keep an eye on there dog 's `` activities '' . balls are plenty with a tennis court right next to the park !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very tiny . no separate area for small dogs . clean . friendly people and good dogs when i stopped in during a long day of driving . but if passing through again , i would look for a different place a bit larger .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we take our pup at least once a week . the dogs and the owners are very friendly ! no separate small dog area . there is a water fountain for dogs and quite a bit of shaded spots to kick back as well . we will return over and over for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good size dog park . lots of sets for the dog owners . water fountain for both owner and dogs . the only down side is that the grass does n't look like its maintained .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever we are in henderson for vacation triathlon training , we take the puppies here to stretch their legs . lots of grass , sanded areas , and concrete ( covered ) benches and simple trees . feels so cozy , yet large enough for them to play , run , and do their business . whenever we come , it 's never crowded and there are plenty of parking spaces . poop bags are provided , the grass is n't dirty or covered in poop , and there 's a working water fountain ! ca n't complain ! ! ! maybe i feel this way because the dog parks in la sucks , but this feels like my backyard . one star down for having both big and small dogs together , which does n't seem to be a problem , but still .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel like i should change my address to here because i am here about 12-15 hours a week with my dog . she 's only a year and a couple months old do she still has a lot of puppy energy she needs to get out . she will play soccer by herself for hours and also has a few friends she wrestles with . luckily , this park has a pretty good group that frequents and there 's a lot of responsible dog owners . there 's a few larger trees for shade , benches , a large grassy area ( although it seems to always be in need of a little tlc ) and a watering station ( however it 's currently broken and so you need to reach inside the ground and turn it on manually ) . we 've never had a problem there , but as to be expected with most dog parks , there is the occasional dog fight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a nice park if you have a dog , i like to head over here in the mornings after i drop my son off at school . it 's quiet and plenty of shade for relaxing . it 's clean and very pretty ! i really enjoy walking here ; it 's always nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here ! i came in looking for some cake decorating supplies back in october but was n't sure exactly what i wanted . the owner ( ? ) was there and she was so friendly and helpful . not only did age help me pick supplies and give me tips on decoration technique and storage , but i actually stood there and chatted with her for a good 20-30 minutes ! i was supposed to bring a picture of the finished product but still have n't gotten around to it ! i appreciate this small locally owned business and the care being put into their service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , a bout a month back i had a very frustrating day , i was riding my bike to work , and the batter just blew out on me , fuse blew and the power stopped while riding..which was weird . in any case , i was very gratefule for arizona motorcycle towing . was recommended to me by my mechanic french over at cyclewerks . this a great husband and wife team . the trailer is awesome looking - price was reasonable , and they were able to get to me withing 25 minutes of my call . was able to pay with credit card - and did n't need to follow them to my destination , felt totally comfortable leaving my bike with them to make it to my destination .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know waiting happens . but after the wait michelle , came to tow my sons bike . she was fast getting loaded and fast getting it home . great prices great person . already put there phone number in my phone just in case i need them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a wonderful experience getting my freshly built bike towed from michelle . she was gentle and did n't put a single knick on my bike . very very reasonably priced as well as expedite service . thanks for your services michelle , i will use your services and recommended them without hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a new bike from western honda in scottsdale and was n't comfortable riding it home . made arrangements with the dealer to have it delivered and they had michelle deliver the bike . i was impressed with the truck and system used to get the bike off and on the truck . michelle is a very nice person and her business is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "motorcycle got a flat rear tire while on the highway . we were able to get off and make it to a gas station . we tried several tow companies some of which could not tow the bike because they did not have the proper equipment and others were charging well over 100 dollars . finally called arizona motorcycle towing & storage and let me tell you , quick response and a lift which is for a motorcycle . by far the best price to be taken back home which was 20 miles from where we were at . our tow driver was curtis and he was professional and very nice . i will definitely keep their number in my phone and pass out their business cards to my other friends who ride .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arizona motorcycle towing company is very professional and friendly service . i called them to have my bike picked up . and they showed up in timely manner . great communication and safely towed my bike . their price is very reasonable and excellent customer service . driver was friendly and knowledgeable . he checked my seat , in case it will fly off during the towing . and guess what . seat was loose . he just saved me from losing a seat down the freeway . i highly recommend them for any motorcycle towing . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are just awesome ! on time and a good price . no hassles . strongly recommend to any stranded bikers . picture attached ... has to be a ducati", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best towing company out there ! they put your bike in the back of a pick up via hydraulic lift . your bike is 100 % safe the whole time , you do n't have to worry about it falling off the back of a flat bed or swinging around on the back of a trailer . michele is super nice and treats your bike as if it were her own .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself the humble favor and remove this artwork that is n't even yours . your actions are disgraceful to say the least . i suggest you back away slowly before you work yourself into a messy legal corner . it saddens me to even give you a 1 star when it 's not even your work that you are profiting from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please be aware he stole this art . do not purchase this thieves art as it makes real artists look bad . the art i am referring to is : http : 3-michael-knight.artistwebsites.com featured the-city-at-night-m-and-l-creations.html", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not buy art from this person . he is not an artist , he is an art thief who steals real artists work then tries to pass it off as his own .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food here is great , none of that msg b.s . like other places . all items on the lunch menu are perfect size portions . staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was fast and great . little family restaurant . had the green curry for lunch was lots of food . for 8 $ what more could you want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad to have found lucy ! ! she worked her magic on my back and neck ! ! i will definitely be back ... love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i love this place and i am very enjoy ! he massage is relaxing . therapeutic .and a wonderful experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really recommend this place ! the service is good , and very professional ! after a whole day week , having a good feet message is really helped with sleep !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always come here for a foot massage . everyone is super nice and they all do an excellent job . normally i only allow men to work on my feet simply because they are generally stronger than women , but here , the women are equally as strong ! ! love it here . nice , clean , relaxing place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this place . working two jobs is stressful enough . its nice to see a message place that get how important the feet are in everyday life . i had a good relaxing foot massage loved it so much that i brought my coworker she loved it as well top quality place you must try if in the mood for a great massage", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started going here about a month ago and i absolutely love it . i go once a week to get a 1 hour massage by chris and it 's amazing . i walk on my feet all day at work and this helps me so much . i have been to other feet massage places and this one is by far the best . when i say chris is absolutely amazing , i mean absolutely amazing . he uses the properly techniques , pressure points , and stretches that leaving you feeling relaxed and rejuvenated . i would recommend this place to all of my friends and family because of chris and the amazing service i receive each week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! it 's always good to be able to let the kids play in the play area here at the mall while you get a good foot massage ! and to top it off to do a great job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lucy is the best massage therapist ever ! i have shoulder problems & she totally helps make the issues i have feel better ! so that was my first trip there & that was a full body massage . my second trip there was feet massage & they gave me a card to get discounts ! they are all very professional & nice , can not wait to go back every month ! they also go above & beyond great service & give a free bottle of water after every massage", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do like this place cause they r very professional . make customer feel relax and comfortable . i think i will come back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are amazing . we were at the truck show aapex and walked like 4 hours , i found them on yelp got here we took 60 min . feet massage and god it was great they deserve 5 star .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i walked in and told them exactly what was needed and i got just that ! ! ! even though it was only a 30 minute back and neck it was great . next time i will ask for 60 minutes because it will be totally worth it . 5 stars ... i will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from phoenix , az . i was in henderson nv . visiting when we went to the galleria mall in henderson . walking around i noticed feet first and gave it a try . i tried a short chair massage and quickly realized these guys are good so i took a one hour combination massage . half hour foot half hour body . this was the best . these people are the best . all very professional and very friendly . when i am in nevada again i will make feet first at the galleria a welcome stop on my trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom went here and absolutely loved it ! ! ! definitely the type to get the job done even if your time has run out . i put this place over any massage envy ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic ! i like it so much better here than massage envy . i 've been here twice and planning many more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing a relaxing time , very clean , people were nice and i felt very refreshed when done great work i recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing experience ! so relaxing ! my feet felt so amazing afterwards will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went on the striped bass charter with 9 people on the boat , the boat was nice , the equipment in good working order . the captain was like fishing with one of your buddies , he told us interesting stories , provided advice on catching . got us on fish and made sure everyone had a good time and caught fish . they ranged from three to five pounds , not large but still a great day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought fly fishing lessons for my brother and i and called them prior to booking for a sunday class . said it was fine ... and booked a sunday date with them . they cancelled the class for my day and rescheduled for a few weeks later to be cancelled again . now they said they only have saturday classes that i can book . only reason i booked with them was to go on sunday because of my work schedule mon-sat . they said they 'll rebook me when a sunday class opens up again . my original booking day was back in oct 2011 , it 's been 7months . emailed them a few times during that span to see if there are any open spots ... all i get is a `` we 'll see . '' so my ratings is based on their availability and flexibility in scheduling . gave them an extra 3 months before i wrote this review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a friend took me today as a birthday gift . tnx dan . it was fun on a bun from the first minute . the wether was perfect , everyone were nice . the guide was extremely nice & knowledgeable . he took us to eigjt places . everybody got plenty of fish . he even thought us a new way of fishing . the 4 hours just flew by . tnx , definitely will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a bass trip for a me and a friend through a groupon and davis was the guide . we were on the trip with a father son and it was amazing . our first stop , i caught one the first 10 minutes and the father caught one too . after 30 minutes , davis took us to a different spot and it was booming from there ! my friend and i each caught at least 10 in 4 hours and the father and his young son probably caught the same or more . my friend was the only one to catch a catfish . davis was so knowledgeable about fishing and was great with the kid who was having a blast . would definitely go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a trip for my husband and father in law back in august of last year for his birthday . i was n't sure the trip would still be valid , as it was well over a year . i called and they were great to work with ! they finally went on the trip last week and they had a blast ! my father in law was never really into fishing , but even he had a great time ! they said the guide was professional and very knowledgeable about the waters . for someone that 's usually meh about most things , it 's nice to hear him still talking about the experience overall . we 'll be back ! vicki m .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! had dale as our guide , and can highly recommend him . we had a great time ! there were 2 of us and dale . thought pricing was reasonable for the experience . dale is personable and very knowledgeable and very much on top of his game ! i have been fishing for years on the east coast , but learned a lot from dale about fishing and az fishing especially . this excursion was a gift for my son in law and he agrees he enjoyed it immensely . dale ensured we were always set up appropriately , explained things in the right amount of detail , and really knew his stuff . happy go lucky with a lot of client focus . bottom line , had a great time ! would do it again . highly recommend our guide dale - yup even if you are an experienced fisherman ... well worth it . oh yeah , caught my largest bass since moving here a number of years ago - thanks dale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we caught quite a few fish , but the guide was pretty rude and full of himself . acted like it was a privilege for us to be fishing with him . wo n't be going back . do n't need an attitude on what should be a relaxing fish trip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was so much fun . larry is the absolutely best guide . enjoyed myself immensely . we caught fish , enjoyed the outdoors . who could ask for more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike fixed my bumper and doors after i had gotten into a car accident . he matched the paint right on and had my car back to me in no time . not only was he helpful in explaining the process but he was also very personable and professional . i give him 5 stars for such great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't be happier with the work mike did ! i feel like i have a brand new car . i recommend him to everyone i know looking to get work done on their car , and everyone ends up extremely happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm thrilled with the repair on my mercedes ! they did a great job . they had to correct repairs that someone really messed up . amazing work ! even got a follow up call ... ..yay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing but positive experience with exclusive customs ! great customer service and the time frames of car maintenance and fixing . always there for you on the phone to answer all your questions . fair pricing . mike is very helpful and attentive to every concern a customer could have . he even gave me a replacement car to drive for a bit ! thank you mike ! and thank you exclusive customs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently took my girlfriends corolla in for her front bumper repair after she accidentally hit something . mike was upfront with his quote and word and met his commitment . mike and his crew at exclusive customs explained what they would do and did a great job with the repair . we 're happy with the work and would highly recommend if you 're looking for good professionals to get auto body repair from !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing but positive things to say about this place ! i got referred to them by a close friend when i got into a car accident they took care of my car and i got it back like nothing get happened . they also referred and drove me to a car rental place and we 're giving me updates as my car was getting fixed . i was so impressed by the work that they did so i a few months later i went back for a few upgrades to the car ( window tint and blacked out lights ) that only took a day to complete overall i suggest this place for all car needs you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , in the past 6 months i 've had to get my body kit on my car fixed up twice due to some accidents . i came to exclusive customs both times and left very satisfied and happy with their quality and diligent work . it looks as if nothing happened to my car ! they matched my odd type of paint with no problem and were able to give me a very decent price both times i went there . definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for quality body work on any type of car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike is the best out there . he will help you with everything he can and soo much more he is a truly amazing person . he will make sure your car get the best work on it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "twice i have used mike to make repairs . he did a thorough job and there were no surprises . he kept me advised and the car was ready when he said . hopefully , i do n't need him again but if i do , i know i can trust him definitely someone i will work with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received referrals to this shop from a lot of my trusted friends and they where all right - mike and his crew do a great job with a professional manor to get the job done perfect the first time at a great rate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been corresponding with the owner mike about some things i wanted to get done to my car and he has been super helpful . recently decided to get a doubled din installed and dropped it off to them around 10:30am on a friday . they had it done by 2:30pm same day . super easy transaction , good clean work , and a friendly helpful owner and staff . will definitely be coming back for some more work in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as soon as i pulled up to this place i saw nothing but high end vehicles i thought to myself oh no another shop to try to take advantage of me being regular guy in regular car once i arrived inside was i was greeted by mike and then we went outside to assess the damage on my vehicle he seemed very knowledgeable and was very friendly his quote was very reasonable so i decided to go with him when i got my car back my car was good as new thanks mike and thanks exclusive customs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to mike by a good local friend of mine , had tint done and wheels powdercoated . i was highly impressed with the work and at a fair price also . he and his team are knowledgeable and experienced in all the work they do , will highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome work , fair prices and great customer service . the whole crew is professional , especially mike . he 's warm , friendly and will go into detail about anything you might not understand or have questions about . and he always picks up his phone , even when he 's off the clock ! ! ! guy works too hard hahahaha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could give 10 stars . my audi was keyed , had gravel road debris damage and a previous severly botched paint job from maaco . they fixed it all at an amazing price . great service , car was ready 2 days earlier than expected and looks like brand new . there is nobody else in town to use . dont fall for those insurance company prefered loser vendors list . these guys arent on those lists because they are ten times better and dont need the business or the hassles . great experience from begining to end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought in my 2006 subaru to mike for a complete paint job of the hood and fenders after some damages and scratches were found . mike was very easy to work with , and after a couple of emails and phone calls , he provided an invoice and a offered an eta on the project . if you look around youll see most of their cars are high end , but that is because of the quality of work and trust owners have with this company . mike made it easy for me to bring in my 10 year old legacy gt and treated me like i owned a lamborghini . definitely recommend exclusive customs to any car enthusiasts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lived in las vegas over 40 years and have never had better customer service and quality workmanship . exclusive customs and their employees are fantastic . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shop in town hands down . friendly service , great prices and better work ! ! ! ! i wudnt go anywhere else , this shop is the one u leave ur car and u know 100 % when you get it back they have exceeded ur expectations . good work guys , thank mike for pimpin out my ride . u guys should have ur own tv show", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing but awesome customer service ! mike is the man ! check them out & they 'll hook you and your car up right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are a high end shop that has reasonable prices . i have used him several time and the work is great . i have referred several people to them and they also have been satisfied . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike and the rest of the guys at exclusive customs did an amazing job on my tint . i 've had cars tinted at nice spots and have always had at least one or two bubbles . not one bubble on any window . worth every dollar . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can tell you right off the jump that you will not find anyone as dependable as mike ... you can tell he is extremely experienced immediately with his knowledge base when asking questions ... you will easily see right when you pull up the type of vehicles they work on ... for people that have that luxurious of cars to trust him with their work , that says a lot ... one thing i really love about mike is that he is a perfectionist ... if he sees the most miniscule issue that the naked eye could not see , he will fix it ... i ca n't tell you the appreciation i have for that ... i have a brand new lexus that received some damage and there is no way you could ever know there was ever an issue with it ... it looks better than when i bought it ... not to mention that his prices are extremely fair ... i wo n't ever let anyone but mike even go near my car when it needs anything done ... i highly recommend exclusive customs ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exclusive customs is the best custom paint shop in las vegas . very good service & excellent work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job and excellent service ... i would def recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing paint job on my acura ! this place is the real deal . i would n't think about going anywhere else . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my car done at exclusive customs twice . the first time i took it in was because my car was keyed . i needed the entire car painted , they did an amazing job on the paint job and they were able to help me with my deductible because i was going through some financial troubles . the second time someone crashed into me and it needed some body work done , they were able to do in a short period of time and it looked like it had never been in an accident . great customer service and great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i 'm in toronto , i 've got to have an iced capp . good thing there is always a tim hortons nearby . we were in the area and stopped by to grab my favorite drink . this location is clean , plenty of seating is available inside . service was quick and friendly . found street parking and were in and out in no time . i will always love their iced capp , a super cool treat on a hot day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very happy over this location , but its the only decent coffee shop in the neighbourhood , this location only gets a positive nod for me because of how clean it is . the service is lackluster , the staff are either extremely rude , or new . to top it all off the clientele of the area are not really the best to be around , often times found myself gagging in line from the uncleanliness of people that have come to this location . be sure to be bothered by people when you walk in and walk out for some `` change '' or something else . not a fan at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "parkdale is going through an invasion of coffee shops and a new one seems to pop up every now and then . in this gentrification wave , i was quite surprised to see a tim hortons appear on the scene a couple of years ago . they occupy one of the busiest and awkward intersections in the city - lansdowne jameson on queen street west . i stopped drinking their coffee long back but i still liked their muffins . however ever since they started flash freezing their muffins and using jam instead of fruit in their fruit-explosion muffin , i stopped that too . the only saving grace is that this place has free wi fi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes , it 's a place serving coffee and doughnuts . it 's mostly clean and always busy and hosts the traditional eclectic parkdale clientele . in a pinch , it gets the job done , what else can you expect ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for the most part this was a very clean tim hortons even thought there was a funky smell there . the neighbourhood is n't the greatest so the people you see here after 10pm are n't the your regular hipsters from the area . most of the people looked like they were miserable and that they were down on their luck . saying all of this the coffee was up to the standards of tim hortons and i enjoyed my time there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "regardless of the area , this tim hortons is the most efficient one i 've been too . i go there everyday before class and it is always quick and even if you have to wait more than a few minutes they offer you free things ! ! i think i waited in total probably 5-7 minutes but still . they are always so nice as well . give your bathrooms some more tlc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "racist racist racist . i came on a wednesday for pizza for the first time and the cook decided that it was okay to to start spewing racial slurs and making references thinking i would n't hear him . gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "think of average pizza . now add a little more cheese and a lot more grease . welcome to milanos . ( admittedly , the tastes are pretty good , but unless you 're in college , prepare for a post-meal stomach ache . if you are in college , maybe knock this rating up to 4 stars . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza in oakland , and my favorite pizza in the entire city for that matter . milano 's sells really delicious new york-style pizza , by the slice or by the whole pie . the sauce and the cheese are both really good , and the crust is usually pretty tasty too . my favorite pizza here is probably the primavera , but all the different pizzas are good . i am originally from upstate new york , in a city with a pretty large italian population . this pizza is what i eat when i miss my local pizza place from home . i 'm only giving milano 's four stars because of its frequent crowdedness , which makes it difficult to go there and come back in the hour allotted to me for lunch , and because they only have pepsi and not coke . pepsi is an inferior beverage . ( actually , i decided to relent and give it five stars anyway . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't believe this place only had a 3 star average . i go here once a week , and i really think this is among the best pizza places in pittsburgh . and others clearly feel the same since there 's usually a line around the corner on weekdays between 12 and 1 ! this place is a gem , and the people who work there are as nice as they come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have great pizza , hoagies and meals . they have excellent service and great staff . the owner is always there and gets to know the regulars . they are also competitively priced and have less of specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here . hands down my favorite pizza place in oakland . there sandwiches are also really good . the prices are right around what you expect in the area . only downside , place can get crazy busy during lunch time and creates a delay getting your food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dont get all the good reviews . must be drunk college kids . the cheese on the pizza was super greesy and kept sliding off , and the hoagies were soggy . my girlfriend said she would give it 0 stars if she could . had a groupon and still wasnt worth it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst servece . i will never go back to this place . rude and arrogant . no word for appology .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disappointing ... . sauce tasted terrible , almost too salty . will not return ... there are farrrrr better pizza makers in this city ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jus got done with one of thee best steak hogies i have had east of the mississippi in a very long time . totally fricken skirumptous ! ! and the plain breaded wings were fried to perfection ! ! ! great job patrick ! ! ! peace - taz from tn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pizza , great staff , dropped by on a monday at the shadyside plaza location and had a great time meeting the staff . would recommend if you need a great joint for a pie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting pizza from here for many , many years . my office at pitt has been a long supporter of milano 's by purchasing 100s of pizzas for student events for some time . i went in with two colleagues on this occasion and a groupon towards our order . we had the hawaiian pizza , pepperoni roll , an order of bread sticks , and drinks all for $ 27 ( $ 2 cash with the $ 25 groupon ) . it was very busy with many folks buying slices for take out but we got our large order in less than 15 minutes . the pizza was absolutely delicious . actually , everything was delicious . milano 's is a fantastic college campus pizza place that is frequented also by the many people who work in oakland . there is not a lot of seating but there is a spot in the back that would likely fit a group of 10 . so come in to eat or grab takeout , this is a solid pizza place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good pizza , the best in oakland area . not sure why other people rated it low , but its delicious . try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do pizza by the slice here ! i 've tried their pepperoni pizza , white pizza and cheese pizza and it 's all good pizza for a good price . the location is a small restaurant with enough seating for a good number of people , but i usually have it delivered . if you 're just looking for good pizza , then try this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza came way late , which seems to happen every time i 've ever ordered from them - this time , it took 2+ hours for delivery . seems to be a recurring theme each time i order from these guys . pizza is quite good , but terrible service and delivery times .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an hour and 15 minutes for a pizza when ordered at 6pm on a wednesday ? ? ? really ? ? ? they 're lucky the pizza is pretty good and cheap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love original milano 's pizza ! it is the closest pizza to a nyc pizza that i could find in pittsburgh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza was pretty good . not the best i 've ever had but i would n't expect much else from an oakland pizza place . i would still go back . they did have some student special that i think was $ 8 for a large one topping pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over an hour and a half for a pizza and salad to be delivered on a monday night and then to have the delivery guy never show up . requested a refund and thankfully the eatstreet app has amazing customer service , unlike these bums . ordered at 640 , finally decided enough was enough and cancelled at 820 . i love supporting local businesses versus chains but for the love of god pizza hut has a 30 minute order to door wait time right now ! no pens games , no apologies , just `` he 's on his way '' . it 's my own fault for being lazy and ordering pizza and expecting a restaurant to provide decent food within the provided timeframe . i mean , the delivery guy did have to drive all the way to children 's hospital from the hill district . that 's a tough one and a half mile stretch of road . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i need to update my review because these guys are that awesome ! i ordered a pizza online to be delivered , with instructions to call my cell phone because my building does n't have an intercom . time goes by , and i do n't sweat it because the last time i ordered the poor delivery guy got stuck in traffic caused by the pitt basketball game and i live close by to that . little did i know that my pizza was just feet outside , but my phone died ! i had no idea the delivery guy was trying to call me and that he waited out there patiently for more than half an hour ! i felt so bad ... and when i finally realized he was here , he was so kind and understanding ... and so was the guy i talked to at the pizza place over the phone when i called to apologize . these guys are top notch , and good service like this makes me stay as a customer . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered my pizza at 6:32 pm on a tuesday night . i understand that traffic in pittsburgh can suck , but it is 8:25pm . my driver literally just pulled up . 2 hours for cold pizza . at least he was nice and appologetic . i ca n't comment on the taste because it is in the oven now , unfortunately .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great pizza , which tastes even better after a beer or two . the new location on centre ave is a perfect stop for when you need a quick bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job altering my boyfriend 's new slacks and at an affordable price with friendly service . their pricing is pretty good all around and the turnaround is quick . it 's nice that they 're open early so we can drop things off en route to work . the only con is that they 're closed on sunday ( when we typically are doing most of our errands around town ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with their service . jennifer is very friendly . i took several dress shirts and pants for various reasons ... stains , missing buttons , stitching . everything was done well . i will be bringing them a lot more pants to hem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . just moved to east valley . nice service and prices . happy with first visit will be back friendly staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very accommodating . i like to wash my shirts and bring them into have them pressed by hand and they charge the same amount even though it 's much more work for them . $ 2.25 a shirt to hand press them . jen is a rock star ! the reason i wash my own shirts is otherwise they have a machine does the press . and it seems to easily break my second to the top button . not every time but once is enough when you 're planning on wearing the shirt that night , only to find that you ca n't because of a broken button . i also am not a very sweaty smelly kind of guy and my clothes are pretty clean so i only need a light wash and it seems like my shirts last longer if i do them myself . less wear and tear if i wash them at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found the best dry cleaners in my own backyard . these guys are great . convenient night drop box , always great customer service . jen even laughs at my bad jokes . no mistakes , no burn marks , shirts always clean or and the stains i put in and they almost always get them out . had them take in a shirt for me recently . professionally done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this mom and pop cleaners is the best in the chandler- gilbert area , great service and super friendly owners . took some alterations in and they did a rush job for me and bent over backwards to get them back asap . cheaper than most dry cleaning places and they do an exceptional job . we love to support local folks and ones that really care about customers and customer service . thanks again to the great folks at island cleaners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service , rock solid turnaround . we have been coming here for over 10 years . what i like most is they are locally owned , your garments are cleaned right here vs. being trucked off to some big shop , and the owners are hands on , running their business . they are friendly and do excellent work . support your local small business owners - keep your hard-earned money working in our neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we started using island cleaners when we moved to chandler in january of this year and i am very pleased with them . usually if i take his shirts before or around 10 am they are ready the next day by 5 pm ! since i am a stay at home mom i usually always have my 1.5 year old with me , so they 're drive up window is very helpful for me ! they also have a 24 hour drop box for you to drop stuff into if it 's before or after they closed . they are also open until 7 , which is very convenient . after about two weeks of regularly going one of the ladies started to recognize my car and would have our stuff when she came out to greet me . all the employees seem to be very friendly . i have had no ideas with them at all ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! i got my suit cleaned and dropped off a couple shirts to get altered for my company christmas party . they went out of their way to make sure i was able to pick my suit and shirts up after hours so i would have them for my christmas party . true hospitality and customer service you 'll find only in an independently owned business . will definitely return and recommend them to anyone looking for good cleaners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great store , great service , great people located right on the north east corner tucked in the back right next to skip in jan 's bar first time in and i 'm going to be a customer for life", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this dry cleaner ! ! ! they are quick and do a very good job ! i am pretty specific and have clothes that are very delicate and they always do an amazing job ! they also do alterations , i had a delicate fabric that frayed and they repaired it and it looks great ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best ski shop i have ever been in ! i have 3 kids and every year we come in and he patiently fits and refits boots and skis . he never tries to sell us anything we do n't absolutely need and we have always been completely satisfied with what we have purchased or handed down . they are very honest and great at their jobs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great local small business . i purchase all my snowboard gear here every few years . they have always been more than accommodating and helpful . chris the owner remembers my name when i come through the door and always has a great offseason story to tell . i send all my friends and clients here that need gear !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "limited inventory and lackadaisical customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fiore was so much fun.. we had not vacationed in a while and the staff was so accommodating they gave us a free vacation and airfare with our lifetime membership they are about to take our dream vacation .. highly recommend fiore", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was invited over the phone to come and listen to what was the travel plan about , i did n't wan na go , but after few days i decided to attend presentation because i needed plane tickets to go to new york . program is great , lots of people were there , bar is amazing so if you just wan na get drunk and have fun , go for it , it 's worth the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was initially skeptical that this was another time share deal . i thought i was going to walk out but i gave them the benefit of the doubt . man i was surprised . i am now a fiore private membership client . i will now save over 50k in travel expenses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into this place a lil skeptical . the agent that was assigned to me ( forgot her name ) was great and very clear about the company ( which put me at ease ) everyone that worked there were so friendly and made us feel very comfortable . we bought into the vacation package and we 're very happy with our decision . they made our dream vacation a reality . ca n't wait to enjoy the perks of fiore travel . thank you guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time at fiori lounge ! the bartenders are sexy and the drinks are strong ! great music and great fun ! i will definitely go back to fiori lounge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rib palace is n't like any palace i 've ever seen , or even imagined . it 's more like a shack . and the ribs are n't really ribs - more like rib tips . rather than being cut lengthwise , so you get ribs you can actually use for holding your portions , you get these oddly-cut shapes of bone sticking out at every angle . on the good side , the portions are huge . and the food is n't exactly bad . the staff is helpful , if not particularly familiar with what you might get , what they have or even able to tell you what they have available at any moment ( took them a while to tell us that we could n't get what we had ordered ) . the palace is also a bit barren after lunch hours - that is to say , it might be busy at lunch , but it 's definitely empty at dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good bbq - sloppy but who gives a damn . its friggin bbq . all you naysayers , shut it . this is a great place to eat when you want good southern food . quick too . i did n't get the ribs yet so i ca n't comment there but i will be back . why ? because you definitely get what you pay for and not less . you can eat lunch for less than $ 10 . hells yes . now if you are one of those nc bbq snobs that just has to have it one of the three different nc regional methods of cooking , then you 're not going to be happy if you want that drippin lexington stuff they call bbq . this is simple smoked bbq with a decent sauce on the sandwich . i hope you like it ; if not you know where i-85 north is . see ya after lunchbreak .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like lots of crappy bbq ... my sister and i ordered one meal to share . we could n't finish it . was it too big or just too nasty ? maybe a little of both .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped in there for lunch after driving around and noticing the sign..it 's very easy to miss , a small place with a catering van outside . i had the smallest rib plate -- about 7 bones , which was plenty for me . it came with two sides ( i got the green beans and the mac n ' cheese , which were fine ) and a couple slices of white bread . the ribs were pretty good ; not over-cooked . there was a spicy sauce over them , but i could still taste the pork . the menu also included medium and large rib plates , a rib & links combo , burgers . a surprise was the list of discounts : tuesdays students ; other days for law-enforcement , the self-employed , healthcare workers ... ( if i remember correctly ) . anyone who likes ribs should definitely check them out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're in the mood for some down home bbq , this is the place to check out . they have everything from ribs to hot dogs , so something for the whole family . it 's a fun place to come and enjoy some good food with your friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what can i say you win some you lose some . this was a hit or miss was dissapointed . trsut me i have had better ! ! i do admit they serve you a good amount but of so ~so food . the mac and cheese looked like kraft macaroni just backed bahhahhahhahhaha ! ! ! i asked for green beans and got b aked beans whihc were good actually . i was shocked at the fact that thye offered every discount under the table but not a military discount which i was disspointed becasue it shows thye dont know their surrounding neighbors . i ordered the brisket it as good dont get me wrong but the sauce thye poured over it was awful . it was a bright red pinkish sauce not a bbq sauce i havever had it was like maple syrup it was awful . the staff was great and helpful but all in all i will not be gonig back to this place the mc rib down the street was better than this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is borderline but not quite white-trash and seems to be frequented mostly by townies . however it is still one of the more charming places i have been to to enjoy some kool-aid-esque wine with some friends in an atmosphere that could not be more casual . you can bring your own food here or you can try out the food that they offer - such as a cheese , bread , cracker and sausage tray ( perfect with wine ) . i found the bartender ( who i believe was john christ himself ) to be an adorable older man as he declared that my can of pop would be `` 100 cents '' , but i soon changed my mind on that when i saw him expose man boobs by removing articles of clothing while dancing to `` i 'm too sexy '' with a presumable fellow townie . that was a little off-putting , however , i still left this place feeling that it was hilariously charming , and would n't mind returning on a warmer evening where we could sit outside , away from the strip show .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we walked in to do some wine tasting and the guy handed us these plastic cups and asked what we wanted . he was very unfriendly and acted as though we were interrupting his day . when i said i 'll try the three reds thy had and go down the list , he did n't even know what they had . will not return here or recommend it to anyone", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was our first visit last saturday . it was very disappointing . the wine tasted like bad sour grape juice . the wine in the store was also priced $ 4 cheaper for the same bottle we bought from the bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't expect ohio wines to be the best in the world . our climate and soil will never produce a niagara ice wine or anything to compare to napa . but the wine and service at john christ is really lacking . the port is good , dark with hints of currant . most of the `` red '' wines ( all more rose than anything ) tasted more like super sweet grape juice . the prices were acceptable for locally produced wine , but i was n't particularly happy with $ 9- $ 15 for some mediocre bottles . the service was the most off putting of it all , though . the man at the register seemed completely put out when i and three friends asked to sample some wine . when i asked what their specialty was , he rather gruffly told me they did n't have one . the man did not warm up until we had picked out some bottles to purchase , and even then , he went back to watching television before we had exited the shop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am surprised this place does n't have better reviews . i love this place . it is perfect for a ladies night or a date . they have live music on the outdoor patio on many weekends . the patio is covered in white string lights year round . the wine is phenomenal . my fav is blackberry . bottles are about $ 14 . you can wander around with one outside or play board games inside . you can also buy bottles and take them home . this place makes for a classy , low key evening . so stop drinking mass produced grocery store wine and step up your game . you will be glad you tried john christ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had way better wine ... the other reviewers on here are absolutely right that it 's just glorified grape juice . grape juice gone bad to put it right . also a lot of the reds , have stuff that floats in it . they say that it 's sulfates . i 've visited other wineries and have n't had this crap floating in my wine ever . it 's pretty gross actually . just goes to show how cheap it is ! used to be the place to be when we lived in cleveland but not anymore from what i 've heard since we 've moved . do n't miss this place anywhere near ( if at all ) as much as i thought we would !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so , the wine is n't top notch and is boderline watered down jam . however , you need an attitude adjustment if you can go to john christ winery and not fall in love with it . bring in your own food , or order snacks from their menu ; it does n't matter to management . wine costs in the lower teens . discovering this place may be the best thing that i got out of my last relationship .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you look at the reviews in date order it 's obvious the person who knew anything or took care of everything has left . there are no knowledgeable people here . the place is dirty for one and the young female bartender did not smile , never not once . she did n't welcome us nor thank us . we had to ask to be served , every question i had to ask , there was no offering of information . and we were the only people in the tasting room on a saturday afternoon . wine was so-so , it was palatable but not by much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tear this place down and start all over ! rude staff management , poor business model and horrible wine . no thank you- never ever going back . ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looking for something to do on a thursday night and decided to come to this winery . usually i am looking for a calm and relaxing place . i ended up trying their peach wine which was very yummy . the bartender was helpful in explaining about their wine selection . they had an inside and outside place . the outside did n't have any nice scenery like some other wineries i have been to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and always have a good experience . it 's always been to see live music ( ally & company ) . i like their wine and that you can bring a snack in if you want to eat while you have their wine . comfortable and fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second time visiting this winery . great spot ! we got here early this time ; too early for a glass or two but we did a tasting . great selection . if you like sweet wines the peach is a must ! winery has a large open room with a nice selection of board games . it 's a fun time just to sit around , play a game and enjoy some good wine . i love the board they have listing all of the specialty drinks they make from their wines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went with friends this past saturday night and i had the hangover the next day to prove it ! the wine is delicious and so inexpensive ! i think i had 6 ... or maybe 7 glasses . they had live music and the tables were packed for a chilly saturday night . we did n't get any food ( hence why i ended up so drunk ) but i 'm sure we will the next time we go . i loved each glass i had but my favorite was probably the special blend . it went down a little too easily -- yum ! we will certainly return and i look forward to seeing them at local wine festivals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wine , atmosphere and prices are good . thursday are lady nights so it 's the perfect place to hang out with some girlfriends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything i could say about this place has already been said ... and despite all the criticisms , im a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we first had john christ wine at the 2012 avon lake wine festival . once i tasted their peach wine , i was sold . we bought a few bottles before we left that evening and my husband has driven to the winery to buy it for me since then . we keep saying we need to stop in one evening to taste more of their wine and i am hoping to do that once the spring thaw arrives ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the blackberry , special blend and peach wine ! but the blackberry is ahhhh-mazing ! i love the older guy in the shop . he always gives very good recommendations because i am very new to the wine world . he has been slowly easing me into more risqu\u00e9 flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local winery . love the ambiance inside . great spot to meet up with friends for drinks or for a date night . fundraisers have also been held here . recommended winery all around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent employees . wine is varied and ok , nice outside area next to a golf course to enjoy an afternoon . snacks are available & they encourage you to bring your own food . retail store if you find something you like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another local business closing permanently . it was nice when it was around . if your looking for magic cards , board games or new and used video games they have all of that . friendly and knowledgeable hired staff and good local community . good for magic tournaments and prereleases . nice big open space to walk around and play in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a gathering of fantastic gamers , pranksters and like minded awesome nerdy people . i heart the game planet , the fun culture that was created there , not only friendships built ! i 've got a great set of awesome cards to build decks with ... and great board games ! ! even though its closing ... with heavy heart ! that being said , i look forward to further adventures with the friends ive made . even moar importantly.. the friends to adventure with ! thank you game planet . thank you john and all the wonderful folks that made all these adventures possible ! i cant even count the smiles i had there . i 've shared countless of them . = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of my favorite spots to go to here in vegas ! as soon as you enter , it has this really chilled out vibe and all the employees will stop anything they 're doing to help you.. and even teach you the board card games they have up for sale ! everybody from the owner to the employees are down to earth and honest folks . the owner is also willing to make trades for store credit which is pretty awesome ! so for all you gamers out there , what are you waiting for ? ! come by and check this spot out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to find all the tcg games there 's yugioh , weiss schwarz , pokemon , magic and a new game called luck and logic . they also have board games . game planet has a huge space and table space to play games and hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ashley fozzi at entebella has been doing treatments on my face for about three years now . i 'm turning 70 this year and thanks to ashley i am told i barely look 60 . all of her recommendations have been perfect for me . she introduced me to the skin ceuticals products which are the best i 've ever used . great combo love my skin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time going in to get a facial , the office is very clean and nice . the front desk lady was helpful and friendly with the paperwork . ashley was the aesthetician who did my facial and she 's amazing my face is so smooth i ca n't stop touching it . you can tell she likes her job so that 's a plus i will definitely be going back to her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw brett for hormonal issues involving pcos , weight and acne . with his help , my quality of life has improved dramatically . he did n't just put me on medication and walk me out as most doctors do , he explained the medications in great detail and seemed to truly care about the well being of his patients . when i came to him , i was overweight , lethargic and struggled with embarrassing acne . i have lost over 20 lbs , am full of energy every day and have been able to stop wearing makeup all together . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not rave enough about entebella med spa ! from the moment i walked in , i was graciously greeted and welcomed , felt immediately relaxed and the services , oh my goodness ! i have had several facials and micro-needling performed by angela , who is one of the most knowledgeable and competent estheticians that i have had the pleasure to get to know . i have been going to entebella for a few months now and can honestly say that my skin has never looked better . angela never pushes products that are not needed and is honest about the timing of when i can come back for repeat `` upkeep '' as well as what i can expect as far as results are concerned . i would definitely recommend entebella to any and all of my friends - prices are very reasonable , the quality of work is outstanding and the staff is absolutely amazing ! thank you entebella for making me as beautiful on the outside as i feel on the inside !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this spa , especially laurel , the aesthetition that has been doing my facials for over a year . she is extremely knowledgeable , professional , and talented . the results are amazing , many compliments on my over 50 yr old skin . people think i am in late 30s to early 40s ! i would n't think of going anywhere else ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "senior 's is what every barbershop should model itself after ! my son and i were greeted with a smile as soon as we walked in the door . the shop is very clean , it took me back to when i was a kid ... except the had flatscreen tv 's and not the big tube tv , and ever screen had sports showing on it , not some music video with half naked women . their chairs were the old school ones , big and comfortable ! the big seller for me , was i did n't hear one cuss word the entire time i was there . i have a 9 year old boy , and it 's very important to me that he grows up a man , i know he hears that mess in school , but if i can help minimize the amount of negativity that he absorbs in a daily bases , that 's what i 'll do , and that includes finding a barbershop with a positive feel like senior 's . thank you yolanda for having such an exceptional shop , it is truly appreciated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my third time there and third time i fell for their trick . me : `` how long is the wait ? '' them : `` about 20 minutes '' end up waiting nearly an hour each time . unfortunately , each time i 've been there my hair needed to be cut and could n't get to another shop in time . the hair cut was good . i can get that other places that are more courteous of my time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just moved from california to arizona 7 months ago and it 's been difficult to find a good barbershop ( especially one that the barbers actually listen to what you want ) until my curiosity brought me to senior 's barbershop . i 've been getting my haircut there every thursday with mariana and shes really good with skin mid fades ( i literallly walk out there with my head feeling like a baby 's bottom ) derek , yolanda and mariana are all very good barbers , they take credit and cash , and always have the latest news on . check out this place , you 'll love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a fan of haircut chains because of the turnover and lack of consistency . i stopped in today to try out senior 's and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of my haircut . yolanda did a great job ! i 'll be back to see her .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing amazing staff . enjoy every one that works there . my go to shop for over a year ! thanks and congrats ! your # 1 customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff i come here every week i have to drive 45 minutes really worth it thank you yolanda you 're the best barber !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most amazing , professional , personable and down right cool barbers ! ! ! best fades given in the great state of arizona ! ! owner yolanda did it right with the shop layout , prices and unique yet talented staff ! ! ! being law enforcement , i need a haircut every 10 days . sr 's barbershop is always available to keep a hood man looking supa fly and down right sexy ! ! ! ! i 've been to hundreds of barbers throughout the united states and sr 's is the best ! ! ! i 'd even pay $ 50 for a cut ! ! ! check them out ! you wo n't be let down ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old fashion barber shop style with the old fashion chairs . plenty of flat screen tvs to watch and usually espn playing which is my choice ! derek cuts my hair to perfection each time . not too long of a wait and he always remembers the clipper number i use . also , i get the strait blade shave on my neck instead of electric shaver which my wife likes ! once you get a haircut here you wo n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend always gets his hair cut here , coming home looking great ! whatever she uses in his hair smells so amazing , i love it ! i 've been in here once with him to get his haircut and it 's very clean inside and the decor is really nice . this is an easy 5 star . and there 's discounts for active military and law enforcement .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , quality haircut have visited this shop three times . usually two to three barbers and the two ladies have taken care of me on my visits . both do a good job to your direction . nice little place , usually get a chair right away , quality cut , and prices are very fair . ca n't beat that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything you could ever look for in a barber shop is here at senior 's . the customer service is top-notch , it 's always impeccably clean , parking is never a problem , and the talent of the barbers is unparalleled . the staff are all very professional and friendly ! every barber does an amazing job and really takes the time to perfect every detail . clients range from all ages including kids . derek cuts my nephew 's hair and people are always commenting at how awesome his hair looks . for how new and nice this shop is , you 'd think it would be really pricey for cuts but they are actually really reasonable and worth every penny ! two thumbs up ... !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read great reviews on this barber shop and they are all true . i had mark give me a great haircut . he took his time and shaved the neck and sideburns . a little bit more then great clips or super cuts but still quite reasonable . and they do a much better job . excellent", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff that 's is friendly and great haircut . been coming here for over a year and would n't think about going anywhere else . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team does great work and very versatile , from the latest trends to the old fashioned barber style haircuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop is clean and the staff is friendly . it takes a minute for me to trust or warm up to people . usually i walk into a shop get a haircut and pretend that my barber is interesting then i run out haha . but i just met yolanda . yolanda is very friendly . not just the kissing your butt and give me a bigger tip friendly . she is genuinely a nice , happy , and real chic . she told me which side is my selfy side and that my last barber messed me up . then she gave me the best haircut i 've had in a while . i 'm from cali out here for a little work . you guys are lucky . when i come back . i 'm getting my hair did by yolanda this place will blow up soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! love the staff , they 're great people , very professional ! the place looks really good , high quality , very clean ! not to mention the prices , very reasonable , affordable ! even though it 's a barber shop ( for guys , right ! ) yolanda trimmed my hair , & i loved , loved it ! she 's been my husbands barber for almost a year , we live kinda far from the shop , but we do n't care , & we refuse to go anywhere else ! highly recommendable ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my haircut here for a very long time and i never got a haircut i was not happy with . the wait is n't too long and the barbers are awesome ! they all know what they are doing , and they are very professional . way better than barry 's barbershop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great neighborhood place . both my guys are regulars here and they leave happy every time . over the last year or so i think they 've sat down for nearly everyone and it 's never disappointing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of senior 's it has a chill environment where i can relax until it 's my turn to get a hair cut ( even though the wait is not long at all ) everyone in the shop is real cool and professional . also i love the way diana cuts my hair ! she 's great , she always cuts my hair right , also she has a great attitude and makes me feel at home when i 'm in her chair . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for over a year , starting when i lived in goodyear . i now live in scottsdale , but still drive in for the amazing haircut . i usually go to yolanda , but any of the barbers do a great job , especially the girls ! i 'm back every 10 days", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got here at 7p.m and she cut both my husband 's and my son 's hair . great customer service . great haircuts . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best precision haircut around ... beautiful ... awesome ... accommodating courteous staff ... reasonably priced", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got off late from work yesterday , and looked up barbershops on yelp . luckily seniors barber shop were still open , after reading acouple reviews on yolanda . i decided to try it out . for me getting a cut at a new spot is a big deal , i 'm picky about about my hair . cause when i go to other shops , barbers always say your hair is hard to cut . but when i got there yolanda already knew the cut i needed before i described it to her . she 's an excellent barber , she done a great job on my hair and the shop is clean and professional , i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come in every two weeks and they take excellent care of me . very professional , clean and kid friendly . my hair can be difficult to cut but they do it with ease . check them out , you 'll love it , i have for over 2 years ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot . clean with sports on tv . friendly and make sure they do it right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband comes here to get his haircut and its always pleasant ... .yolanda is very welcoming and diana cuts my husbands hair like so good ! ! ! the other guys noel and jesus and arturo are always busy and very hardworking..every one is pleasant i will continue coming here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just transferred and one of the small headaches i thought i would have is finding a good barber . i knew id have a tough time having to drive out a bit but thats my fault for living up in the mountains . surprisingly a short drive out i found senior 's and had the pleasure of getting my cut with yolanda . very personable and we had a cool conversation all while she gave me a flawless fade . for those military haircut seekers , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough about how awesome this place is . they really know what they are doing and take their time on each customer . it 's not a rush you out sort of place . super affordable and excellent quality . i 'm definitely bringing more people with me next time . this is how a barber shop should be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible haircut , went in and told them what i wanted , had a kid straight from barber school and messed up my haircut , went back the next day and said to fix it i would have to pay $ 17 again bad business manager has an attitude , worst part is i have been going to this place for 4 years do not go to this barber shop ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best little neighborhood barber shop ! yolanda has a great staff and all ages are welcome . this is a family business and that 's how they treat there clients . no matter who you get it 's a great result . my family and all friends i send there love it . i highly recommend you send someone you love for a shave and haircut : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yolanda keeps me looking fresh . the best barber in town . come and check it out . everyone is awesome ! the shop is always clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better than most barbershops ! i recommend it to everyone nice environment and friendly , my boi took his time to make it perfect and i appreciate that", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with the level of professionalism . shop is always very clean and the the barbers take there time and treat every customer with respect . i will always be a customer ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my haircut at seniors and love it ! they are extremely friendly and professional ! they will be cutting my hair from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time there and perfect each time . nice & clean barber shop , very courteous & professional with espn on the t.v. 's . mar\u00eda has done an excellent job with my hair and highly recommend her . will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too long of a wait , i like that they have you sign in , this way nobody gets skipped over accidentally . my first time here and i will be back . yolanda gave me a nice cut and was friendly . it 's clean and they have good hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "local and very friendly ! i 'll take quality over quantity any day , as long as i have hair on my head i 'll be going to seniors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an awesome first time experience at this barber shop . the lady who sits all the way to the back on the right side did a great job cutting my hair . i will definitely be back again doon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming here to get faded up . the barbers here are great and professional yolanda , derek , mariana and joel are great and on point . it does n't matter who you sit with they 're all good . plus the vibe there is good and prices are well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best haircut i 've had in a long time . i have one of those asian super straight hair , and i tried other places to get a decent hairstyle cut but they always messed it up . however , since this place got a good rating , i gave it a try and i think they deserves it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting my haircut at seniors for over two years since moving back to the west side . yolonda and her team are exceptionally talented barbers . i have recommended this establishment to friends that were very satisfied . congratulations to yolonda for recently taking over as the owner ! ! ! pete", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yolanda great service thank u very polite attentive everyone there makes u feel at home .. will keep going back when in town keep on trkn..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good clean shop . staff is nice and friendly . all the barbers know what there doing . never had any bad haircuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere ! owner is always pleasant & maria gives one of the best cuts in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality haircuts by any barber . very versatile with cuts anything from classic to modern . friendly inviting atmosphere and wonderful service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maria is the best barber at the shop she always makes sure my hair looks just how i want it if your around this area and are looking to get a hair cutt i strongly recomend you stop by and ask for her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my little guy ( 16 months old ) in for a haircut . we had daisy and she was fantastic ! she kept my son still while giving him a flawless cut ! i love it and we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for a while now , and i 've never been disappointed . always clean , neat , professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent barbershop ! ! ! i would have to say i made my first visit and these barbers know how to cut hair . if there is a wait , it 's worth it . very friendly and it is very easy to see these barbers care about their customers and you . i 'm leaving my regular shop for this one . i 'm so glad to have found this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they give decent haircuts but there is always a long wait and it 's mainly due to them taking a very long time on each haircut . the price is high as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was new to the area and in need of a barber that could hook up a nice fade . i finally found senior 's and i could n't be more satisfied . every other place i had tried before do n't even compare . i get a perfect haircut every time at senior 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cuts in the west valley bar none . yolanda has been cutting my hair for a year now and always does a perfect cut . it 's hard to find a barber that you trust and this shop has 3 i would use anytime . worth the wait , i sometimes show up 30 minutes before they open on saturday just to be the first in . i 've tried 5-6 other local shops to goodyear , avondale , etc and they do n't even come close , and some even charge more for less of a cut and less attention to your hair . this is the only spot i recommend to my friends and yelpers . it just does n't get any better around here , give them a shot if your nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very particular about my haircuts and not only that very particular about the barber shop and barbers . i went through three bad experiences with my haircut before i came across seniors and i am glad i found it ! ! your haircut is just as much about the environment vibe than it is about the actual haircut and they nail both ! ! the shop is well put together , very clean and organized ! with that all the barbers are extremely down to earth , very personable , and they all know how to give great haircuts ! ! i have the privilege of getting my hair did by yolanda and she always takes her time and does a great job but all the barbers there do ! ! we all know prices are key and they have great prices and give military discounts along with law enforcement ! ! ! i would recommend seniors barber shop to anybody and everybody ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a sad and pathetic excuse for a coffee kiosk . what kind of coffee bar does n't carry whole milk ? i know a lot of people do n't drink whole milk , but what about those of us that like a creamy , thick iced latte ? two percent just does n't cut it for me . not to mention the espresso tasted burnt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never heard of caribou coffee , so on my last day in cleve me and my co-workers tried this place . the workers seemed very helpful , the drinks were made quick ( i had their coffee ) i would say that it had a nice clean finish . it would have been 5 stars but the whole lay out reminded me of starbucks a lot . ( counter , front concessions , machines etc etc )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the things i miss about cleveland is the smaller , non corporatized places like this . yea , caribou is a chain and they have a few hundred shops . but , they 're fully eco-groovy and have a nice little story about how the puckett 's began the concept . this is the only location i have been to , but the ladies behind the counter were super friendly and i heard them say to more than one person 'the usual ? ' which means they pay attention . you can go to the evil empire 4 times a day and you 're lucky if they remember you at all . i 'm not a coffee drinker , so ca n't speak for the java , but the baked goods are yum , the teas come in excellent little home-made looking bags and there are a lot of rain forest type candies to entice you as you pay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always been a big fan of caribou ... their iced coffee is awesome so no complaints here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "before i moved away from cleveland , i used to think caribou coffee had their lids custom-made to ensure that a little bit of whatever you 're drinking dribbles onto your shirt . the coffee is neither good nor bad . you get your caffeine , but not exciting flavor . their origin myth seems kind of contrived . maybe it 's true , but it sounds like something an ad agency would come up with if it was n't trying very hard .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love my apartment ! ! ! i moved into the upstairs 2 bed 2 bath and they are darling . lots of windows ! pool is great and huge , gym could be a little upgraded but nonetheless nice enough . emily helped me with my apartment , so pleasant and polite . pretty happy with maintenance as well my only complaint is every now and again i will see dog poop around that inconsiderate neighbors do not pick up ! but other than that i am satisfied with my place and will highly recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went apartment shopping and although their rents were a little out of our desired budget , i must say after a bunch of bad leasing agent encounters it was utmost refreshing to be greeted with a staff full of smiles . everyone in the office was just so warm , we felt very comfortable . we were taken on a thorough tour , the floor plans were spacious and the grounds seemed very well taken care of and the info given esp . with move in costs , fees was very clear . should things change in the future as far as finance we will definitely revisit st. clair . make sure you ask for amelia ( but she said call her emily ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far , the best apartment complex i 've ever lived in . i loved it there . if i ever decide to settle down and stop bouncing around the country like some kind of crazy gypsy , i 'd go back in a heartbeat . i still consider this place to be home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the loft like layouts and the amount of light my unit had was why i moved there . unlike any other place i 've seen in vegas st. clairs would be the only place in nv i would call home again . the pool and gym were all top notch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called so many apartment offices for rates & no one really cared to help me . when i called st. claire , i spoke to emily hy ! she was the best ever ! great customer service ! she really took her time to help me.. she took my number and actually called me back ! ! i was looking for a certain location with good rates and a decent neighborhood ! i love that fact that she took her time in doing that and got out of her way just to give me information on what i was looking for . so i thank you for that emily ! i really wish people workers would be just like you with your customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not want to be anywhere else in the world . great prices , great layouts , great pool , great gym , and great neighbors . if that was n't enough , the girls that work in the front office are soo good to me , very helpful , diligent , thorough , and they also just happen to be bangin ' ! ! ! what i would give for a night with the st. clair twins . i know there can only be 1 `` babe of the year '' but these two tie for first place for 2012 and beyond . they always have fresh baked cookies and two beautiful smiles to help wash them down . they even got jokes ! i have lived in a lot of places , but st. clair is by far the best and most pleasant . if i am lucky , i might get to die here : ) i highly recommend , happy hunting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my wife relocated to vegas in 2015 we took up residence in the st.clair apartments . brett and emily are the management team they were very helpful with our transition to the vegas community . the st.clair property has a resort feel . the management team and the maintenance team of aurelio and eduardo were spot on to keep the property clean and the repairs that needed to be done in a timely fashion . btwn the swimming pool and the work out room we were very excited . we would highly recommend the st.clair property and there professional employees , also the neighbors were also friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "apartments are a tad old , but have great space and are well maintained . emily from the office is top notch and is a tremendous asset to the company and the community .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived at st. clair for two years and have enjoyed it very much . renewing my lease was not a difficult task and emily was upfront about any increases to my rent . the property is neat , clean , and well maintained . brett and emily are great at what they do for the property . if i had any issues in my apartment , they made sure that it was taken care of in a timely manner . also , maintenance was always helpful and fixed all the issues i had . living at st. clair was a great experience knowing that i was being taken care of and treated well . thanks st. clair for two great years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a horrible experience with another company finding st clair was a true miracle and a blessing . emily and bret were absolutely fantastic in our transition moving in . the apartment had fresh carpet and the ceiling fans were new . every time something is in need of repairs or simply a little maintenance the team is very fast to fix it . we love it here ! the pool area makes you feel like you are on vacation and the complex is very quiet . we have lived here for two years hopefully we will stay 2 more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met emily . she knows so much about the surrounding area and the property . she was really patience and answered all my question . it was a great experience to venture out to the sw area and emily was the only person that acknowledged me of the 4 properties i have visited today . a beautiful and well kept property . lc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say about st.clairs apartments , well a whole lot ! i had moved here from out of state , not familiar with the area . i had stumble across st.clairs . brett was my number one seller on the place . he was so sweet and super helpful and just so nice and emily was just as wonderful ! i liked everything about the place except the work out faculty . there was n't much in it . good thing i had a gym membership . i was a st. clairs resident for a very long while . whenever maintenance was needed they would fixed what ever needed fixing , so no complaint in that department . my only complaint was that my room never stayed cool in the summer and never stayed warm in the winter . other then that ... all good . thanks brett and emily for making my stay so pleasant ! hopefully , st clairs will never lose such a great team . gon na miss ya !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing staff and beautifully kept grounds ! ! ! emily has been amazing to work with and any issues we have had are always handled immediately . they even offer spraying for pest control - which was an amazing added bonus . definitely recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here site unseen and loved it . emily was an amazing asset in helping me get everything figured out . i felt very safe as a single female . loved the pool , gym is basic but very nice . the whole staff was always incredibly attentive & helpful ! good location close to shopping & restaurants and easily accessible to the highway which makes getting anywhere in vegas easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for two years i lived at st. clair and am proud to say it was my home . the management team of emily and brent were excellent as well as the service department . any concerns i had were addressed quickly and efficiently . the grounds and landscaping were neat and clean . a great place to call home , i would highly recommend it to live and call home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very hospitable staff . emily was great , not pushy at all . i did n't end up renting at this apartment complex as it was not convenient for me location wise , however , it was definitely an option i considered . i do wish that the apartments were more up to date . all of the walls were white , ugly carpet , and old appliances , but very spacious . to me , aesthetics are pretty important when it comes to renting an apartment , and these apartments fell short in that department .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've really grown to hate applebees ... so why do i go ? well , when i ride with my reps they get to choose lunch . i hate applebees because everything is prepackaged and then warmed up in each store . but , the service is what gave this location a one star . the server came and took our order ( drink & food ) . then about 5 minutes later she came and told us our food was coming , but she had not brought our drinks ... so we asked for our drinks . then food came , but i was missing a requested sauce by both of us . she did n't come back to the table so my rep went to the counter and asked for sauce for both of us . she brought his , not mine and then asked if i wanted sauce . then she asked if we needed more drink ( they were both empty ) and we said yes . no , drinks until we asked again . there are too many options to eat at applebees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i must say , applebee 's has really stepped up their game lately ! i 've been to 2 of their locations in the past few months and have n't been disappointed at all . their hh is awesome and they have re-vamped their menu . the drink menu is also really good . i specifically enjoy the white peach sangria and you ca n't go wrong with a $ 3 20 oz beer on draft . i literally live around the corner from this location and have visited several times ( carside to go included ) . the customer service is quite wonderful ; everyone is very friendly and helpful . the carside to go is super convenient and fast so if you 're in a hurry or do n't want to eat inside , get it to go . the 2 for $ 20 is also a nice option ( but limited ) if you 're wanting to eat out for less . overall , 5 stars to applebee 's and this location especially !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in to order curbside togo , got the soup of the day and a full size salad . the soup was broccoli cheddar , when i received the cup , it was filled a little over halfway , $ 3.29 for literally 1c . size of room temperature thick soup where some of the cheese is not even melted . also another disappointment was there was ok spoon provided in our bag , just forks . not very helpful , and sadly i have no spoons at our house since we are currently in the process of moving . and to top it off , some of the lettuce in the salad i ordered was brown . i recommend skipping this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beer still warm and service slow . food was not hot . you would think they would want to have the coldest beer but as usual , they do n't seem to care . place is always empty and the reputation is going down", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been several times . dining in as well as curb side to go . great service and good food . we always return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten in here 2-3 times and did `` carside to go '' twice . no matter how i 've eaten here - it has always been a solid experience . the carside to go deal is awesome . they see your car pull in and bring it right out . the staff on the phone is friendly when they take your order , the staff in person has always been very accommodating and they do n't do the `` eye roll '' when i ask for a booth . i just moved to this side of the valley from the west side and , let me tell you , if you think anything negative about this applebee 's - try to eat at one on the west side ( yech ) . favorites : the new wedge salad , the pretzels with beer cheese , and the potato twisters . ( i am a real health nut . ) also , if you have n't tried a perfect with extra olives , you 're missing out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you have the munchies and everywhere else is closed this is the hot spot . outside of that i probably would n't come to applebee 's . it 's not bad by any means but it 's not a choice i consider until desperation sets it . the nachos are on point for sure . they are n't as good as the nachos of 2005 but they are still pretty good . the people here are always friendly and the restaurant is always clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i had lunch here for the first time in years . the service was good and so was the food . we enjoyed the new lunch combos . we are looking forward to trying them all . we will definitely be back in the near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for lunch closed all signs are off the building no notice . what happened ? pfft gone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "la palapa . i am sitting in a 3.5 star place , but i just ca n't give them four stars . i ordered a beef quesadilla because i went to clarion , and i know that the clarion beef barn has some of the best beef ever . the quesadilla was packed with meat , a little short on cheese , but came with some salsa . i think it was $ 3.50 . while the quesadilla was good , i do n't have any desire to go back . i think the shortage of good mexican food within pittsburgh makes people over-hype places like this . it 's really just ok. not bad if you work in the area , but i think there are better options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good authentic mexican food . la palapa started at the public market and moved with the public market to this location . the tamales are good with the homemade mole . nice flavor . only one tamale left so decided to have a taco with it . tacos are good too . the menu is limited but some good mexican food at a good price . the server mentioned that la palapa uses clarion foods beef for the beef tacos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everything i try here is great ! seriously ! everything . i suggest the try 3 or the tamales , and if they have watermelon water , you must try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tacos ever ! ! ! my only issue here is deciding what i want.. thursday the market is open late so it 's a great place for a quick dinner . i 've loved everything i had here and the owner is super nice ! the chips are amazing , i ca n't help but get them . i love the tacos in every variety ! the vegetarian potato taco is soo good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the mushroom and beef tacos . the other tacos are great , too . i really enjoy having the convenience provided with this location in the pittsburgh public market . plus who can beat 3 tacos for $ 9.5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tacos in pittsburgh ! i have tried their chicken , barbacoa , pulled pork , corned beef , and they are all so delicious ! my favorite is the potato and poblano pepper filling , which they have added to their permanent menu . a must try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anyone who says phoenix lacks culture has yet to visit symphony hall . symphony hall reflects a sense of arizona culture in the sense that the architecture reminds of frank lloyd wright 's work . the hall is beautiful and very spacious . upon stepping foot through the doors of symphony hall , i immediately get the sense of being in a booming metropolis . the staff is friendly and helpful and they even have a local shop where you can buy different gifts . the acoustics at symphony hall are very nice and i doubt there 's a bad seat in the house . the symphony does an excellent job with their quality and sound level of their music and it compliments the performers on stage ... even a cat 's meow would sound beautiful ! the entire performance center is gorgeous and i think it 's a must-visit if you live in phoenix . you have your choice between the symphony , ballet az and the opera so pick your performance poison and discover symphony hall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "teresa s. and i were one of the lucky ones to win tickets to see cavalleria rusticana and pagliacci last night at the symphony hall , and we were impressed with the acoustics . the overall sound quality of the live act was fantastic , so overall i 'd say that the gig was pretty amazing . it 's a fabulous hub of culture , but the food concessions need some urgent attention . the only munchies they have are desserts like cookies or pies , so be sure to have dinner first . one of the great things they offer is you can now pre-reserve your intermission drinks . you can pre-order your favorite libation before the show , and they will have them ready on the refreshment table . that would save you time in case you need to whiz to the loo , and not have to wait in line again to buy your drinks . thank you again to yelp and arizona opera . the show was wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to the symphony is pretty amazing . this is my fourth time coming here . the first to two time where to see the ballet and last two time where to see the symphony . one thing i love about this symphony hall is that every time you walk in the door the staff here is always smiling and is ready to help you find your seat . i will definitely be back to symphony hall to either see a ballet or to see the symphony .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the problem is the pitch . not the perceived frequency of sound , rather the steepness of a slope or an object confirming to a slope . acoustically this place is great , the sound is wonderful , everywhere from millionaire row at the front , to paupers pews at the back . if you come to listen to the symphony , then relax in your comfortable seat , close your eyes and you 're all set . however , if you come to watch something or other moving about on the stage , then cross your fingers and hope you do n't get a seat behind an adult sized human , because if you do , he or she will be all you are looking at for the duration of the show . the oompa loompa sized architects really did n't take into account anyone over the height of , what , maybe 5 foot when they designed this place . or maybe the first show was the hobbit and they figured everything was ok. good for kids ? - only if they are sitting in front of you , not if you are one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a seat in the box area on the first floor on the left side . it was very awesome seats . it was very hot outside but it is not to walk in and the ac is blasting to cool off . i took the light rail downtown instead of fighting parking . the light rail dropped us off very close by and it is a light walk to the symphony hall . plenty of windows for picking up tickets . friendly staff to guide you on where to go . the performance for the earth hd show was very good . loved they had some visuals to go with some of the pieces . very very cool !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to the last two symphonies at phoenix symphony hall and i am impressed . the facility is gorgeous and accessible . the acoustics are fabulous . the employees are friendly and helpful . the venue is located adjacent to the convention center . it is centrally located and there are multiple parking options nearby . i chose to park in the regency garage both times for an event parking fee of $ 12 . the prices for snacks and beverages are reasonable ; coffee is $ 2 , bottled water is $ 3 and a large cookie is $ 4 . in addition , there are adult beverages and other goodies for sale . i will be back , perhaps next week or the week after ( if i 'm so lucky ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an excellent facility this was ! i had never been to the symphony or the opera until receiving yelp tickets to see faust . the building was larger than i expected , yet easy to navigate . i did n't feel herded like i do trying to move around gammage . the lights and decor were wonderful and multiple areas to purchase drinks made it easier . also the availability of restrooms made it much easier than gammage . we were in the back section of the lower seating and the sound was wonderful . the play was in french , but a nice display provided subtitles so that we could follow along . i would definitely go back to see either the symphony or another opera . it was a great evening out ! parking was also convenient in a nearby parking deck ( $ 12 ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently attended the music of star wars @ phoenix symphony hall . this is the second time we 've seen them perform and they never disappoint . symphony hall is large and although we were in the balcony the view was still amazing . it 's much roomier than , for example , the orpheum so every time you move in the seat you 're not bumping the seat in front of you . the only thing they need to work on are the lines for beverages . they can take awhile and during intermission causes some people to return to the show late disturbing others . overall it was a great night & we 'll definitely be back to watch another performance !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "giselle is one of the most classical ballets of all time . i was so excited to receive my ticket for cmye opening night of giselle last week . i had seat in the top area , but were able to see and hear the performance . the costumes were so exquisite , and the beautiful stage production was so well thought out . the dancers and orchestra were magnificent ! this is one performance you do not want to miss . thank you so much for lindsey and symphony hall for an unforgettable evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the building itself has that frank lloyd wright 70s vibe going on ... not my taste , but our city is n't very old so i can live with this minor aesthetic annoyance . ( remember when they almost tore the orpheum down ? not cool . fight to keep history here folks ... ) anyway , anytime i hear people begrudgingly ask `` what is there to do in phoenix ? '' i would have to suggest : we do have culture here , if you 're willing to venture outside of your comfort zone and outside of the suburbs . phoenix is privileged enough to have an opera company and ballet company who are great at what they do . i saw the nutcracker most recently and goodness , they all had impressive resumes . the conductor , and costume designer were definitely stand outs . as audience members we are supremely lucky because the venue itself is small enough to ensure you will have a fantastic seat no matter where you are . i will go back . i ca n't wait to go back . my soul craves this , as should yours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't wait to go until the another show . i do n't know that there is a bad seat in the house . i did order a drink before the ballet began and the bartenders where very courteous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite things about symphony hall is how much culture to which it is actually a performance home . the ballet , the opera , the symphony , and more . you need not look further than symphony hall if you are in search of something to bring some depth and beauty into your every day life . if you have a student id you can get tickets to performances for $ 10 immediately before the start of any performance . you fill a seat basically . you may have great seats . you may have not so great seats . the point is that you get out and get some culture in your youth at a very low price . fill your life with beauty and culture . you will always find something worth while filling the space at symphony hall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to see a ballet ! get fancy , go out to dinner , and then see a show here ! only giving four stars because i think the place could use some updating ( carpet , sculptures , etc . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't a big fan of my seat location . i was in the b section of row 26 on the main floor . the music was a bit dim sounding from back there . also , because there is n't a steep decline descending to the stage , you 're forced to watch through a thicket of heads . if you 're contemplating buying main floor tickets , i would n't bother with anything above row 14 . all that being said , symphony hall really is very beautiful -- both in the hall and the lobby areas . i saw the nutcracker here recently , and the quality of the production was great . the sets , music , and dancing were all top notch . i 'd like to return for more productions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the symphony hall . it is a good size venue , not too large where the cheap seats feel super far away . acoustics are great and the ushers are friendly . also the bathrooms are large enough that the lines are not too bad ( if you wait until the end of intermission ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful space inside ! good acoustic and illumination . went here to check `` carmen '' . the opera was 3 stars , but the place is really fancy and the last minute tickets for students ... a deal i ca n't miss anymore ! . to make me happy , ladies have more restrooms available ( still , better run in the intermission ) . the coffee is ok for being a place that profits more on drinks . cookies are over priced , but that 's why you should get some food first or be patient until show is over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a fan of the programs held at symphony hall . beautiful facility !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we saw circ de la symphonie and the show was incredible ! ! we had great seats even though we were n't in the front area . parking was the only small inconvenience . as a first timer , we were not sure where to park . we found a parking garage across the way that was $ 12 cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice venue . i liked it better when they had the front plaza entry before the convention center expansion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautifully renovated facility with lounge seating throughout the lobby . the season ticket parking is super convenient and worth the $ 12 . you are just an elevator ride away . the snack areas have a full bar and coffee and some pastries . the symphony hall is right near several great hotels and eateries . the perfect refined date includes a symphony experience here at phoenix symphony hall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here to see the nutcracker ballet and recently the cirque de la symphonie . both performances were very enjoyable . i highly recommend sitting up as close as possible . it is a pretty small stage . there are multiple ways to get to your seats so it does n't feel too crowded . the seats are pretty tight , but overall the venue is clean and feels updated . there is a parking garage directly across from symphony hall- $ 12 . you may want to check if there is anything else going on that night , because if there is , it may be full and you may have to take a little walk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a wonderful evening at the symphony thanks to a friend . first time here and the ushers were very helpful with regards to her walker . they tag and store it . the aisles are wide enough you do n't have to climb over those around you to get to your seat . we sat in the back but center and with each row being slightly higher then the next , we were able to see perfectly . i especially like this since i am short ! the sound quality was exceptional and bathrooms were clean ( still lines for the ladies room ) but they moved quickly . parking in the garage can get expensive at $ 12.00 a shot but still an easy walk to the theater and a great show !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place hosts so many cultural events , shows , etc . took the wife here for the nutcracker last week and as usual , it 's such an enchanting performance . the acoustics are wonderful . we had the cheap seats and even with those , you could see and hear with complete clarity . the foyer was decorated exquisitely in christmas decor . the bathrooms are plentiful and clean . before the performance and during intermission , there are multiple coffee , snack , and alcohol bars to purchase drinks snacks . parking in one of the nearby garages makes for an easy downtown orientation , or you can take the light rail . overall a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for the arizona ballet doing the rendition of sleeping beauty . i am not an expert on ballet or acoustics , but my wife loved this visit and enjoyed the elaborate costumes and the score . the seats we had were reasonably priced as we sat on the ground level in the corner . i was initially thinking i might miss some of the dance , but i did n't see a seat in the place that had a bad view of the stage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went to see cavalleria rusticana and pagliacci last sat night . the show was good , sound was good , we were on row 23 and it did seem a little low but maybe next time we will sit a little closer . the concessions were a low note , only 2-people serving and the lines were long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as someone who used to play the violin i really appreciate this place . i was most recently here at christmas seeing the nutcracker ballet with my boyfriend . thanks for coming with me baby ! : ) they usually feature a mixture of orchestra concerts , ballets , operas , and musical performances . coming here is a great way to support the arts in arizona , and i have never been less than amazed by the performances they put on here . located in the heart of downtown phoenix , the symphony would make a great cultured date or place to bring an out of towner . p.s the new nutcracker was brilliant , check it out next xmas you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the phoenix symphony hall is a beautiful venue and the sound quality here is great . we attended mozart 's jupiter symphony conducted by james judd with guest artist sean chen on the piano . there is a parking garage across the street in front of the hall so if you 're lucky you may not have to make a huge trek to the venue . my only complaint is the seating as they remind me a bit of sports stadium seats . there is n't a steep decline as you move towards the stage either so you may be weaving between heads to actually see the stage . luckily there was only one row in front of us so there was n't much blockage . ca n't wait to come back for another performance !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this hall . great acoustics . staff that are very friendly . the phenix symphony is wonderful . great musicians and always good performances . enjoyed an evening of bernstein that was filled with music , history , and famous personalities . a great time was had by all that attended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leave time for parking & foot traffic ! otherwise , once you 're settled in the area , this venue is in a great location and close to restaurants and coffee shops for before or after the performance ! the box office is easily accessible and well-designed . the ushers were all very helpful and knowledgeable of the area as well as the hall itself . i attended the phoenix ballet , `` don quixote '' , and it was a marvelous afternoon performance in a nicely appointed venue !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful place to see the nutcracker . easy access to seats and parking . the orange carpeting and seats leave something to be desired . large well lit place makes for amazing sound . one of my favorite places to see anything !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . love the artists , so diverse and abundant in talent and heart . so thankful arizona has this beautiful facility , kind staff , and amazing shows !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hall itself is terrific . we thoroughly enjoyed the performance that we saw , and the musicians were top-notch . the hall was clean , modern , sightlines were good ( even from the balcony ) , acoustics were terrific . my one big gripe is how awful the bar service was . the lines were terribly long , and unbelievably slow . there was a 20 minute intermission , and we left the balcony to get in line right at the beginning of it . we never made it up to the bar to get a drink . um ... . ? why not have a bar on the balcony level ? this was unacceptable , but yet another example of phoenix 's inability to handle large crowds . however - i reiterate - the performance itself was terrific .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cmye opening night of giselle was a fantastic event ! this was a great event that i am so happy i got to attend . our seats were perfect and i did n't miss any of the show . the production of giselle was wonderful and i loved the costumes and set design . thank you lindsey and symphony hall for an unbelievable night . i can not wait to check out romeo and julie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attended the david bowie symphony show - did not realize it would be an average cover band with the symphony providing barely audible backup violin playing . the drums drowned out all the symphony and at breaks they had a guy do an electric guitar solo instead of hearing the symphony play . also the sound system is pretty bad - it was very hard to hear different instruments and the singers lyrics . i did enjoy tony vincent ; he did a really good job but this was a bit of a ripoff . a cover band for $ 90 is not even remotely worth it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went with a group from yelp for the cmye : opening night of giselle , and i have to admit this was my first time at symphony hall , what an amazing building , the art work from the lights to the seats , to the walls , everything done with such great detail , and when you walk in you can tell you are in a grand building ! we had seats up in the baloney , second row in the center , and were able to see the stage clearly ; i do n't think you could have a bad seat in symphony hall . giselle was a beautiful ballet to watch , enjoyed the show ! i now will make sure to follow up on what is happening at symphony hall and make more trips to this grand place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is gorgeous ! only downside is you ca n't bring the drinks you just bought into the theater . only bottles water . try chugging hot coffee and baileys . not very easy lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the symphony hall is nice but the seats are not that high so watching a performance can be a challenge with so many heads in front of you . the nutcrackers was disappointing . there was only a few moments that was very pretty . some of the ballet dancers made some very noticeable mistakes . i have seen the nutcrackers while ago and it was a much better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a beautiful venue . since october 2012 , i have been 3 times : once for the day of the day performance and twice for the nutcracker . every time , i am wowed by this place . the performances are beautiful , engaging and well done , employees are friendly , and i do n't think there is a bad seat in the house . there is a gift shop , couple of bars , and bakery that serves coffee , as well . i also like that there is a desk where you can check out a booster seat for small children . very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last weekend my boyfriend surprised me with a date to the opera to see the adaptation of william shakesphere 's othello called otello . the opera was being performed at symphony hall in downtown phoenix . it is one of the few performing arts locations i had not been too and i have nothing bad to say about it . the sound was great and the seats were comfortable . it is very nice inside with different paintings , sculptures , etc on display . parking in downtown phoenix can be tough and pricey , but we were able to get there early to grab a drink at a local bar and found metered parking..and since it was a saturday evening we did n't have to pay the meter ... score ! i would go back to see other performances here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful ! excellent lighting and acoustics ! class all around ! the lobby is elegant and the floorplan is well laid out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the phoenix symphony , the sets , the dancers . minor disappointment that it is geared towards children . no sign of the musicians= is there an elevator riser to bring them up to view- at least at beginning & end ? had to keep reminding myself that it was a live performance . the architecture of symphony hall is wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw billy crystal last night . he looked like a little blurry blob from row 29-orchestra b ! at $ 116 , i could not see him . the screen behind him which did not show him , but showed clips of his movies periodically , looked like a home move screen from the 60 's ! the sound was horrendous ! amps on the stage , and not throughout the 2,000+ seating ampitheatre ! very poor . and not the venue for his type of show-where he sat in a chair on stage . my firt time there and last ! get ready for the $ 12 . parking too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice hall . great acoustics . well kept and new looking . seats are a bit narrow though . if you are sitting next to someone who is using the armrest then you have to tuck your arms in close . that aside , a nice place to go for a performance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice facility that has wonderful venues including the phoenix ballet . i saw the nutcracker here a couple of years ago and simply loved it . the staff was also very nice and accommodating . parking is available in the garage as well as across the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to watch romeo and juliet with my wife . we loved the performance . it is a little confusing to get into , but we managed to finally find an entrance . ( the box office is off 2nd street ) . sat really close to the front , 6th row . we got there late and had to sit up top . anywhere you sit really is great acoustics and the view . i really enjoyed the orchestra playing below us . no single instrument was overly dominant . it was a good balance the whole time . i 'd go back for another show . ( snacks are okay . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , modern , great seating and acoustics . clean restrooms . many helpful & sweet greeter staff around . parking across the street for around $ 12 . great place to watch our wonderfully talents symphony play !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a big , ugly gray building does not make me feel awe-inspired and magical the way a good live theater venue should . the insides are new and functional , but equally plain looking . everything is always very clean and in good working order but i just ca n't seem to get over the aesthetics of the place enough to actually enjoy myself at all until the curtain goes up . i will admit that the theater space has great acoustics and the other facilities are completely adequate . the staff volunteers are both friendly and helpful . the bar always has a long line during intermissions but that is typical of all theaters this size . basically , i have no issues with the place ; i just wish that is was prettier .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a great time when we are here for a performance . the ushers and staff are always very friendly and helpful . you can always anticipate a fabulous show at this venue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the symphony itself was fantastic ! the hall itself leaves much do be desired . the drink and coffee lines are ill-staffed , too long and inefficient . it took a good 30 minutes of driving around to locate the `` fashionably understated '' sign . it was annoying ! no address on the ticket itself and if you google `` symphony hall '' it 's leads you to the box office two blocks away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was lucky enough to get tickets for the john williams steven spielberg concert here not long ago . it was my first visit to symphony hall since it underwent an extensive multi million dollar renovation years ago . it was also my first time seeing the phoenix symphony in action since i was a kid . what . a . show . the renovated building looks fantastic and modern with tremendous acoustics , comfortable seating , and great site lines . the symphony rose to the occasion playing john williams ' greatest hits with near perfection and even spielberg was taken aback . an amazing experience i 'll never forget . the venue seats about 2,500 so it 's just a bit smaller than gammage auditorium in tempe , but has a much more intimate and luxurious feel . great place to come to catch the symphony , a play , ballet , or lecture . wonderful home base for phoenix 's performing arts scene .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "each year for the past 5 years , my son and i have made it a holiday tradition to come to symphony hall and see the nutcracker . this review is based on the nutcracker presentations solely . the show itself has been up and down over the years . this year , we agreed that the evening show on 12 11 was the best one yet . the dancers were light on their feet with very few mistakes . the only thing that needs to change is the price and quality of concessions . i 'm sorry but if i want safeway cookies , i 'll go get safeway cookies . if i 'm going to pay $ 3 for a cookie ... it better not be a lofthouse cookie . all in all , it 's been a great time over the past 5 years sharing the nutcracker with my son and making christmas memories . i 'm looking forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy attending events at symphony hall . it 's a beautiful venue to see the phoenix symphony . i 've seen a few shows here and i am absolutely stunned at the beautiful architecture . the staff here is very helpful too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoy seeing shows here . the acoustics are great , the phoenix symphony is filled with such talent . it is easy to get to by light rail , dropping you right on the corner with a very short walk to symphony hall . there are lots of places to dine nearby before and after the show . concessions at symphony hall are reasonable as well , you can bring your own water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tj is a fantastic commercial realtor which i highly recommend . he has been in the business his entire life and picked it up where is father left off . to say he is an expert in the business is an understatement . check him out . if your looking to buy a property , rent out a property or rent out your property he is the person you should be calling . and he will actually return your calls and take great care of you unlike many of the others in the business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have commercial property to sell or lease or if you need commercial space , you should contact tj at ox urban . he not only has great knowledge of the metro area in general , he has extensive `` niche knowledge '' which creates very successful relationships between owners , tenants , and the neighborhoods in which they operate . talk to tj and let him help you - you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team at ox urban properties knows how to think outside the average real estate box and how to provide truly personalized service . i have worked with ox on 2 commercial property matters and they always come forward with fresh ideas and the right connections to get things done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would also like to give this property 0 stars . awful customer service . when i first moved in here the original management was awesome ! but now i know everyone else . however the only one that stayed was the assistant manager . he is just an horrible person , very mean and not friendly at all . the maintenance took a good 3 weeks ... i requested multiple times to have my bill from moving out to be mail to me but instead , i got a collection letter . when i reported this to orian ( the main company ) no one cared . so do not live here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad experience living here , will never live here or at another property with the same management company . they do not care about you as a person , all they want is your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i lived here for almost 11 months i had a 12 month lease had emergency and had to leave even though i paid a months rent . i had one month left . i could n't tell the office on phone so i emailed them my sutaituon that my grand mom was dying in hospital . what they do they charged my credit 7,000 now i 'm in debt because of them ! dont move here there scammers !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't live here it 's a scam . charged me $ 200 pet deposit , then when i moved out said it was a pet `` fee '' and that it does n't get applied to cleaning when you move out . then charged me $ 125 to `` treat '' the carpet . there 's only carpet in the bedroom and i had a 1 bedroom ! they ended up saying there was $ 460 in cleaning charges when i i lived in a one bedroom that i left in the same shape as when i got the apartment besides damage to the blinds caused by my dog . also , when i lived there a huge branch from an unkempt tree fell on my new car . when i let management know they said that there was nothing they could do and then they left the giant branch in the middle of the parking lot for 4 days until someone complained . i 've lived in a good amount of apartment complexes and this one was by far the worst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "louis parker is an outstanding bankruptcy attorney . i sat down with him one day when i was considering bankruptcy and his insights and suggestions prompted me to research my debt issue more thoroughly . i discovered that a slightly higher payment towards my debt could eliminate it within 3 years . i happily drove from mesa to his phoenix office to speak with him , but would have driven from chandler , tempe or scottsdale as well . he is genuinely interested in the best options for his clients rather than suggesting bankruptcy to all in order to boost his fees . i highly recommend louis to anyone who is or may be considering bankruptcy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have referred clients to lou parker and jared bennett as well as used them for my own personal legal matters . one of the things i like is that you get the input of more than one attorney . they will call each other into the meeting with clients to discuss different options and perspectives to maximize the possible outcome . i highly recommend giving either one a call for bankruptcy and family law matters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work with a lot of clients that end up needing to file for bankruptcy and having worked with many bankruptcy attorneys in the past i was thrilled to find jared bennett a few years ago . i now refer any clients who find themselves in a poor financial situation to jared as i know they are not just another number and he and his team are absolutely the best to work with . i have only heard great things from my clients after they have sat down with jared .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have referred numerous clients to jared bennett , he is knowledgable and experienced bankruptcy attorney .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to mr. parker 's office because i saw a blog about him helping veterans out with court case at a local veteran help day . i called his office about a cs issue and he met with me right away . he discussed my case in great detail and gave me real professional advise and no bs . i walked in nervous but i walked out with my head up . thank you for your professionalism .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jared and lou are two of the best attorneys around . friendly and casual environment with innovative ways to help with individual needs . i have sent several of my friends and clients to them without any hesitation that they would exceed expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lou has helped me navigate through family law court & was amazing . i 've referred him to several friends for bankruptcy issues and they loved him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so very grateful that i was referred to louis parker to help with my bankruptcy case . he is real , down to earth , efficient and honest . i was so glad that he was patient with me , because i procrastinated and it took me `` forever '' to get my act together and complete the dang counseling course , the only missing piece of the puzzle to finally file my case . as ridiculous as that sounds , louis had a great disposition and we laughed about it , just what i needed to ease my worried mind ! once i just got on with it , things really ran pretty smoothly after that . he helped me understand the process and was very knowledgeable and straight forward . his paralegal jennifer is also so very friendly and did an excellent job at helping me with any questions i had . she is very understanding and a hard worker ! i highly recommend this firm . thank you guys very much for making this experience a pleasant one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was fortunate enough to be able to refer lou parker quite a few times and each time i receive rave reviews over his professionalism and affordability . he consistently goes out of his way to help his clients make the best decisions for their situation . i highly recommend the firm for being unlike the typical `` law firms '' because their reputation is stellar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently , after reading the reviews on yelp , i contacted bennett parker for a free consultation . i met with lou parker , who is extremely down to earth - easy going guy , but do n't be fooled by his low key demeanor , he is as shrewd as they get ! he listened to a number of questions i had and recommended different options to pursue . he translated the 'legal lingo ' and ways things are done in the law world in easy laymen terms.he was honest and straight to the point . his insightful experience presented a very logical approach to each of my inquiries , which were in several different areas of law . he did not pressure me into signing on with him or moving forward together , he left the door open . i appreciated his professionalism and advice . in the future , if i need to hire a lawyer , i would not hesitate in contacting lou parker for representing me . remember the consultation is free , you have nothing to lose and everything to gain when you contact bennet parker law !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lou parker is incredible ! he has given me so much excellent advice that i will be forever grateful for . he goes out of his way to help his clients ( and even those who are n't ) in any way that he can . if you need representation , this is the man for you ! thank you , mr louis parker !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a library to chill in between meals and to charge up my toys . my gps led me to pleasant ville library . pleasantville is not on the main road or close to a lot of schools so it is not really busy . in fact when i walked in right after 3:30 , all the three communal tables where empty ! ! outlets , maybe because there 's no outlets ? they cleverly has outlets hidden in a floor to ceiling pole ... . that 's just so awesome ! ! ! wifi here is fast and stable since there 's not too many people sharing the connection . i kind of took a power nap here ... . it was that quiet ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's one of the smaller libraries , but i like going there because of it . it offers the basic functions of the library . i use it for mainly picking up holds and a quick drop off of books . with the holds reserve system , you can access any book within the toronto public library database ... so you 're not restricted by content - that 's for sure . i go during the weekends - and the place is filled with students getting tutored on weekend mornings . it 's sometimes hard to get a spot to get an outlet or table spot for your laptop or electronic device . they do have desktops as well . the parking lot is shared with the community centre nearby , so sometimes the parking can be hard to come by . staff are friendly , and helpful !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yikes ... . noisey already thou it is 4pm which what i expect with pleasant vier jr scholl right there and the fact this library shares a parking lot with a community center its kind of expected . they have about a dozen computers . 3 long table at baxk and magizines seating area as well as other spot to use . the collection is okay . staff are fine as they have accpeyed yhe noise ... and i dont blame them..kids dony listen . a well on to the next one", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best dentist i 've ever been to ! i always look forward getting my teeth cleaned by jazzy ! i 'd never go anywhere else ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a very nice experience here . went for a cleaning and check up . was checked right away by the friendly receptionist , fist thing i noticed how clean and how good it smelled in there . there was big soft couches in the waiting room . my hygenist was super sweet and was kind enough to put some topical anesthic gel on my gums because they were so sensitive and dr jones was very thorough and had a wonderful bed side manner . i will definitely come back here , and my family also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the office staff , to the hygienist , to the dentist . . . excellent . we are fairly new to the area and were not happy with the first dentist we went to . we `` discovered '' this practice and are more than pleased . highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adore this place ! my old dentist retired . i did a lot of research trying to find a new dentist . love that this a family run office and not a corporation . the office staff is super friendly and extremely knowledgable . the dentists and their assistants are kind , gentle and very caring . happy to say i 've found the perfect dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am visiting from minnesota and had a crown come off during my vacation . i looked at local web sites and felt confident about making an appointment in this office . i have a lot of anxiety about going to the dentist . dr. jones and his staff were fabulous ! very caring and kind folks ! if i lived in chandler , this would be our family dentist office . if you are looking for quality patient care , make this your family dental care choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't tell my husband his cleaning is free with the insurance and then 2 weeks later get a $ 119.00 bill in the freaking mail ! i guess that 's the way you guys want to make extra money . we called twice before to make sure it was , otherwise would n't have gone in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a fantastic iced americano at a reasonable price , served by a friendly person , and sipped in a clean and well-lit room where outlets were available in the early morning guaranteed that i could re-write that paper before presenting it . even the bathroom is lovely . may we meet again , aroma .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe it took me so long to come to aroma cafe ... cafe kopi was just way too crowded today so i decided to give it a try . this is definitely a nice place , and i 'll be back . plenty of seating ( including , i believe , a patio in the back ) , free wireless , nice decor and lighting , friendly staff : everything you need from a good coffee shop . they have food too ( mostly sandwiches , salads etc ) : i tried their raspberry chipotle chicken salad , and it was pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have changed my mind . aroma , you are my new favourite coffee shop in cu , and not just because you kept me full of coffee and happiness this weekend while i toiled over everything from marx to historiography . your workers were ridiculously friendly , your huge ass coffee mugs were on point , and the beef and cheddar sandwich was sabroso . you win .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i worked at aroma cafe , on neil between park and university , for 2 1 2 years , so i can safely say that i 've eaten just about anything that could come out of their kitchen . it 's not amazing , but it 's all good stuff . the kids quesadilla is the best deal on the menu . there 's front and back patio seating , which can be important as seating indoors fills up quickly when school is in session . they have music thursday nights which can be very hit or miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "aroma has delicious coffee and comfortable seating . there are big , overstuffed chairs inside . in back , there is a pretty patio with tables in chairs . aroma 's patio is adjacent to pekara bistro 's patio . so , you can get a latte from aroma , a crepe from pekara , and have an excellent sunday afternoon lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed breakfast at this little cafe . pretty quiet and not overrun by other college students like other cafes tend to be . spacious enough for studying , but still homey . the staff was super nice , and service was super prompt . a friend and i got dirty chais . promptly were asked if we want whole milk or a substitute which was great since i 'm lactose intolerant . the chai was served hot and tasted great . not to sweet and not too bitter . the yogurt and fresh fruit are served in prepackaged cups , but the sandwiches come out hot . the server was even nice enough to ask if i was okay to eat cheese since i asked for a non-dairy substitute in my drink . the fruit tarts are to die for , and though the hash browns and sandwich are nothing spectacular they were good , and a fair price . i would definitely come back to try more desserts . their tea is also phenomenal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "+ small little college town coffee shop feel + good quality coffee + cake balls ... ... ..oh my goodness aroma cafe is exactly the type of small business coffee shop that i love to support . it 's warm and welcoming - cozy enough for setting up a work station for an afternoon , or just for stopping in for a coffee to go . i appreciated the friendly service and the selection of quality brews they had to offer . you just ca n't beat iced coffee that is made to order , freshly brewed on the spot rather than being served from a big pitcher of premade refrigerated coffee . i also had one of the lemon cake balls and oh good grief that was delicious ! the center of the cake ball had something similar to a lemon curd , which was a very pleasant tart surprise . i want to come back just to get a few more ( okay maybe like a dozen ) of these naughty little bites !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is considerably better than pekara 's by at least 1000 % . when you first walk into the door , the smooth and sweet aroma of coffee and bakery treats welcome you in every single way -- along with the workers welcoming you as well of course . a must go place for anyone who just wants a place to relax and chill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite cafe in downtown champaign , mainly because their food is so yummy . you ca n't go wrong with a hot sandwich and bowl of soup from aroma . service is quick and the employees are very nice . the ac is usually turned up , so make sure to bring warm clothing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice and got a ciabatta sandwich both times . you get to pick of side of hashbrowns , apple sauce or fruits . the sandwiches are just as you 'd expect them to be - although the egg yolk is a but over cooked , maybe you can ask for it slightly runny . otherwise , i love this place for a light breakfast , cup of coffee and nice spot to chat , read or finish up work . now , they have a cafe con leche in their menu . do n't buy it expecting an actual cafe con leche because this is a foamy cross breed of a latte and a cappuccino . it 's not cafe con leche . i was disappointed with this specifically but they 're house coffee is generally good , so stick to the standard here . they have small outdoor tables in the front and a fenced space in the back which are perfect for warm days ! they have a really good seating arrangement inside the cafe too if it 's not so nice outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super cute and cozy cafe . the coffee selection is generic with a few unique additions . the flavor board contain countless tasty favors . the bakery is pretty small , but contains good items . the cakes are pretty good ; moist , fresh , and not too sweet . i tried the cappuccino with the toffee flavor and it was delicious . i could barely taste the espresso and the toffee flavor gave the coffee a very comforting aroma . definitely coming back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cute little coffee shop which i visit often and am absolutely in love with . the coffee is great and along with a lovely ambiance with ample outdoor seating in the form of a beautiful back patio , it 's absolutely my happy place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like aroma . the coffee is nice , the pastries are delicious , the food is fantastic , and the space is big and welcoming . the seats by the window are a really nice touch . the biggest problems i have with this place though is that the baristas are sometimes a little inattentive to customers and the temperature in there is always experiencing problems . the other problem is that it 's not the best space for collaborative work . i 'm happy to go there alone as a nice place to work quietly or read have sometime `` away '' but i rarely go there for when i need more table space .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "aroma is a great place to visit if you 're on campus and need a space to work . there is a public parking deck a few blocks away , so it 's in a convenient location for visitors . the employees are friendly . the food and drink are nothing special , but everything i tried was good . the wifi is free and works well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee and friendly staff ! we went there after dinner so we did n't try any of the food , but maybe we will the next we are passing through town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great downtown coffee shop . they have a nice outdoor patio and a cozy section in the back with couches and armchairs . they also have local musicians play some nights which can be quite enjoyable . the coffee and atmosphere are pretty good . seating can be a little sparse and when it 's crowded , it can be a bit hard to move around . i do n't have any complaints really , but aroma does n't quite have the draw for me that other downtown coffee shops have .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not only is the coffee delicious and the food amazing , the people who work there are so friendly . discovered this place on the 2nd day of my trip and went everyday after that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! the barista was really pleasant and inviting . he combined two bags of tea to create what i wanted , and seemed happy to do it . casual ambience and i liked that there was a couch in the back . my tea was great and i got a lot of it for just $ 2 ... i 'll definitely be returning . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this cafe was a very pleasant surprise for breakfast . every item i tried was surprisingly good . the organic coffee came in a huge mug , bigger than most soup cups and had a really nice smooth and only slightly bitter taste . if you enjoy intelligensia i 'm sure you 'd enjoy this one as well . the italian soda was pretty normal , using da vinci syrup . both the roast beef wrap and mango chicken wrap were fresh and light with a good mix of flavors . the cream cheese is from local sources which you can clearly taste from the first bite . the sides of salad and fruit were both fresh and flavorful . i will definitely return here on my next trip downstate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aroma is a charming coffee shop . i do n't drink coffee so i ca n't judge on that . they have a nice selection of teas . their yogurt and fruit cups are large and tasty . not sure where they get their pastries from but i prefer pekara 's , which is next door . their lunch is what i find to be the best . they serve large salads , all of which are very good . i really like their caprese chicken wrap as well . i have also tried some of the other wraps which have never disappointed . the atmosphere is what i would want from a coffee shop . the staff currently is a group of people that tend to have very good customer service . the prices are reasonable and the wait is never long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "under new ownership , aroma is re-inventing herself as a cozy alternative in downtown champaign . warm byzantium hues fit perfectly with the charm of the new 'sexy toast ' creations with fillings that range from fresh roasted portobellos with charred red capsicum to wonderfully tender beef short-ribs with a delicate horseradish cream sauce . understated middle-eastern sides like hummus and tabouleh further enhance a menu that still includes classic aroma fare like the cuban sandwich and quesadillas . aroma has come a long way in a short time . i look forward to future encounters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the prices are overpriced ! everything within this cafe is over-priced ! ! ! ! it 's so ridiculously high for a cup of coffee ! moreover , i ordered the chai tea latte and i literally still tasted the powered in the latte ! the fact that they used a power form is beyond my comprehension . do n't go to this place , it 's not worth the money or the hassle . the cashier gave part of my refund to the tip jar ! ? ? what the hell ! ! ! i am definitely not going here ever again and i advise that no one else go there ! ! ! ! ! there are better cafes out there ! there is a reason as to why this place is so empty ! trust me and do n't go there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay ambience , but my latte tasted burnt and my chocolate croissant was terribly cakie -- instead of light , flaky , and buttery as croissants should be made . my coffee perspective is based on enjoying wonderful cups of coffee from the following sample of establishments : - anthology ( detroit , mi ) - avoca ( fort worth , tx ) - counter culture ( durham , nc ) - groundswell coffee ( chicago , il ) - intelligentsia ( chicago , il ) - ipsento ( chicago , il ) - madcap ( new york ) - metric coffee ( chicago , il ) - metropolis coffee ( chicago , il ) - murky coffee ( washington , dc ) - philz coffee ( marin , ca ) - ritual ( san francisco , ca ) - ten drops ( plainfield , il ) - populace ( mi ) - blue bottle ( hayes valley , ny ) - dark matter ( chicago , il ) - two brothers ( chicago , il ) - velton 's coffee ( everett , wa )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "literally the best cafe i have had the privilege of experiencing . i 'm a champaign local , have tried all the other cafes downtown and by far aroma is my favorite . you ca n't beat the atmosphere , great smiles from the staff , amazing music selection and drink options . some of the food can be a bit expensive , but once you bite into your first toasted reuben or cuban sandwich , it 's totally worth it . their bagel special or their breakfast sandwiches for breakfast brunch after a long night ( do n't forget the coffee ) make aroma a great place for breakfast too . i 've played board games , studied , worked remotely , met people to catch up etc . all at this little great cafe . love it , sometimes i do n't know where i 'd be without a coffee of the day and a smile , and i know i 'll find that everytime at aroma .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are lots of coffee spots downtown and i 'll be honest when i say that i like them all . but i find myself at aroma quite a bit . the coffee is tasty and the patio area is really nice in the warmer months . but in the winter , their soup is my jam , especially the tomato bisque . and unlike some other places in the area , you actually get more than a tiny cup of it so it really warms you up . oh , and did i mention they can make banana white mochas ? yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "didnt expect this little place would have such delicious coffee . very smooth , tastes good without needing to add a ton of sugar or syrup in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks and a wonderful atmosphere . a very chic look combined with comfy seating . their food is so-so , but reasonably priced nonetheless . aroma is definitely my favorite champaign cafe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "indeed delicious coffee . had a large cappuccino and an chocolate croissant and both were 5star worthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in today because it was warm and i was dying for an iced coffee . i ordered an iced latte with vanilla and hazelnut , made with almond milk . most places seem put out by my `` complicated '' order , which is really not that complicated , but no issues here . the drink was delicious and hit the spot . my husband ordered an iced vanilla latte and had the same reaction as i did - tasty lattes and wish we lived closer so we could come by more often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful , comfortably cheery atmosphere . it 's so warm and cozy to sit here on a winter night with a hot beverage and a book , or a cheese plate and scrabble with my husband . the drinks are wonderful ; i have n't really had anything here i did n't like . in addition to the usual coffee tea concoctions , they have juices and a few alcoholic beverages . the food is also quite good , unlike a lot of other coffee shops i 've tried . try the quesadilla or the aroma salad . good music , too ! my only beef with them is that they close super-early in the evenings during semester break , meaning that those of us who actually live here do n't get to partake while the students are gone . i would understand if aroma were located closer to campus and got the vast majority of their business from college students , but every time i 'm there , i see quite a few non-students , so i see no reason for them to close early .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aroma does have the best coffee in downtown champaign and the space is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice environment ... definitely the most quiet of the c-u cafes . good set-up so that the light fills the place during sunny days . also an outdoor patio . that being said the coffee is distinctly average and none of the staff act like they want to be there ... overall 2 or 3 star experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been very faithful to cafe kopi over the years - however - my beloved chai latte and chai bomb are consistently inconsistent . i decided to give aroma a try after my last disappointing latte and i was very pleased . my son also prefers the hot chocolate here as well . i recently discovered their hummus which comes with plenty of flatbread and house made fattoush . it is sinfully delish . unfortunately for me ( and my coworkers ) it is dragon breath inducing with all the fantastic ingredients . their lobster bisque is also to die for . maybe not that serious , but it 's worth a try . the fresh grilled ciabatta that comes with it is perfect . now i 'm hungry . thanks , yelp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a regular stop when i 'm traveling to champaign . their bakery items are delicious and the aroma salad is fresh and well constructed in both flavor and texture . coffee is well crafted . bathrooms are singles , so there is privacy . outlets are fairly well distributed , so you 've got likely access to power . there are lots of smaller tables and plenty of patrons eat alone in front of their laptops . you 'll be in good company if you 're looking to hang out awhile , sip good coffee , and grab something delicious to munch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coffee and drinks here are good which is why i 'm going to give them 3 stars , but their internet is horrible . do not come here to do work because you wo n't even be able to access even google.com .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to say that i have perused many different cafes in the area but none own my heart in the way aroma does . for one , the food and drinks here are excellent -- especially the wraps and the teas , though the hot chocolate is also top notch . secondly , the atmosphere is bright and inviting but also calm enough to be an effective study place . it 's typically got people but it 's never overly busy or loud , which is a big plus and their wifi works pretty well . thirdly , what really does it for me , is that baristas are all incredibly friendly and kind . i have had lots of little conversations with them and they are always polite and courteous . once i came in rather worn out from a long day of finals studying and the barista made me a beautiful intricate cup of hot chocolate . that 's the kind of excellent and caring service that this cafe provides and that i appreciate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good atmosphere for studying or relaxing . prices are reasonable in my opinion . i got the sienna turkey wrap for lunch on a saturday . it is very large and comes w one side . this is a cold wrap , and it is very very good , with a combo of ingredients that make it stand out over other `` normal '' wraps . i got the `` aroma salad '' as a side . it has goat cheese , nuts , berries and of course greens . this is n't what i usually like ( nuts and berries in a salad ) , but it comes with house dressing , and it was very good as well . total for the wrap and side ( not including drink , as i got a free glass of water you pour yourself ) was about $ 8 . that 's a good deal in my opinion , as 1 2 the wrap filled me up , and i 'm a guy . it could easily be split between 2 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go to coffee shop . i love it here ! the general manager is a real cool dude . i like the coffee , the lattes , the teas , it is all good here . i do go here solely for drinks , though . i have never eaten the food here . but i always get recommendations from other regular customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this cafe is wonderful ! the atmosphere is bright and cheery , the coffee is wonderful ( especially the iced soy mocha ) , and the staff is always super courteous . there is a nice patio in back to enjoy outside seating and there is always great art on the walls : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you jerry for making my decaf cafe ' latte one of the best i have had in cu ! i will return to try out some of the good looking items on your menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best coffee place in champaign . both the coffee and the service are excellent . they also do a nice line in baked goods , so it 's a great place to get a break and a snack - plenty of seating , so you can work here on the free wifi while you munch on your scone and sip your americano ( by the way , it did n't take the staff long to know exactly what i was going to ask for ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i asked the staff what the best flavor was for the coffee ( since they have so many ) , and they created me the most delicious thing ever . it was some kind of mocha toffee iced coffee , and i 've been dreaming of it ever since i graduated and moved away from champaign . also , their mac and cheese is the bomb , even though you have to microwave it yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "admittedly tried to go to kopi first and was immediately turned away by the sign on the door that said no wifi on weekends . fine , fine ... so off to aroma we went and glad we landed here . it 's not quite the cozy place kopi seemed to be but the coffee is good and i like the fireplace area in the back near where we sat . staff was also quite friendly even though it was pretty early on a sunday morning . and oh yeah , they have wifi on the weekends . one thing they could cut back on is the muzak going in the background . maybe the rest of the clientele like the slow jazz , dunno .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the drinks are pretty good and if you sit inside , the drinks are in actual mugs instead of the paper cups . the atmosphere is good for studying , lots of room and pretty quiet . the downside was that they insisted on leaving the door open when it was 30 degrees outside . while the kitchen may have been 90 degrees , i 'm sure they could have managed to cool the kitchen down without blasting the tables in front of the door with cold air . people kept closing the door but someone would come out of the kitchen and open it again . i got a runny nose from the cold :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome coffee and espresso drinks . i also love the cuban pork sandwich . it was yummy . the staff is friendly and helpful . the place itself is cozy , bright , and warm . next time i should bring something to read and just chill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to aroma to have lunch and study . a failure on both counts . i ordered a surprisingly small amount of food for about 8 dollars . the quality was meh , and i had to order more to get full . if i 'm going to spend 10-12 dollars on lunch , i can have much more satisfying experiences elsewhere . studying was difficult . the embarrassing light jazz track that they were playing was way too loud , and much more appropriate for , say , a hotel lobby than a downtown cafe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "aroma is great ! great service , coffee , food , music , atmosphere , and outdoor area ! five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe aroma was a very pleasant place to kill time for a few hours . the food was good ( i had a pesto and tomato grilled sandwich - yum ! ) and so was the coffee . the people were very nice . seemed like a smaller seating area and less of a cozy atmosphere compared with cafe kopi around the corner . otherwise the two were comparable and i could happily spend time in either one again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love aroma - the food , the staff , the music , the atmosphere . everything is great ! excellent for getting coffee with friends or studying in a group or alone . the coffee is so good . the soups are delicious and comforting - especially in the winter ! i usually get the sienna turkey wrap - it 's my favorite thing here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice quick downtown lunch spot . went there because they were included on my will member benefit card . i 'd been there before for coffee - which is also good . i had a cup ( generous portion ) of the roasted red pepper soup special and a portobello toast - artfully assembled open face sandwich . my companion had a cup of jambalaya and turkey toast and a cup of tea . there were quite a few customers enjoying the cozy atmosphere and free wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing good here everything . having usual 2 shots expresso , pour over readymade coffee w lots honey , smoked salmon wrap , tomato bisque soup . wow . live music tonight is nice . will absolutely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . free wi-fi , great array of tables chairs couches , fireplace , outdoor space in the back , nice ambiance , and great friendly service . while they play music on the overhead speakers , it 's not intrusive at all . they make a fabulous latte ( hot or iced ) and i am liking their updated lunch menu a lot . this is my go-to for coffee and a nice , relaxing place to sit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has got to be the best staff i have ever encountered at a cafe-style restaurant . they are beyond nice and helpful , always giving compliments and lots of smiles . they are happy to help you make a decision and tell you all about the different types of coffee and food options ! so wonderful and will brighten your day . next , the food and drinks are so delicious and extremely well priced for the large portions . they have plenty of healthy and vegetarian options , which can be hard to find these days . the coffee is so delicious and they even offer refills on certain drinks . i am so impressed with aroma and love everything about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cute cafe . pretty good breakfast . very good coffee . very clean . lots of two-person tables and five or six larger tables . good lighting and ambiance . pretty warm at about 74 degrees i 'd say . free meters nearby on weekends and a pay parking lot about 100 yards away during week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "treats artists and their works horribly . apparently storing art in a moldy basement where the work becomes damaged is acceptable to them ... .and then ... .refusing to compensate for the mistakes . artists beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disclaimer im writing this review on my memories from literally living in this place 5+ years ago . with that said ... ... i finished my college career at this place ! in a year , i think i spent more time here than my own room ! their coffee is amazing ... and the price is right for college students and those on a budget . their carb selection along with special menu items were always fresh . : ) i do recall them having awesome salsas ! i think i was about 3 americanos deep and needed to cleanse the coffee scum out of my mouth.. ( eww , gross , sorry ) . they had a mango salsa special on the board and i have been making my mango salsa as they did ever since ( or try to.. hehe ) . i miss this place . it 's small , cozy , the staff there were always friendly and their music selection was always on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here from the bay area , the second largest coffeehouse metropolis outside of possibly seattle . my first week in town consisted primarily of the hunt for `` the right '' coffee shop where the words `` extra foamy '' meant the wet foam , not dry , to provide a perfect foundation for latte art . if you know latte , then you must know cafe aroma . the consistency from barista to barista is not the same , so i send a word of caution . i have my favorite latte rainmaker , and i ask him for his schedule so i can come when he 's there . i 'm serious . the owner also is there often , and he absolutely knows what he is doing when it comes to making the perfect latte . things like this are too important to play with . go straight to cafe aroma and save yourself $ 30 of bad experimentation at the other coffee shops in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice charming cafe in dt champaign . black coffee is good . not sure about their specialty drinks though , never tried it . only knock against aroma is that my wifi connection would n't work after 2 hrs , but other people 's seem to work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing atmosphere , delicious coffee and lattes , and the service is great . cafe aroma is a much better option than cafe kopi , which is not as clean and always much more crowded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before there was aroma , i thought iced vanilla lattes were supposed to taste bitter and burnt ( thank you espresso royale ... ) . now i know they are supposed to be sweet , creamy , fragrant , and oh so good . aroma has some of the best coffee i 've ever had ( but it 's definitely not cheap ) , as well as a variety of delicious real food . store is cute , with a nice patio out back , but it 's not the biggest place and if you 're looking for a place to study and it 's after lunch , you 'll probably be out of luck here . otherwise , it 's one of my favorite places to camp out ( provided i woke up early enough on a saturday morning ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food , service and atmosphere are all well above average . i can only speak for their `` sexy toast '' and aroma salad , but their food is colorful , flavorful and downright impeccable for the price . certainly a step above typical cafe meals . the cashiers and baristas have always been sweet , and always seem to be in a chipper mood . their atmosphere is perfect for studying , reading , or simply grabbing a bite to eat and people-watching . the purple ambiance is comfortable , and the local artists ' work on the walls ( which are available for purchase ) add a personal touch . one of my favorite spots in aroma is the northwest corner : a relaxing nook with oversized chairs and a loveseat , perfect for reading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by chance i stopped in at aroma as a lady was sitting outside the cafe and her food looked so yummy ! inside the restaurant the walls are filled with art . such a wonderful addition to the restaurant . but most excitingly , the food was sooo good ! i had the combo of the caprese wrap with a cobb salad . very good prices for this quality and quantity of food . there was a half of an avocado on my salad ! if i was in the area again , i would likely get the full salad rather than a combo . the only thing i would wish they would work on is the time it took for me to receive my food . it was a bit long for a wrap and salad when the location was not very busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can my review only be two words ? cobb salad ! well , here 's a few more words . friendly efficient staff , warm atmosphere , and other good food . coffee is pretty good , but i prefer my coffee from another spot . i 'm also empress with the wraps . i guess , i really dig the food from time to time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a cute cafe . this is the kind of place i would n't mind coming to one morning with a book , sitting down with a cup of coffee , and reading for hours while drinking my way through a couple more cups and a muffin or pastry . just wish it was closer to campus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i actually had a friend who was trying to get me to join ( well not a friend the individual was talking to me for only this purpose which i later found out ) ... i found out it was later like wake up now ... ... it cost 300 $ to get in ... . the person they refer me to was trying so hard to influence me to join he was talking so fast explaining for an whole hour non stop without getting any breaks ... ..making everything sound so good until at the end ... btw its 300 $ to start ... . hell no ! they drinks alone is expensive if your just interesting in buying the products it self ... ... .. the drink is nothing more then fruit juice that has crushed up vitamins in it ... ..you can even taste the vitamins that is crushed inside the drink especially when you get to the bottom of the drink", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid this company at all cost . this is a network marketing company and i had the misfortune of talking with one of its distributors by the name of shawn stoik . his despicable behavior included insulting my intelligence as well as my religion all because i simply told him i was not interested in vemma . any company that continues to allow a person such as him to represent them should be avoided .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am sure the product is probably as good as other energy drinks out there , but the `` sales '' branch of it is scammish . i just wanted other individuals to hear this because i had come across this business over the internet and on craig 's list . i was asked to look at a website with videos and these are like 20 minute videos . sure the guy whom i was suppose to text said that it was not sales oriented , but referral . just another scam out there wanting people to refer products and you make only as much money , as the amount of people you refer . sounds like sales to me . not commission , but referral commission ( think pyramid scheme ) . if this is something that sounds good to you , great..maybe you can break even . but to me , they need to find another way to advertise their products , not the scam way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their product is great because of their vemma juice i have felt better and my diabetes is not an issue anymore", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a scam , it was always a scam . glad to see government doing their job and shutting down their little cult culture , a sight for sore eyes . now that they 've gotten such bad national publicity , their major sponsor the suns have dropped them like a bad habit , and their brainwashed customers are starting to wake up , it 's all over . does n't matter what happens on the 15th , they are done !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised to find a place in the mall that served pad-thai noodles . the staff was very friendly and the food was good ! i 'll definitely return and try another entree .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love noodles & company , but i do not love this location . everything is disposable because it 's in the mall , so it 's more wasteful . and because of the seemingly smaller containers , it feels like you 're getting less food . there 's a separate eating area for noodles patrons , so i do n't see why they ca n't keep that nice feel like at other locations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here surpassed my expectations . everything was plated well and the flavor was divine . i got the alfredo montamore and the korean bbq meatballs and my wife got the korean noodles . probably the best we 've ever had . very impressive for a mall food court .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very expensive for what you get . i work in the mall , so it 's very convenient to eat here , and pretty quick too . the staff are very competent and polite . however , it 's about 10 dollars for a regular sized bowl of noodles with no additions . if you do decide to add chicken , it is very very obviously frozen and tasteless . the texture is plasticy . i ususally get the steak stroganoff , which is hit or miss . i really love it about half the time , and the other half it tastes bland . they do have sriracha sauce out and available , which is nice . i 've been trying to eat healthy lately and there is n't much of a selection in the food court , so i got a chicken ceasar salad . it was over 10 dollars , and was very disappointing . it was almost entirely large clumps of lettuce , and had a few pieces of the previously mentioned chicken . the dressing was okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time there last night . loved their wisconsin chess steak sandwich and chicken noodle soup . fast service better than any other food court option . employees friendly and attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service friendly store clean service fast . portion in bowl was terrible . barely thin layer to cover bowl bottom ( was a small ) and small drink just ordered butter noodlesand it was almost nine dollars ! for that amount i could ave gone to sarku next door and got noodles with chicken teriyaki and veggies and a medium drink ! shame on you noodles and company . shame on you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this restaurant october 14th 2015 and had buttered noodles . the place was a great place to eat . i highly recommend it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did people read in post gazette business column on march 4,2017 edition that noodles were closing ? about time ! its a ripoff and worse food too . not even worth a star is this place closed yet ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here for the first time today when visiting south hills . the service was friendly and the food was delicious ! i got the spicy korean noodles and they were extremely good . they are indeed spicy so be prepared . he got the alfredo montamore . we also shared a shareable of the korean bbq meatballs . the food portions were decently sized . he was able to eat all of his and the meatballs but i struggled lol . next time i 'll have to get the small size rather than the regular . our total was $ 27 with food and two drinks which was pretty cheap to us . we definitely will come back with friends . we 're also excited for national mac and cheese day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is the bomb . i work in the mall so i visit them frequently . the employees are super nice , especially heather ! they are always helpful and friendly . the pasta is pretty good , and when i 'm burned out on the other fast food in the mall , it really hits the spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by for a quick lunch . food is cooked to order , so you receive a much fresher plate than the close by alternatives . it is part of the malls food court though , so generally noisy and surrounded by screaming kids !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey , if you have a big sign requesting to order online , maybe you should have the app working . it 's busy today at the mall and i have to get to work . tried to order ahead with my family only to get the entire order denied because the app is n't working . now i have to wait in a long line after we took the time to look through the app to order . to boot -- employees do n't even care to try to fix the app or tell a member of leadership . thanks for wasting my time . this is the most inconsistent n & c i 've ever encountered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have a national home warranty claim which they assigned to hawkeye appliance repair . i called national home warranty on 12 21 16 , hawkeye came out on 12 23 16 and said they needed to order parts . i called hawkeye on 12 30 16 they said parts should be in today and they will be out on saturday 12 31 16 to install - nobody shows up or calls . i call on 1 6 17 supposedly still waiting for parts . i call on 1 13 17 supposedly still waiting on parts . now i know there were holidays involved , but it should not take 3 weeks to get parts . meanwhile , my pool likes like ____ because the filter has n't run for over 3 weeks . now i had no choice because national home warranty assigned these folks to me , but if you have a choice go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update to prior review- do not use this company ! they were hired through my homeowners but so far it has taken 3 weeks to get my refrigerator 'fixed ' and it 's still not fixed ! i called the appliance company and they could care less . i just hope american home shield quits using them ! this is the worst service i have ever received . i had to throw out the food in my refrigerator twice and take 1 2 day off of work and now i still do n't have a refrigerator !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . i waited 3 months for them to fix my dishwasher . if you like wasting your money throwing it down the drain call hawkeye appliance . if you appreciate your sanity time money ... . go somewhere else . i would have been better off hiring a friend that knows nothing about appliance repair at least they would have shown up . oh and to add injury to the insult when you call they pretend to be sorry . to make it seem as though they will put a rush and it never happens however it always happens go somewhere else with your money trust me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great company ! vincent was prompt and very helpful . he made sure i knew exactly what he was doing and they are very reasonably priced . i spoke to both bridget and yolla in the office and they are very personable and professional . i will definitely be using them again for any future repairs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hawkeye appliance are angels in disguise . i got home and my air conditioner was blowing hot air . the first company i called gave me an appointment for 6 days out ( of course it is the busiest season ) . i called hawkeye and they were able to give me one for saturday . a little while later yola called back and told me they could get me in for the next morning ! ! ! randall came and he was beyond knowledgeable , professional and courteous ! he was able to diagnose the problem and actually fix it in the same day due to availability of parts and my home warranty approval . excellent customer service and skill ! thank you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they basically lie to my insurance company telling them but after they looked at it i had somebody else look at it they 're not to be trusted if they could not fix my dishwasher they should have just said that", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great company , friendly staff and amazing pricing . my whirlpool washer went out and my dryer kept stopping in the middle of loads and eventually gave out on me as well . the tech joshua came out to diagnose both appliances each appliance needed one part . less than a week i received a phone call from yola letting me know she received the parts and is ready to schedule a install . process was done in a timely manner both the tech and scheduling were amazing . highly recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and helpful office staff but the technicians are what i am writing about ! i had 2 gentlemen that came and diagnosed my oven , got the part that day and came back the next afternoon to finish it . they worked with me on the time i was available and were so informative and explained everything ! will be using them again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super fast , friendly , and awesome . had my dishwasher looked at because it would n't turn on . it 's all fixed and the drain is all clear . thank you for the fast fix , awesome service , and great pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just awful . after 3 service calls with not one of 3 parts between 2 appliances installed and additional damage to dishwasher ( broken clip ) , they made an appointment for a 4th service call and did not show up . i rescheduled for the next day , and they did not show up again . note to owner : if you question my review 's integrity i am glad to update this with a detailed account of how everything transpired since i already prepared it to get ahs send me a competent company . oh , and thanks for wasting my time over 5 scheduled service calls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a horrible experience . they were called to repair a viking dishwasher . they came over 3-4 times and ordered 2 different parts . when the parts finally came in , the repair guy did some work , then just left without saying anything . we had water all over the floor , the floor was damaged from him carelessly removing the dishwasher , the bottom section of the dishwasher was n't put back , and he left hoses disconnected . on top of all this , the dishwasher still was not working . we called them to come back and clean the mess and finish fixing the dishwasher , but they refused . we ended up calling a different company and it was repaired in minutes , and we found out the repair parts were not needed . stay away , they are not worth the hassle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the shoppers that i go to for all my prescriptions . their automated telephone system is excellent ... i used it the other day to have them contact my doctor in order to renew a prescription and it worked brilliantly . it was quick , easy and i did n't have to speak to anyone ! the next time i was in , my prescription was ready for pick up . it 's quite a large store and was renovated a couple of years ago . they have a large makeup section at one end and a mini grocery area at the other end ( but larger than i 've seen at other shoppers locations ) ... and just about everything you could ever want in between ! there is also a canada post outlet here as well . pretty much one stop shopping .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this shoppers is great to shop at . everyone is friendly and so helpful . i use the post office here frequently and never had a bad experience . my go to shoppers in the pickering area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in here and it was empty . that should have been a clue to leave . there is one employee working here on a monday night . he was very dry and not welcoming . a line quickly formed behind me . anyways i asked him if the bread was soft and he said it was . upon getting home , the ends were crunchy and flaky . this was on a non-toasted sandwich . they were out of pepper jack cheese . ridiculous ! my footlong meatball was good except for the one burnt old meatball ! we wo n't be back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bad start as soon as i opened the door . the bell that goes off is about level with your ear and must be turned all the way up as it was so loud ! i make eye contact with a woman sitting in a chair behind the counter on the phone . she glances up when the bell goes off then looks away . i go up to the counter and she continues to talk on the phone . she does n't even acknowledge my presence . after waiting for a good two minutes for her to do her job i ring the bell that is sitting on the counter . i hear her continue to talk on the phone . after about another minute she stands up and walks in front of me still on the phone . finishes her story then hangs up . 'christina ' as her name tag reads then continues to make the worlds slowest sandwich and just dumps all the ingredients on one part of the sandwich . classy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place sucks . the employees are very rude and you can tell they do n't give a shit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "arrived about 4:30 pm this afternoon . pleasant staff- who prepared our sandwiches fairly quickly . got two 6 `` turkey & ham subs with all the fixings . both were fresh 'n tasty ! remember to keep your receipt . few coupons offered on it as well as if you take their survey , your receive promotional offers and a free cookie on your next visit..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've written probably 5 reviews on 5 different subways , and they are all pretty much the same . that 's a good thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst subways in the area , from pricing to out of stuff all the time , to rude employees , both subways in the area are much better sorry subway ; (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today i had very little time for a lunch so i ordered a sub online at my nearby subway . when i walked in to pick up the sandwich the lady at the counter said she never got my order . i tried to show her my order confirmation i had on my phone but she immediately called her superior while ignoring me . i asked if i could have the sandwich i ordered but she kept saying she never got the order . i had receipt of payment and a confirmation number she refused to look at . since i was in a hurry , hence why i ordered online , i had to go ! so i left five dollars poorer and no sandwich . sadly i do n't think i 'll be going back to this location which is a shame since it was two minutes walking distance from my work . still waiting for refund . i complained through the app . i 'm still very hungry and have a few hours of my shift left before i 'll have time to get food . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to the subway on gilbert road several times now for breakfast . the service is good and the people behind the counter are very attentive but their toasting oven is a little tired . if you order the breakfast sandwich with egg , bacon and cheese on flatbread you need to ask them to toast it twice because if you do n't , you 'll probably get egg that is cold in the middle .. yuke ! .. the good news is that if you make that request they do n't hesitate and they do it for you .. they really need a new toaster over in my opinion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location and great subs if you are into healthy eating . i have to eat subway once a week so i can be like jared .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got another dog from a shelter about three months ago . he was 2 years old and did n't know any commands and showed some aggressive tendencies . we decided to do in home training and have been using marc , gibson 's canine , since then . our dog has done a complete 180 . he knows all the commands ( sit , stay , down , etc ) and can be around other dogs now on a leash with no aggressive behavior . i like marc 's training methods because he uses treats and positive re-enforcement to train the dog . he does a thorough job of training not only the dog but the owners as well . i would recommend him to anyone thinking of utilizing a dog obedience trainer . he is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my lucy lou was an out of control basset hound . with marks guidance she is not only changed her ways but he helped us to discover why she was insane in the membrain and how to help us to control her . he has also trained all my other dogs since then and will be the only trainer i ever use as long as im in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! i have 2 dogs , we were ready to get them new homes due to i had daycare and they were so unruly to let near my daycare kids . we wanted family dogs who could live with us and be our furbabies . i had hired a trainer before i wont mention names but no luck he did nothing . we finally decided to hire a trainer 1 more time and if it did n't work we could n't keep them because you cant keep them on a dog run all day in the summer or winter . mark made our dogs are wonderful furbabies . they are great with the kids and a real part of the family . we are grateful to him ! ! highly recommended by us for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had two very unruly golden retrievers with marks guidance they went from wild to mild . mark taught them the commands and then he taught us how to use them and to be consistent . our boys are much better citizens without losing any of their joyful dispositions . i would recommend mark 's canine classroom to anyone looking for an excellent trainer that cares about helping you train your furry family member .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark trained our extremely energetic rhodesian ridgeback . he learned all of his basic commands and so obedient at home . teaching such a distracted pup to heel was pretty amazing . zulu loved him . so did we .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to get a new business head shot for work and you would think that would be easy right ? wrong ! over the past several years , i have spent money on shots that were `` meh '' at best . after doing some of research i located bazemore studios and..wow ! i just finished my session and was very happy with the proofs i reviewed during my shoot . bryan is a great photographer who is incredibly patient , creative and gives good direction during the session . he has a fantastic eye and was incredibly helpful as we were walking through the shots i liked and did not like . the only problem ? i liked most of the shots so it was hard to whittle them down to a few favorites . i highly recommend bazemore studios and look forward to working with bryan again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did free headshots for retiring separating military members new to charlotte area ... bryan was awesome ! highly recommend , very professional and image quality was perfect ! thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bryan is an exceptional photographer . i needed head shots done for work , and the shots he captured far exceeded my expectations . i am quite possibly the most unphotogenic person ever , but bryan was exceptional at posing me so that the shots looked natural . i 've never had better pictures . also , i brought multiple wardrobe changes and he was so accommodating : we took pictures in multiple looks to ensure i got exactly what i wanted . this was the best photography experience i 've ever had ; bryan is the photographer in charlotte for head shots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bryan did a great job . he offered several options for backgrounds and lighting . very pleased with the results . i have recommended to fellow employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bryan was such a wonderful and professional presence at our recent 400 attendee corporate conference in charlotte , nc . he supplied both head shots and session photos . he was always quick to respond to any questions , and even supplied the post-event photos within a matter of days ! i was very impressed and would highly recommend brazemore studios !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking through the bryan bazemore website , i knew the creativity and unique shots in the portfolio were exactly what i was searching for to update my professional headshot . i am relocating to texas but before i left , on my to do list was to make an appointment if possible . bryan made time to schedule me in for a headshot session . through every step ( i.e . suit color , positioning ) he created a fantastic final product . i do n't do well in front of a posed shot , with the experience and creativivity that bryan has , i knew he captured exactly what i was looking for in my professional headshot . thanks bryan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally made out to joe 's farm grill for the first time today . we both have been eating healthy at home for the last couple of weeks and decided to treat ourselves today ! we both ordered the farm burger and the sweet potatoes fries and we shared some onion rings ... oh my , these bad boys are crazy unhealthy for you but so good . this place did live up to the hype and the burgers were both tasty and fresh . give it a try if you are in the mood for gourmet fast food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was good ... but not great . on my first visit , i had a waffle that was not fully cooked all the way through . thought i would give them a second try and had the bbq chicken pizza which was completely burnt on all the edges but the rest was really good . hot dogs were the best food i have had there . the buns are amazing and the fries are really good . i will be back to try more items on the menu but only for lunch , no more breakfast !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg ! ! ! that 's what comes to mind when you taste the food here ! fresh , fast service , atmosphere is great , even the bathroom are cool ! i had the b-b-q chicken pizza , which was to die for ! nice crispy crust , lots of chicken , w green onions and of course b-b-q sauce . the hubby had their bacon w blue cheese burger , which was equally as good . after walking the grounds for 1 2 hr to get our meal down , we ordered a chocolate shake.. yummy ! ! ! this place is a real treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what guy saw in this place . it was a hit and a miss for us . some folks probably like it more than others , some do n't . not so much in the quality of items just in the preparation . both times we went it fell short . there 's a lot on the menu , give it a try see what you think . i 'm not saying do n't go , just do n't get your hopes up to high . some of the items we had were wedge salad , fontina burger , grilled cheese , pepperoni pizza , onion rings , chocolate malt , strawberry lemonade . if nothing else sit outside and enjoy the nice atmosphere with friends and family .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just ok , had better . staff was great . i had the bbq bacon blue burger , it was ok , fries were ok , would have had the onion rings but they were out . like the location , maybe i 'll try the coffee and breakfast if i go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love joe 's farm grill ! food is very fresh and several items are locally grown from agritopia . the prices are reasonable . there 's usually a lunchtime rush , so you may be standing in line for a while around lunchtime , other than that , this place is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall i enjoyed the food and the outdoor setting . while it fell a bit short of a 5 star rating , i would n't hesitate to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has always been a cool spot to go to . we have been going for years and it has been a staple of great food and service . the atmosphere of the place is awesome . love the huge trees everywhere and when the weather is nice it 's great to sit out there and enjoy your meal and the company . ca n't go wrong going here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing . my husband and i went , we had farm burgers , garlic fries , onion rings , a milk shake order the milk shake , and a fried banana split sandwich . the food was amazing , the vegetables were crisp and perfect . i would drive the hour from one side of town to the other for this place any night of the week it was phenomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so so glad yelp reminded me about this place . its really a farm grill , on a farm and so fun to eat at . i like to walk around the place after i 'm done eating ribs and waffles for that old time feel . quaint , charming , and good eats nothing to complain about here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was taken here by a client , who swore it was great . before we got in , he asked - do you know yelp.com ? i said yes . i love places like this . not high on price or high price atmosphere . i love great food . this place delivered . our dishes included : - grilled cheese ( was amazing ) - bbq chicken special - excellent ! ! - grilled pizza - huge and amazing - burger - also amazing . the surroundings are fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is so good . they have a lot of choices and it is nice that they have some healthier options as well . not that i took advantage of them , but my sister in law did . she just ate chicken and asparagus . it can get expensive . i was a little bit bummed when she asked me if regular fries were ok or if i wanted something else . she made it sound like i had choices of what kind of side i wanted , then found that i was charged extra for onion rings . the food we got was delicious and filling , and my wife got a $ 10 credit because we went for lunch on her birthday . the atmosphere there is cool . the weather was nice so we ate outside , but they do have indoor seating as well . it stands alone so there is nice surroundings and big trees to look at while you are eating . the line is always pretty long when i go , but usually moves pretty quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough good about this place . kid friendly , amazing food and atmosphere . still trying to figure out what 's going on in the bathrooms , though . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never been before but was very impressed . got the ahi salad and it was substantial- not just in size , but in variety of vegetables . the place 's draw is the locally grown vegetables . everything was awesome and tasty . the big complaint- flies . we were inside and flies were driving me crazy . that 's the only reason i did n't rate this a 5. food is awesome", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i had the privilege of attending a private pre-launch ( my mom went to high school with one of the owners ) and it was one helluva drive for us , but worth it nonetheless . diner food is what to get here ; for ribs go to joe 's real bbq . burgers are amazing , chicken pesto sandwich was perfect , tender and juicy . neat little place . too bad it is such a far drive for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my sister introduced us to joe 's farm grill , it 's right by her house . we 've been here for breakfast and dinner and the food is delish ! what makes it so great is that everything they make is fresh from their farm , the restaurant sits on the actual farm . everything on the menu is good , my favorite is the fontina burger and when i order it with the beet salad instead of fries . i also love their sweet potato fries and their breakfast is also great . the prices and serving sizes are reasonable you never leave this place feeling stuffed and heavy . i highly recommend it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . love the southwest burger . great to see the owners in there chatting customers and helping out in the kitchen as well . lemonade is amazing ! best i 've had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as usual i loved my favourite bbq . this time i had the sliced brisket . this was so yummy the crust in the meat was perfect and very little fat . i discovered the cheesy potatoes my new favourite side . i actually think the other sides are not so good the only consistent downside of the meal is the bread . what ever they spray on the grill or the bread just leaves a really bad taste on the bread . the bread would be a wonderful vehicle to sop up extra sauce but the taste of the oil ( whatever it is ) . leaves such a bad taste i usually throw the bread away . i always get the bread in hope the bad taste has gone", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the food . the place was awesome . great ambiance and incredibly fresh tasty food . the place has a really cool vibe and was super charming . the orange trees were blossoming so it felt like a warm night in so cal , w o the smog . i had a grilled buffalo chicken sandwich with a side of slaw and the table shared a standard portion of rosemary onion rings . the food was great ! ! ! my buddies had the burger w brie cheese ( i think ) and they liked it too . if you want good food , at happening spot where the locals go , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten lunch here before and enjoyed it very much . this is the first time i had breakfast and we were all very disappointed . i had the belgium waffle w 2 sausage links added 2 eggs scrambled and a fountain drink . $ 15 for everything . something was added to my eggs that gave it a different taste and texture that i did not enjoy . 2 different types of pancakes were ordered , the buttermilk were the only ones anyone liked . my son in law had an omelette that he could not eat because of a funky taste . my waffle should have cooked for another minute or two .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i want to start off my saying , we 've have always enjoyed coming here . and will continue to come here . my favorite time to come is around the winter time here in arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be careful with substitutions . substitutions : not a fan of how they up charge vegetarians . most places do n't charge extra for a vegetarian substitution . if you take a non-veggie burger here like the fontina burger and substitute for the veggie patty , you pay $ 2 more . the fact that this happened on my birthday made it all the worse . there were a number of vegetarians in our group . food : the veggie burger was typical . garlic fries were good and quite garlicky . onion rings were good and had a subtle hint of dill flavor . not sure if we will be back given the extra charges for vegetarians .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awful and a greece pit . there hamburgers used to be great and now they have no flavor . fries were cold . kids meals was also cold.. a waste of money and had to eat elsewhere . we through our food away after a couple of bites", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food . the asian chicken salad ws tasty . lots of seating outside but the flies almost ran us out of there . will sit inside next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , the food is truly straight off the farm . it is so fresh and you can actually see where they grow the food . it takes a bit to get your food , that 's because you use them prep and actually make your food , instead of it being pre-made processed crap . i will defiantly becoming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe 's farm grill in agritopia is amazing . i 've been there twice now . a bit of a drive east , but worth it for the food and atmosphere . today we had the 4b burger , farm burger and the homemade caramel pecan shake . my 4b burger was outstanding with just the right texture and flavor . i dipped it in the ranch dip they have and it was awesome . my gal loved her farm burger as well and said that the beef was delicious and could tell it was fresh and the grill flavor was great . then the shake ... it 's like a creamy delicious piece of pecan pie with vanilla ice cream . joe 's is at this old farm land site and has these quaint gardens around the grill surrounded by the farm fields and the neighborhoods of agritopia . if you 're in the not in the east valley then i definitely suggest it 's worth the drive . if you 're in the east valley and have n't been , get off you 're tush .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is great place to bring the family and let the kids roam outside while you sit on a bench and watch . the food is good and the service ( behind the window ) is friendly . the food network came here with guy fieri . guy likes the food and says their onion rings are `` captial k krunchy ! '' . i normally come for breakfast . love the breakfast tacos with bacon . who does n't love bacon ? the combo of pesto and sour cream which are both topped on the tacos really bring it to a whole new level . delicious coffee . i wish i could take a full carafe home . the inside of the restaurant is usually packed and patrons need to fill the tables outside . with days like today , when it is beautiful outside ... i 'd rather be outside anyways . if you have n't been to joe 's farm grill , you owe it to your family and self to get out here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my son here for his birthday meal since they give the birthday person $ 10 free . i got the salmon carder salad and it was amazing . i loved it ! the milk shakes are also terrific . in the summer during lunch you can wait a bit for a table since it is too hot to sit outside . also , during the winter at lunch expect long lines . but this restaurant puts out great food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is just adorable ! great for families . the food is a+ , facilities are clean and the staff is friendly . severing sizes are plenty for two with a wide variety on the menu to please everyone . i usually get the shrimp and coleslaw platter , the shrimp are huge and the coleslaw is delicious . we 've been to joe 's about 15 times or more and have never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i need to go back ! nice wholesome food and veggie options . huge portions . you order at a window and can site outside or inside tables . they also have a farm adjacent to the building , a working farm . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joes farm food is excellent . food is fresh and delicious . breakfast is just as good as lunch . great place to sit outside and enjoy the scenery with your family . staff is friendly and helpful , i recommend coming here anytime you are in the area for some good ole ' american food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had bbq sampler , fontina burger w beet salad . it cost me $ 26 . everything was extremely mediocre . ribs were too smoky , the breaded chicken smothered in bbq sauce tastes ok , and the pulled pork was nothing to write home about . the fontina burger was meh , you could only taste the pesto and the mushrooms . beet salad was n't very good , it was pretty ok . the best thing that i had was the 3 onion rings that came with my bbq sampler . if i come here again , i 'll get an order of onion rings and a milkshake . great ambience w picnic tables , outdoor seating , and misters .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is good . i love the outdoor seating . dogs playing in the dog play areas . farm view . great food . lots of seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go if you 're in a rush ! great food but horribly long wait every time . i enjoy the outside seating and love that dogs are welcome at the picnic tables . they only make enough pizza dough for the day so get there early if you want to give it a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always come here when i am in town . great spot for fresh and consistent food . worth the loooooong drive the gilbert . love the ahi tina sandwich , burgers , bbq pork and salads ... .all good . the only downside is that it so popular it is always crowded and they do n't really engage you as a customer . everyone that works there is behind a big wall of glass and the only people waking around are bus boys . they would do to engage customers a bit more to warm up the place . if you lower your expectations for warmth of service , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but not `` awesome '' as someone told us . i do have to say that it was fresh and the people were really nice . had the bbq pork sandwich - missing some flavor in my opinion . i would go back though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great fresh food . had a grilled peanut butter and banana split sandwich for a snack , it was really good . would like to try the place again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grilled buffalo chicken sandwich rocks . kids loved the grilled cheese as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! everything taste fresh and delicious . it is a bit pricey but our family loves it . the outdoor area is great and kids love it because they can run around and play ! sweet potatoe fries are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the atlanta falcon special , a chicken sandwich with waffle fries and coleslaw snd mini bottle of coke . they didnt have the mini available so they served me without the drink . i went back in tonask for it . my friend ordered the fried shrimp , with the baked bean special that had a $ 3 upcharge for a tiny cup of not boston baked beans . that was an overcharge by the cashier . the shrimp and chicken patty were amazing . the bun was delicious . but all in all , little flavor . onion rings were good . beans , colenslaw and waffle fries not good . i would give them 3.5 stars if i could .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everyone should eat here once . it was a little bit more expensive than i expected but i mean the food was great . i ordered the special which was like a bacon cheeseburger that day & my fiance\u00e9 got ribs ( which i ate half of ) . would highly recommend the ribs & sweet potato fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't get it . the food 's ok . it 's counter service , so nothing special there . everything i 've ever had there has been fine , but i always feel like i 'm paying 50 % more than it 's worth . try the ahi tuna sandwich , though . it 's almost reasonably priced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love joe 's farm grill ! best food in gilbert , az . the customer services is outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the farm grill . always fresh and tastes great . the only issue for me is waiting in line and going back up to get the food . i am disabled so it makes it challenging , but they always have staff that are helpful if i am not there with family or friends . yes , i go there alone because it is very good and i love looking at the huge trees and wishing i could have climbed them as a kid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pretty grounds and the relaxed down-on-the-farm atmosphere make this a great place to have lunch outdoors . the food is casual , tasty and the service friendly . it is very popular so , you might prefer to go there on off-hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . i 've been here for brunch and lunch , and the food is always really good and really fresh . most recently , i had waffles and bacon . so . good . the location and ambiance are also great . i like to think of it as the quintessential gilbert restaurant : family friendly , with that farm atmosphere . there 's plenty of outdoor seating , and it feels like you 're eating at the park or in someone 's spacious backyard . across the street there are some community gardens that i recommend strolling through .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here many times and have never had a disappointing meal , a little bit pricey yes but i have never had anything that i would not order again and again . everything is fresh and the menu has a good selection even for the kids . if you go you even have to check out the rest room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since moving to arizona , two years ago , we have eaten at joe 's many times . we moved into a new house last year , and ran to joe 's to eat and break up the backbreaking . my wife and i were both blown away by the food , and decided to make a trip back the next day for more . any time we have visitors , we always take them to joe 's , and almost always create new fans . some menu items of interest are the ahi burger , the 4b ( barbeque bacon blue-cheese burger ) , and the garlic fries . we have only been for breakfast twice , but the first time had the bacon and blue cheese pancakes . i have never had a better breakfast . the combination sounds weird , but the sweetness of the pancake and the syrup were an amazing contrast to the blue cheese and the salty bacon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so delicious ! you ca n't beat the atmosphere either . local businesses rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked the atmosphere of this place . i went a couple of weeks ago and the weather was nice to sit outside . i was n't really that hungry , so i had grill cheese . even if i got something really simple , it was really good . the fries were really good too ! must go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an all american place and a very unique concept . i always enjoy their burgers and their variety of french fries are great ! it 's a good place for families and kids . i really like the fact that everything is cooked fresh and tastes homemade . i ca n't wait to try their breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dined here in a small group party , i personally had a fontina burger and date shake . surrounded by an urban farm with indoor and outdoor seating , everything certainly tasted fresh . the burger was tasty and excellently grilled , the fries well-seasoned and neither dry nor mushy ; the shake was smooth and remained nicely chilled . the pizza had crispy thin crust and was delicious , not like big-name inner city joints with dripping grease , and the onion rings were crisp and fresh . great prices for portions too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a great place to have lunch outside this time of year ( march ) . we tried several menu items . the rib meal was yummy , as was the sonoran dog , garlic fries , and onion rings . the grilled wedge salad was satisfactory as well as the pepperoni pizza . be prepared to spend between $ 12- $ 15 a person . it was a nice place to try , but nothing i will drive over an hour to again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : cool place with a very unique atmosphere . food was good , not great . we had the fontina burger and the pesto chicken sandwich , fries and beet salad . cons : long drive unless you live way out in east gilbert . the wait was way too long for no reason . the line was long but nothing crazy . there was only one cashier even though there were two windows . this was at 12:30 pm on a tuesday so you 'd think they 'd at least have 2 cashiers going at that busy time . bottom line : it took us 30 minutes to drive there from elliot and 48th , we waited in line for another 30 minutes and our food came within 10 minutes . while the food was good , you can definitely find something as good if not better much closer to a central location , like the farm or house of tricks , which is very similar but with much better service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "breakfast is awesome too ! those flatbreads are amazing . i always order breakfast to go and eat at work.. so far had the chicken mushroom scramble and the veggie omelet . really loved the veggie omelet . both times with potatoes . yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had their fontina burger with onion rings . the burger was delicious , came with tomatoes , bell peppers , mushrooms , cheese , lettuce , and spinach . the onion rings were fried to a perfect crispiness . also tried a little bit of their ribs , coleslaw , garlic fries , and carnitas , all of which tasted delicious ! would definitely come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ribs and waffles anywhere . fun to sit outside . go here , you will like it for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the fontina burger , the history and the cool bathrooms . seriously , it 's good food . can get crowded at times , but always worth the wait . kids are addicted to the melted peanut butter sandwich", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is over priced for what is being served , i got a bbq chicken salad that was $ 10 lacked flavor everything is served in plastic and baskets lined in tin foil , very carnival food looking . got my kid a plain hotdog , $ 6 over charred he spit it out , the special was a pork tenderloin sandwich which had no seasoning to their batter wife did not finish it . to top it off cashier girls were snooty and one went out of her way to let me know that i placed my empty tray in the wrong spot . if you enjoy sitting on old park benches on the dirt and paying $ 40 for mediocre food have at it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cons : be prepared to wait in line for 40 minutes , even if the line is barely out the door . that does not include the time you spend waiting for your food ! combos do not mean drink is included . the man taking my order said , `` you can get ____ , ____ , lemonade ... . '' i assumed based on his question that the drink was included . otherwise , he should have asked , `` anything else ? would you like a drink ? '' lemonade is $ 4.07 . yikes ! upgrade to onion rings instead of fries $ 2.55 . lunch for one is almost $ 23 pros : the food tasted fresh , but the fish was not better than what i 've gotten elsewhere which would did not include 40 minutes in line + wait time + $ 4 drinks . it 's a lot of food and impossible to finish .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every year joe does a customer appreciation meal which brings out long lines that are worth it . delicious hamburgers and plenty of outside seating to enjoy , especially during the spring and winter months . beautiful gigantic trees provide plenty of shade . kid 's meals include a sucker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal ! fresh , local ingredients . nothing outlandish on the menu , but everything i tried was prepared to perfection . the chicken mushroom scramble is so flavorful and the skillet potatoes were a perfect accompaniment . the veggie omelet is packed with fresh veggies expertly prepared to maximize flavor . the apple fritters are out of this world ! al fresco dining under massive mature shade trees was the cherry on top . i 'll be returning with the family soon . thanks joes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place while walking around toronto . beer was very cold and the bartender was very quick and attentive . got the braised beef poutine and it was excellent . very friendly people working here and if in toronto would stop again for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed because i checked their web site and picked what i was going to enjoy before i went . got there and asked for the wednesday special , chicken and ribs combo ... .the website is useless ! ! ! the menu had changed completely although they seemed quite old . do n't rely on their website . i had a beer and left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice and cozy little pub underground . good prices , delicious food and great atmosphere ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was average . food , beer , prices , etc . the reviewers who have this place 5 stars are smoking crack . the people are very nice , so they get 2 stars instead of 1 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sean was phenomenal . hosted a party of 30 at a conference . amazing food and drink . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gord and i had supper before the toronto rock game this evening at the strath pub . roger and his dad , ben , went to the game with us and met us at the pub . gord ordered lemon pepper wings with a side caesar salad . he really liked the wings . roger and ben ordered a burger and fries . they said their meal was good and both finished everything . i ordered a buffalo chicken crunch sandwich ( with no cheese or lettuce ) . i 've had it before and it was delicious ! sean was our server and he treated us to some cheesecake . i 'm not a fan of cheesecake so gord ate mine . he said it was very good . as always , sean and tony ( who was bartending ) took excellent care of us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional service , great selection , local business , straightforward pricing , and gives back to the community . what else could you ask for ? an appreciation of the arts ? oh , they have that too . things i liked : great online communication and online scheduling reasonable prices ( esp if you do n't have vision insurance ! ) locally owned business in lawrenceville supports vision care for kids in the city through its own nonprofit initiative optometrist has decades of experience , saturday hours , and an amazing bedside manner . spent probably 45 minutes with my high-anxiety ass office manager is fun to talk to and adjusted my glasses ( that i did n't buy there ) gratis the decor ! things i did n't like ... i do n't know ... it was hot out that day ? get out of the mall and away from upmc optical and the other optical boutiques . save some $ $ and support pgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is clutch . grabbed two pairs of great frames with rx lenses for $ 100 total . their frames come in all sorts of styles , but i chose some fabulous oliver peoples knock-offs . everyone in the store is super nice and helpful . they did n't mind when i neurotically stopped in multiple times to try on frames before making a final decision ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did some research online and heard that the eyewear here was affordable . anyone who wears prescription eyeglasses knows that it can cost a pretty penny . unfortunately , i lost my old pair and was really bummed that i had to pay for another . to my surprise , i went when they had a sale and the glasses were 50 % off ! ca n't beat that so i bought two ! one pair was $ 40 and the other $ 100 , that 's including the discount . the plain lenses cost $ 100 . examination $ 60 . the doctor was very nice and thorough with my exam and the staff was awesome . i 'm so indecisive and they even helped me pick out my frames . my glasses came in within a week , it did n't take long . i love my new glasses ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got two great pairs of glasses here . i was also initially worried that i was not hip enough to be shopping in lawrenceville , but this is a wonderfully unpretentious non-profit . wide selection of affordable frames and much better than my eye doctor 's . i love my new frames !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're a vertically challenged lady , the cuts at uniqlo are perfect . it 's not always the most fashion forward brand , but you can grab all of your basics , especially winter basics , here in one quick stop . this new flagship location is large , airy and well laid out . i was here the week before christmas and it was the cleanest store in the mall by a mile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i first found this brand in nyc and have been following them around the world . i am unable to find the brand in my hometown of houston , so it 's quite fun to browse their stores whenever i get a chance . i was able to find an awesome jacket for an affordable price . their clothes fit me way better than h & m or zara .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not knowing what to expect when the signs went up for this store i was briefed that it is a japanese store which is expanding worldwide . thankfully the mad rush had worn out but there were still remnants of chaos that had ensued before . a tapped off entrance ( and exit ) with security . as for clothing hmm not sure what to say i guess it again falls on personal tastes i did n't like what i saw here and the craftsmanship did n't impress me . denim items fared a bit better i guess but i have made peace with one designer for denim and just stick to it for that brand . reasonable prices for winter clothing imo . its nice to see another international brand cropping up here ( japanese chic is always cool in my book ) as it provides one with another option to the mundane stores that are pretty much represented at every mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "uniqlo in toronto does n't have any gift cards ? ! ? ! i could n't believe with my ears when i was told that . is that how one of the most famous companies deal with customers ? especially now when christmas shopping days are in full effect ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "uniqlo is my favourite store when i visit to usa . come here to check some graphic tees , but unfortunately , there was n't a lot compared to the one in new york . however , i do love their heat tech clothing . it keeps me really warm during winter time since i do n't have a heater in my office ( someone stole my heater ) . the cashier told me that they will have more graphic tees design during spring summer . hopefully i can get my hand on some cool ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 2nd time today in this store . i 'd buy most of the women outfit if i can lol . the materials of every item is great , simple styles but definitely quality of their products are amazing . i 'm happy to have them in the downtown core- i 'm sure i 'll be shopping a lot here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty , nice , preppy clothes . conservative , trendy , great price points . no plus sizes xsm to xl . lots of people working . tidy and organised . they have an alternation service here . cool ! a pleasure to shop there", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorta like an overwhelmingly large , asian gap . and we all know the direction that gap is headed ... a few years ago , when i went to the manhattan store , uniqlo seemed like the shit . now , like 10yrs on , i do n't get the hype and nothing really appealed to me . then again , seeing a rack full of the same item is not a way i like to shop ! i do see the appeal , i.e . fashion forward basics , neutrals with budget-friendly prices , but again , not for me . the only thing that i 'd possibly buy would be the wireless bras and winter undergarments . that 's it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "having been to uniqlo stores in nyc , london and berlin , i was super excited about a store opening in canada . i was in toronto from alberta and came with a shopping list of items i 've bought before that i wanted again . they did n't have them ! jeans were sold out . wicking shirts not in stock . argh ! ! these are on the website so available but the store is poorly stocked . i 'm also disappointed that returns must be done in person . fine but what if you live across the country ! ? i bought some christmas gifts -- the fabulous lightweight down jackets -- and hope they fit but i wish they could introduce a mechanism for returns by mail . please work to make the canadian location as good as the others ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "uniqlo was n't as busy this time when i went to visit . i like that they always have new stuff coming in . now that it 's getting warmer their spring and summer clothing out . i tried on some of their warm weather clothing but did n't have enough time to decide which items to buy . so i 'll be back to try on more stuff and hopefully make a purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u591a\u4f26\u591a\u7ec8\u4e8e\u5f00\u4e86uniqlo , eaton\u7b2c\u4e00\u95f4\u5e97\u3002yorkdale\u662f\u7b2c\u4e8c\u95f4\u3002\u4e2a\u4eba\u89c9\u5f97yorkdale\u95f4\u597d\u901bd\u3002eaton\u5e97\u8fd1h & m\u679c\u8fb9\u8def\u9762\u7684\u95e8\u53e3\uff0c\u9694\u79bb\u7cfbnorthstorm.\u6b3e\u5f0f\u54c1\u79cd\u8fd8\u7b97\u53ef\u4ee5\u3002\u4ecd\u7136\u4e2d\u610fut\u7684\u9650\u91cf\u7248crossover , \u65f6\u4e0d\u65f6\u6709\u65b0\u641e\u4f5c\uff0c\u8010\u5514\u8010\u90fd\u4f1a\u770b\u4e2d\u4e70\u5de6", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i simply have to give uniqlo 5 5 to offset the people rating down for not having gift cards ( they do have them ! ) and for not carrying extra large sizes . note this : their dress shirts are awesome . regular $ 40 but on sale for $ 30 ... it 's a great deal , a great fit , and some of their dress shirts have really nice material . also lots of different styles and same variations ( ie . button down collar vs non button down collar ) . see pic for dress shirt texture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff working there are incompetent . i tried to do a return and each working stated a different reason to not accept it . even after the procured a receipt , they stared asking for the credit card i paid with .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sad lack of larger sizes . they clearly cater to smaller to average size people , leaving out a whole swath of other customers . yes , most stores do this to some extent but uniqlo is fairly blatant with it . many styles flat out do n't have larger sizes and for the ones that do , they tend to be out of stock on everything . it 's unfortunate because uniqlo could do well in canada if it actually made clothes for canadians", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally finally - a uniqlo in downtown toronto . i think i have been waiting years for you guys to arrive in my hood . what can i say ? a better version of gap in my opinion . great for basics . what sets these guys apart is some of their fabric innovations at very reasonable prices . their heat tec line for leggings is a great example . these leggings are as thin as cotton but retain heat especially well due to some cutting edge fabric technology . one improvement to be made- sometimes their clothes can be a bit boring , i think they should add a more trendy line into the mix . also , as usual- us canadians get totally whacked by the exchange rate . retailers always mark up significantly when they move north of the border . sigh what can we do ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty large service plaza with several fast food restaurants ( kfc , pizza hut express , panera bread , burger king , starbucks ) , a tourism information booth , an ohio souvenir gift and shop with snacks and drinks , various video game machines , a lotto machine , and a gas station . reminds me of the nj turnpike rest areas but this place is cleaner , pretty clean ( helps that it is a lot less crowded than the service areas back in high population density jersey , which i recently moved to ohio from.. )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service plaza , the best part of my encounter was in the little mini mart , the person i think her name tag was chris , she was just a fresh bit of fresh air after driving so many miles.she was so helpful , they had some very fresh sandwitches that she said she had made , im glad i got one .as opposed of burger king , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,if i ever pass this way ill make sure to stop there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fairly standard turnpike service plaza . stopped by the sunoco for fuel . only $ 2.09 so a nice deal . gas in michigan includes a 15 cent state tax so getting gas in ohio is dirt cheap . it 's a little more on a turnpike but cheap enough for me . this one has a pizza hut , kfc , panera , starbucks , and burger king . some of the other ones further westbound have fewer options so your best bet is here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty standard service plaza . very clean , not a lot of tourist traffic . decent food options with panera , starbucks , burger king , pizza hut , and kfc express . i would say to check food prior to leaving , as with any fast food place . sometimes they try to give you old food because they do n't think you 'll check prior to returning to your car . but overall decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "trying out the new mexican joint in south gilbert . it is right in my neighborhood so i 'm disappointed to say that i wo n't be returning . the service was below acceptable . we had to wait an abnormally long time to receive our food and then it only came out sporadically with our five-year-old being served last . my family was not even finished eating when the server started bringing us boxes and then the check . it was clear that we were being rushed out . confusing at it is 1 pm on a sunday and there is plenty of seating . unfortunately , the food does not make up for the service . the tortilla soup was oily and overloaded with tortilla strips . the steak burrito was dry and plain . we also order the crab rellanos . the chili was undercooked but deep fried and smothered in an exorbitant amount of cream cheese sauce . it was imitation crab meat and the presentation was very unappetizing . bad food and bad service . bummed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not waste your time and money on this place . we were excited to promote a new restaurant in the neighborhood . i do understand there are growing pains when opening up a new location but this is an established restaurant . the food was bland ... nothing special . my daughter , wife , and i ordered an entree each . all three of our meals came at different times . my food came out first . i was done eating by the time my wife 's food came . after complaining twice about not getting my daughter 's food it finally arrived when my wife was half done with her dinner . horrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not great . i was expecting it to be up to the quality of the other moreno 's location or the other gecko grill . waitress had no clue what the menu items were . requests for more salsa were not fulfilled . there was obvious miscommunication among the staff . we were charged for random items on our meal , like salsa fresca . we were constantly out of water . a to-go order for 1 person took more than 30 minutes due to the fact that they did not call out names . they entered the coupon incorrectly . the menu stated different ingredients than what was found in the meal ( a burrito said to have just chicken and beans also contained lettuce and rice ) . i understand everyone is new , but my experience makes me not want to come again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was super excited to have this open close because we really like the one at gilbert and germann . have ordered take out twice and they messed up the order both times . first time they added jalepenos to the burrito ( that is n't supposed to have them in it ) and it was to hot to even eat . second time we ordered jalepeno cream cheese instead of sour cream . got sour cream . when we let them know she said `` well we got the burritos right '' . their customer service sucks . i understand new location and growing pains but no eye contact , no smiles and no i 'm sorry when your order is wrong is just ridiculous . the food is good if they get it right . i 'm more irritated by the attitude than the fact they got it wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice clean atmosphere , pretty interior . unfortunately , the food was bland , average at best . we tried 4 different plates but all were just ok . starting with the chips and salsa . none had any kick . the green sauce had an awkward sweetness to it . when our lunch arrived , we asked for some jalapenos to spice things up and they brought us a small cup of canned jalapenos . our waiter was nice and courteous but super slow . we saw him 3 times the entire time . we could see all the waiters standing in front of the food window talking . one happy note , the flan was very good , even though we had to wait about 15 minutes to get it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just ate at moreno 's for the first time . first they brought out fresh chips that are thin and warm and they come with bean dip , red and green salsa that are all good . i had a chicken tostada and a fish taco . the fish taco was served on two fresh corn tortillas and the sauce was full of flavor ! loved them both . also at our table we had a moreno 's chicken burrito with green salsa and it was very good but the green salsa was a little spicey . we will make this a regular spot for good food at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality was n't there , felt like i got ripped off ! had the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans really had no flavor . would never go back first and last .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "saturday , march 11,2017 met some friends here for dinner , this was my first time to moreno 's . the staff was friendly , the environment was casual and the food was tasty and satisfying . this is a great place to go for casual dinning and good food . this is a place , i would return to again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is really good . the service sometimes slow . we had sweet corn tamales and sonoran hot dogs and it was delicious . they give you 2 salsas and been dip with the chips . i also love that they offer seafood and vegetarian options and that they serve a frozen margarita $ 2 off during happy hr . we work from home so it is our take out lunch at least once a week", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean restaurant and true mexican food and great prices . i 'll be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of my favorite mexican food in az . chicken mango quesadilla , shrimp tacos , enchiladas , fresh chips and salsa , among other things are some of our favorite things to order . the quality of meat here is outstanding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local option close by for mexican food that we have enjoyed several times . tonight we were especially impressed with our server , hunter , he was very friendly , attentive and eager to make sure we had a wonderful meal . our food was delicious , prices good and location convenient . their new location in gilbert is usually very busy so at times we have taken food to-go but tonight we got lucky with a comfy booth . the decor is casual with crowded tables in the center making it feel a bit cafeteria-ish but the benefits of the food , service , prices and location make moreno 's a great spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and frozen margaritas ! service is friendly and quick ! reasonable prices as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is very good . our first time was a very busy friday night . the service was pretty good too . i look forward to coming again , and also having another good take-out go-to in the neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is bland , service is slow . will probably not return . i had the pollo fundido and it had zero flavor . such a disappointment !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "happy to find such good food so close to home . try the pollo fundido or the carne asada tacos . they do serve pepsi , but otherwise it 's a great place . ; ) the chips come with two types of salsa and warm bean dip . michael is a great server , so sit in his section if you have a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit to this location ( maybe any moreno 's ? ) and will probably be our last . the service seemed awfully slow for a thursday evening with few customers in the restaurant , but many visible employees . not the worst mexican food we 've had , but far from the best . everyone in our group described it as 'just ok ' . perhaps it was just an off night , but with so many better choices around , i do n't see us choosing moreno 's again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! ! ! just had the moreno burrito with chicken and green chili , and would definitely recommend . huge children 's plates ... . and they bring out chips with green salsa , red salsa , and bean dip for starters . all fantastic . the only reason it is n't 5 stars is because of the decor and ambiance . clean and neat , but nothing super special", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible customer service , every single time when trying to place an order via phone left on hold for 30+ minutes or simply hung up on , take-out orders are wrong , 8 10 times you receive the wrong food , lots of business loss as my family and friends will no longer eat here or ever attempt to place a take-out order , lots of other awesome mexican restaurants around this area with excellent customer service and who can correctly get orders right and with better food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been a fan of morenos since we started going to the queen creek location and we 're happy that they built one right around the corner from our house . the crab chili relleno was my first favorite but now i am really liking the shrimp burrito with pineapple salsa and jalape\u00f1o cream cheese . the prices are reasonable and the staff is always friendly and attentive . this has become our go to restaurant and always a good default .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to moreno 's with a coworker and her son on friday night . we spent forever waiting for our food and it was not even good . the chips were n't salty , the bean dips were cold , the server forgot to put our order in , and they forgot to give us our to-go order . my mango shrimp quesadilla was different temperatures -- cold mango salsa , room temperature shrimp , and melted cheese . no flavor either . i was excited for a new mexican restaurant in the area but am disappointed that it was not all it could be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so glad they put one so close to my house . love the food and great service . try everything on the menu . definitely coming back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! service needs work . staff is overwhelmed and need to work better as a team . once they are more in synch , i think it will be great overall . i 'm still willing to go back and try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty average mexican food , got a couple corn tortilla tacos and they were below average , enchilada was ok. wouldnt recommend it to anyone", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to morenos for the first time and it was great ! probably my favorite mexican place now . the chips and salsa could have used some more salt , but otherwise , exiting was great . the tacos and the moreno burrito i had were so good . the red and green sauce was perfect . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we eat here all the time ! the food is always great but our service tonight was exceptional . our server michael was professional , nice and very efficient . we see michael there all the time and he is always working hard and has a smile on his face ! i had the shrimp and mango salsa , lettuce wrapped tacos which are a great healthy option ! i love this moreno 's location , it 's the spot to go for fresh , authentic mexican food ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just opened a few months ago i believe and we finally managed to go in last night - i 'm very glad we did . our server , joe , was more then fantastic ! ! he recommended something for my husband who loved what he got - a secret menu item - the crabby burritto . i ordered the arroz con pollo and also enjoyed it very much . the margaritas were amazing . he kept the chips and dips coming while we waited for our food and even offered us a hotter salsa - which was delicious . honestly enough ca n't be said about joe ! ! the service i receive at restaurants can almost dismiss a bad plate of food for me , and while my dinner was nothing short of great , joe was even better ! ! thank you for a great dining experience joe ! we will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice , family atmosphere . sister establishment of gecko grill on baseline . here for happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of eating lunch there yesterday . i was greeted as i walked in the door with a big smile and could sit wherever i wanted . i was brought chips and three different dips and a big glass of water . my waiter was michael and he was very nice . he explained the menu and then brought me a glass of iced tea . my companion showed up and we ordered soft taco 's . omgosh , delicious ! the shredded beef was from a pot roast and so tender . there was a generous amount of beef in the taco 's . we then ordered a new item for dessert . a piece of hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream . needless to say , we cleaned our plates . i 'll be back -- it was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about our experience at moreno 's was good , but not great . my biggest criticism is the food was pretty bland - from the salsa , to the shredded beef tacos , to the rice and beans , to the enchilada sauce ( red and green ) . our server even warned me and hubby that the green sauce was `` really spicy '' , but i did n't taste any spice . my favorite for mexican food is serrano 's and it appears it will continue to be !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "four was generous . honestly our party debated between 3 and 4 but i was in a good mood . : ) everything was ... eh . kind of bland . safe . not memorable . the gluten free enchilada sauce was nice . the salsas were n't bad , but not great . the pollo fundito was missing some green chilis or sauce or something to give it some flavor . the quality of the meat was good , the presentation was acceptable , but ... give it some flavor ! the service was good . all of the wait staff was attentive and our drinks stayed filled . we were looking for some decent mexican food that is open on a sunday in this part of the valley but we 'll keep looking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just a little advice , check your to go orders . every time i come here my orders are incorrect and the staff really does n't care if it 's correct or not . to go ordering over the phone is painful you must repeat your order several times and your order will still be incorrect . i will not be returning to this location . i 've been to several other moreno locations and the service has been great . not sure what 's going on at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the few places to eat if you live in this area ... good food , good service ! ! love coming here for a quick , yummy dinner ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was okay but the service was awful our waiter was really nice but terribly slow i think we only saw him like 2 times the whole night . we ordered a churro for desert and waited like 20 minutes for it . if i ever decide to go back it will be for take out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is very bland . if your looking for filler food this will work . service was bad , but they just opened up so it may be due to the fact that everyone is trying to get trained up . not sure i 'll be back unless i 'm starving and need something close to the house .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had breakfast there on saturday morning . service was ok but not outstanding . food came on time . food was hot and served with good attitude . portions were huge and tasty . price reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had lunch here today . the staff was very friendly and attentive . i liked their chips and green salsa . they also had a bean dip and red salsa for the tortilla chips . i ordered a bean and cheese burrito which was yummy . i think they should have a bigger container for the salsas . they were pretty skimpy compared to the size of the chips and we finished it off before the chips which was a little disappointing . i would eat here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been coming here since they have been open ! ! it 's always great , very consistent and the staff is always friendly & personable . the food is excellent , we have tried almost everything on the menu and it 's always prepared like home cooking and very very generous portions . just so you know we are very fussy people , eating out i am very critical if deserved and this is probably one out of 20 restaurants i 'd give a 5 star all around the board . so amy t. , i 'm not sure you ate at this restaurant or exactly what the underlying problem really was ? ? ? but , my advice is try it again and i know you 'll be surprised . it 's always busy , no matter the day or time ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've ordered from this moreno 's multiple times now , but am not sure i will be attempting it anymore . the service is pretty slow . there always seems to be so many servers standing behind the counter chatting . i guess that would n't be so terrible if the food was great , but most everything i 've tried ( from the chicken enchilada 's , shredded beef chimichanga , and even the cheese quesadilla ) were all really bland . i do n't think they put much spice or flavor in their meat and the salsa 's are just ok . it 's not bad , but i 'd rather spend my money elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food and great service . aways busy and i have eaten here a dozen times since they opened and have enjoyed consistent service and quality food every time . this place is the definition of 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were excited to have a new restaurant by our house , i gave this place 2 trys , the food was so tasteless , i ordered a burrito grande , it came out as an average sized tortilla w some meat on the inside , they said there was guacamole and sour cream in it , if there was it was so little u could n't see it . i would never go back , ill drive farther for better food next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so excited ! ! ! the best char broiled fish tacos i have had ... ever ! ! ! including cali..so flavorful and 1 taco was plenty ! ! ! .kudos to moreno 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food for the price . service could be better , but since it is new and there were a lot of people being trained , hopefully it will improve .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first timers . i had the tampiquena . lots of meat , seasoned well and tender . hubby had the seafood grande . delicious . service was fast , friendly and plates were hot.. we even went at lunch time . coronas were icy cold . had mini chimis w jalapeno cream cheese as appetizer . brought some home for dinner tonight . do n't be too quick to write them off . we thought they are better than tacos n ' more on higley & germann . perhaps the real picky people need to prepare their mexican food at home . a great dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was not good today . went in and got seated . waited for at least five minutes without as much as an acknowledgement from our waitress . am very disappointed because i really like the food . will give it another try hopefully it will improve .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tracy is so knowledgeable and approachable . i met her through a church retreat and then went to see her for an initial brow service . she does things full service with trimming , waxing , shaping , tinting , etc . i have never had my brows done to compare it to , but tracy put me at ease and we chatted the entire time . afterward , she recommended coming back in 4 weeks . she answered all my questions and did n't make me feel rushed when she was done . pro tip- check in when you are there and you may get a deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love tracy ! she is making my skin look better than i ever thought possible , and i love love love the products and makeup she uses , i 've been slowly building up my collection . right now my favorites are the circadia vitamin c serum , and the osmosis powder foundation and concealer with moisture stick . i got the oxygen facial this week and my face is radiant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adequate glasses shop . large selection and variety of glasses . the eye doctor is very good . shop keepers are nice enough . after every appointment , you get to choose a new set of frames for free . the free selection is not as nice as the premier glasses , but i ca n't tell the good ones from the bad ones . far from my home but it 's only once a year", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am editing my review only to say gem optical was extremely helpful when i spoke to the owner , there are two doctors that work here do not see dr.moore she is a quack , she wrote the prescription for discontinued contacts , then wrote the script out a complete mess so costco could n't read , then costco notified her that she wrote the wrong curvature on my contacts . now i 'm still waiting for a prescription that i paid cash for this service , this dr. told the manager at costco she will get to this prescription to them when she feels like it , due to me asking for it so many times . really ? ? ? i 've only asked for what i paid for this woman screwed up these scripts herself . beware of this doctor she should be revaluated by the board and i will file a complaint there . you should never treat customers like it 's they 're fault when you cleary droped the ball .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my new prescription in for new glasses and sharon the owner helped me . i picked out the most beautiful frames `` diva 's '' . the service there is fantastic and everyone there are very friendly . a great selection of frames to pick from and reasonably priced and a nicely decorated store . also there are some beautiful jewelry pieces you can purchase . i have been coming here for years and will continue ... ..a+a+a+a+a+a", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received glasses from them and my experience was nice ! prices were good ! shop was clean not modern but that 's not what your there for ! the lady that helped me was pleasant ! will go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ladies at gem optical are pretty nice they 're not charging expensive prices for name brand glasses . i 'm a family of six so any sale i can get is good they have very cute styles of glasses . i 'm definitely recommend this place to my family and friends . it 's a little out dated but it 's still nice . they except most insurances and are friendly over the phone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super chill , if not a tad tucked away from everything . i had no issues at all during our two day stay . the gentleman that runs the place is super nice , and even got us a 2-1 coupon for the mattress factory . you can basically come and go as you please so it was very easy . bedroom was more than big enough for us and super comfy . i would highly recommend staying here . the prices are very reasonable , and you are not too far from all the action .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "comfortable rooms , quiet setting , friendly host , tasty breakfasts , and great rates ! just minutes from the city , but feels like the country . we love the arbors for a sweet getaway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed 2 nights and really enjoyed it . even though it is in the city , once you get there , it is secluded and quiet . our room was very big and had everything we needed , including wi-fi . jim , the manager host , was very friendly and helpful with directions and sightseeing recommendations . pursuant to local ordinance , they can not do a hot breakfast , but there was plenty of food - cereals , hard boiled eggs , yogurt , and yummy baked goods . you get a key to the house and to your room , so you can come and go as you please . we would definitely stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff and super close to tremont . real low key . decent food and beer specials . dont ask for wings well done..they wont do it..no matter how many times ya have to send em back ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been there 3-4 times to watch the cavs playoff games since my last review . the service was fine except on one occasion , on a very slow friday night , my friends and i watched as our bucket of beers [ $ 8 for 4 domestics ] sat at the bar , unattended for 5 minutes , when our server [ a guy , no glasses ] finally returned with them . they now have summer shanty on tap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a good place to go when you just want to chill and grab a drink . did n't eat anything . bartender was super nice . prices were good . great after work or after a game spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good place to go when you just want a sports bar and some bar grub close to tremont . they have daily food and beer specials , and actually a pretty great menu for bar food . i 'm always happy with my meals here , even though i get wings most of the time . the service has always been good , even as an annoying party of 8 for the superbowl . there were a couple issues with the drafts lacking any carbonation , but it was solved effortlessly . i like this hidden little sports bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mostly this is your typical sports bar place with bar food . the wings are awesome and the drinks are fairly priced . my friends and i are in love with the one waitress here who treats us like one of her best friends . we make sure to check in here at least twice a month if not for the great wings , to check in with our favorite waitress , geneka .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how are you going to put 12 '' pizzas on your menu and then serve them in a 10 '' box . smh you guys suck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on a saturday night and there was n't much of a crowd . but it 's also a holiday weekend . we got the nachos with grilled chicken which were pretty good . they had a corn salsa on them which was nice surprise . i got garlic parmesan wings and my sister got the chicken club sandwich . i originally went here because my credit card had a promotion on it for this restaurant and i 'll go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved to the area , and decided to give cleats a try for dinner via ubereats . i was hoping for some decent bar food , but what a mistake . i ordered a burger cooked medium well , and it instead came so rare i 'm not convinced it touched a grill or pan at all before being served up . entirely pink through and through , i could n't eat it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like all of the cleats restaurants ! great salads and especially great chicken ! the sandwiches are great too , i 've been a customer for over 15 years !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is hit or miss , depending on who the bartenders are flirting with . wings are only mediocre . for the most part , the menu is over-priced for mediocre food . and they will nickle and dime you for a side of ranch , etc or if you request a little more sauce on your wings when they come out dry as hell . support local instead of average commercialized franchised food ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came to catch the end of the cavs game and we ended up ordering food . we got the beer cheese sliders , kalua tacos , and jalape\u00f1o pretzel . the sliders were great . kalua tacos pulled pork was dry but very well seasoned , had a little kick to it . the pretzel was my favorite it had jalape\u00f1o cheese on the inside and came with nacho cheese for dipping . do n't forget to check in , free app with 2 entree purchase . i recommend the jalape\u00f1o pretzel ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a family friendly place with about 40 seats at the bar . although it was too cool to sit outside , i ca n't wait to come back to enjoy the patio . there are about 10 tables for 4 on the brick patio with beautiful hanging flowers . the service was outstanding , the food hot and the place clean . lots of tv 's to watch the cavs playoff games .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used an ubereats coupon and ordered from this joint one night and wow we were surprised . we picked it because it was close by and the food looked inexpensive . i ordered wings which were super crunchy breaded wings with great flavor . my boyfriend ordered the melt and it was all so freaking good and not bad in price either . the food was hot when it got here and we were super happy with the service as a whole . will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food , drinks . bartenders and servers are awesome . too bad the management is mean , inept , rude and over reaching . ruined the entire experience . there is no reason to visit this establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going to the cleats restaurants for over a decade . i love the good and have probably tried every item on the menu . when a new item , flavor or style is added or changed i typically try them . it 's safe to say that we order the `` beer cheese pretzels '' every visit . today we ordered them for the table as usual and they appeared twice as dark colored as normal . they were not far off from blackish brown . i told our waitress and she insisted that they were n't burnt but `` we changed our bread '' ! they were clearly burnt ! i told her that they taste burnt as well and she told me that they were n't and walked away ! - i would have been happy if she would of simply brought a new order or simply apologized !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in here for late night food . cleanest bar restaurant i 've been to . the bathroom was super clean . tons of seating . our waitress was really nice . food was really good . i got the black and blue burger . i was skeptical of coming here . the outside of the restaurant is not appealing but its worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service . very friendly . food is great every time i come here . chill place . i loveee the potato skins and the wings and the mozzarella planks ! best i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is usually good and the bartenders are super nice . big complaint today though ... a guy was sitting at the bar cussing out some customer using really foul language . i mean it was getting very awkward and in these days who knows what people will do . so a bit scary ... yes , it 's a bar . that 's besides the point . i could n't understand why the manager did n't say a word to this guy . she was standing right there ! ! come to find out he 's an employee ! acting a fool and walking in and out of the kitchen with his beer . sorry that 's just not cool . i 've worked in restaurants . allowing your employee to cuss out some dude at the bar is trash . way to keep it classy cleats . done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we just left cleats ... ..we wo n't be back . my husband ordered a burger done medium ... it came out rare . now , just so you know , i have worked in restaurants many times and i know the difference between rare and medium . i ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich . the meat on the sandwich we think may have been really ground up cube steak ... ? either way it was not the thin cut sandwich steak that is usually on a philly . we had onion rings and fries . it is pretty hard to mess up fries , so they were okay . the onion rings had a weird after taste and were greasy between the breading and onion ... .eeh so all in all yelpers ... .stay away ! maybe..it would b okay just for a beer and nachos ... ? but if you want food - head on down the road . thankfully i had a groupon so i do n't feel so bad about using my money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such a great place to chill out at . food is good and drinks are always cold . i am never alone when here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wings were pretty good . salads could use improvement . would go again for carry out . booths uncomfortable", "score": "3"}
{"review": "strange odor coming from bathroom . other than that and the food was cold , not a bad place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is right down the road from work , so it 's a great choice for a beer and wings for my fellow steel workers . the wings are great and probably the only thing you should really be ordering from the menu . the sandwiches are fine and the appetizers are good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jerk pulled pork tacos were good , so was the jalapeno cheese stuffed pretzel app . great place to watch a game with adequate beer selection . bathrooms are clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice little bar close to where i used to work . only went a couple of times but the drink prices were reasonable , the selection of beers was surprisingly good and the menu items i 've tried were prepared competently if not artistically . i would go back for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one the best go to sports bars in cleveland , period ! been going to this cleats for the last 12 years , for lunch & dinner . food , service and overall experience is always top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i go here , its a new menu . the service still sucks , but now the food does too . we ordered wings and they were full of sauce but very bland . the onion rings were good , but we only got 7 , three large rings and four small ones . the waitress gave us a small container of a different sauce to pour over the wings cause we did n't eat the wings they were so bad . it was bad , and now everyone in my party sad they do n't want to come here anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband and son love the wings . we also often get their salads , burgers and chicken sandwiches . everything is very good ... and the fries are okay . they used to make their own ... but whatever they are now using have very little taste . ambiance is cool..either a game on the tv or sometimes too loud rock and roll .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "easy access , in & out . no gas pumps , crazy parking area , but i got a front row parking . clean store every time i 've been here . grab a quick bite or drink , then head over to the man cave for a cigar . that 's how i do it lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i once lived in the area and used to visit this location from time to time . i once bought an xbox cod video game from this location after having not been able to purchase it from a local game stop . i once visited this location , when henderson received three feet of snow ( true story ) after needing some copenhagen to sooth my nerves after what would be a three drive home through the snowy apocalypse . the video games appear to be gone and the snow long , long gone but the essence of 7-eleven remains . the parking lot sucks but once inside you can get everything the green and read store has to offer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst service i 've ever gotten at a 7-11 in my entire life ! ! walked in to purchase a 12oz frappacino and a bag of chips . stood at the counter for 5 mins while other customers began to line up behind me . no one at the counter or anywhere else in the store . an indian-looking lady finally emerges from the back room totally focused on her smart-phone and sits down and continued to play with her phone totally ignoring the customers at the counter ! ! ! one older customer leans over the counter and yells `` hello ! ! ! ! '' she continued to ignore him ! after the 3rd time she finally looks up with a blank stare . at that time i slammed my merchandise on the counter and left the store . unbelievable ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been in this store a few times but mostly all at night or early am . i have never have had any issues with service . it 's conventionally located to home . it 's open 24 7 & has most things one may need . prices are a little more expensive vs wal-mart but you pay for the convenience !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a joke , not worth anything , plenty of nice well stocked gas stations all around so no point in wasting time with this place . and it could use a good cleaning as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i come to this 7-11 every now and then . its a 7-11 with 7-11 products . i do like the staff though . very nice people and friendly ! that 's all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a tiny 7-eleven . if you 're hoping for something specific , fair warning , this locale may not carry it . for example , while they have one of those cool coke machine dispensers ( yay for orange coke ! ) , they do not have any fountain mountain dew . no mountain dew ! this is a severe travesty and pretty much kills the # 1 reason i come to any give 7-eleven . thus , unless i 'm craving an orange coke , i wo n't be coming to this locale again . but it 's clean and the staff do n't suck and whatnot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly , efficient employees . surprisingly good sandwiches ! i buy here six times a week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sometimes play keno at that location . they never offer you any kind of drink or anything at that store they 're very rude . save your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mt wife and i were waiting for the surgery center just up the street to open . she needed to use the restroom . we were going to buy a drink just to help cover the service . the very rude man refused to let her even though they serve food here . as other reviews have said there are other nice places near by .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a joke ! the manager , suman , the indian lady , has the personality of a rock . she has no customer service skills whatsoever ! i went in one day and waited at the counter for 5 minutes before she even acknowledged me then she said shell b right there and that was another 10 min ! i had to yell at her ! theres also a wooden board at the right register seperating the bag candy from the bars and i hit my toe on it really bad . aparently im not the first person this has happened to ! its loose and needs to be fixed or taken down ! they leave milk crates lying around at night . the only decent person that works there is the night guy with the buzz cut and now theres a father and daughter that work there at nights and theyre excellent . otherwize ... find a different store to go to , this one sucks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "flooded my condo and denied liability through their insurance company because the contractor doing the work said the valve was broke already ... .but it was n't flooded before you started the job . using a wrench on a hand valve , you 've been doing this for 33 years and you do that ? talk soon", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are very few companies i have dealt with in my life that will stand behind their word . although there was miscommunication initially , perfection handyman came by and fulfilled their contract with me . they could not fix the problem only because of a faulty item which was not their fault . however , they came by and did their best and explained the situation . they were very professional , courteous and clearly have many people who have had good work done by them . thus i am retracting my harsh criticism of them since all has been resolved to my satisfaction .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am giving this business a 5 star rating simply because of the outstanding customer service and the end product . i had some wood flooring replaced and the first guy that was sent out created more problems than existed in the first place . upon notifying cindy of our extreme dissatisfaction she immediately went to work to rectify the situation . she was always pleasant on the phone and found a handyman that was exceptional . dean repaired the bumbling of the first guy and did an excellent job on the finished product . he is an extreme hard worker and would not quite until it was perfect . cindy and dean , thank you for making sure the job was done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so we came here for a few drinks after dinner . we arrived about 8:00 and we were able to find a table near the bar . now i did not have any food as i am a strict beer diet . i did however have a nice 32 oz tecate . my friends had some margaritas and they enjoyed them . the bar was very loud but they did have a lot of t.vs and all the march madness games were on . the server appeared to be new but did a good job . not a bad place to check out if you are town for a few days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here for dinner tonight with a friend . i had the appetizer plate and an ice water with lemon . the water tastes terrible so i had to ask for an iced tea . the food was so bland that i had to add a ton of salt . even with sour cream and guacamole , it was bland . that was n't the worst part ... ... ... about 20 minutes after we got home , i threw up everything . my stomach just turned . i had staph food poisoning last year from another restaurant so i knew right away what was happening . i wo n't be eating there again or out for that matter anymore . wish i would have read the reviews before going . i ca n't believe they continue to make people sick and all of the bad reviews . i will be contacting the health dept .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have eaten there in the past and the food was decent . i took mu wife there this weekend and ordered grilled fish tacos . they were terrible . really no fish . just a very small amount of this disgusting chopped up fish stuff . not even sure it was fish . a weird color . basically i paid 12.95 for lettuce and cheese tacos with beans and rice . i will never go back . not one person asked me how my food was . probably knew the answer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give this place a solid four stars ! ! ! the food is certainly good , the chips and salsa are fresh and enjoyable and the service has always been quick and super friendly ! ! we have been going to this location for a couple decades and we will continue to do so ! ! in fact , we are headed to top shelf tonight for dinner ! ! ! looking forward to a yummy meal ! ! i am left wondering if the bashers are related or friends of another mexican restaurants in the area ( one in particular right across the street ) or other mexican restaurants or restaurants in the area and surrounding area ? ? it makes no sense to me to see so many bad reviews ! ! ! ! ignore the whiners and give this place a try ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "should be called bottom shelf ! top shelf margs were good , but the food was awful . i ordered a la cart seafood enchilada and i needed a saw to cut the tortilla and the sauce tasted fresh out of the old el paso can . my husband ordered an a la cart burro that tasted like school food . it was a huge tortilla ( definitely not fresh ) and flavorless ground beef . if you go , keep your expectations low . this restaurant needs help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food absolutely sucks , orders fajitas they came out on a white plate . really , fajitas are to be served on a skillet . get it together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "burrito was a little thicker than normal but still had s great taste . the atmosphere is great and the service was good . i 'll come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been driving by here for some time and wondered if i was missing out by never eating here . tonight we went . nice atmosphere , greeted immediately and waited 5 min for a table . well that was the highlight , went down hill from there . salsa was so watery it would n't go in a chip . mild and bland would describe . we ordered sodas and then food . the food took over 30 min , possibly 40 . very disappointed with dinner . i ordered carne asada taco dinner . in proportioned amount of onions , beans dry and crusty , meat dry and tortillas rubbery like they had been microwaved . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "atmosphere is good the staff in the cantina is consistent on being courteous and timely with getting the order out . the grand tostada is amazing , however do not order it to go , it becomes soggy . great place to hang out with family and friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our weds night dinner stop after evening bootcamp . love the chips and salsa . and awesome fish tacos . but sometimes the services is a little behind", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disgusting . so disappointed . rocky point shrimp salad is ice berg lettuce , mini shrimp , awful tomatoes , mushy cheese in a taco shell for 15 bux . guacamole was flavorless . bartender full blast blender during national anthem.. whole bar was respectfully listening and watching while the blender stole the show . so sad.. so close to home.. wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food continues to get better here ... my wife and i used to frequent this place often but took a hiatus when the quality went down ( about 3-4 years ago ) ... we started coming back in and the service and food is much better ... i love the way they prepare their fajitas ... their enchiladas are delicious and their margaritas are awesome ! ! ! try the high roller margarita ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give this place two to two and one half stars . my family has eaten here a few times and overall it seems to be about average . fajitas usually have too much black pepper and the tortillas are too thick . the chips and salsa are good . service is hit and miss and the kid 's meals are a bit expensive . there are better and worse mexican food restaurants to eat at in phoenix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything in the restaurant was awesome ! ! the food was very tasteful & you can tell that everything was barely made . i 'm coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am torn about this place , i enjoy the bar and patio during game time and just hanging out with friends . the place is always busy so these reviews dont hurt them much . sad to say but the only thing i order here is chicken wings ... yes they do have them and they are not on the menu . i do not care for their mexican food at all and even their salsa is not that great . i wish it were better but it does not seem to hurt their business because they are always packed . i recommend going to camineros across the street if you need mexican and then get plastered here . very casual , good size bar and patio , service is always very good and other than the food i actually kind of like this place . ha ha , sorry top shelf", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ridiculous to wait 20 minutes for soda and to order ! waitress busy sitting with friends on patio ! then blamed the cook because the food was delivered cold - she was again on the patio . going from bad to worse fast ! try los compadres", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dirty ! ! ! ! ! ! counter in bar is nasty and smeared with icky salsa . asked bartender to wipe it . still gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been to top shelf a handful of times and the food has always been outstanding . we like the chimichangas and can not leave without sharing some fried ice cream . also , ask for the `` hot '' salsa . it is not too spicy but has a much better flavor than the standard one . the last time we went there our waitress was horrible and very inattentive . i actually had to get up from my table , go interrupt her ten minute conversation with another customer who she was friends with to ask her for our check . other than that one isolated incident we have been very pleased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were there for football sunday . so understaffed ! our waiter gave us our bill before half time and was n't seen once after that to check on us ! obviously the intent is to stay for the game . we will never go back there for sunday football .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waitress tried to rip us off . bill was $ 81 and half our party paid $ 40 ! waitress tried to hand me a $ 61 dollar receipt . glad my son who is a server caught it . unbelievable i wo n't be back after that trick !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service and not busy . waited 10 minutes while people around us who came in after us were served.bar manager did n't give a shit . not worth it for average food . done with this place ! and this was the only place the wife and i ever went to . need a new mexican joint", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has been a semi-regular stop for my friend and myself ... we enjoy the muzzled atmosphere and the proximity . the food is bland , but they make up for it with mediocre drink choices . the prices are alright , as long as you do not have anywhere else to go . sometimes , there is a karaoke disc jockey who has a rather inadequate selection of songs , but makes the best effort to play what is requested ... even if it is the wrong song . if you are in the square block , give this place a shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite thing about this place is the outside patio . the chips and salsa were good and fresh tasting . my burrito was so so as well as what my husband had . i think just hanging on the patio having cocktails is what i would return for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ate here tonite , and it was not good . two of us ordered the fajita style fundido . all it was was strips of chicken stuffed inside a flour tortilla , with jalape\u00f1o cream cheese sauce on the top . no peppers or onions inside , dry and terrible !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying our server was great and very attentive . however , the food does not meet the quality expectations of what it cost . the cheese con queso seemed just like regular melted cheese that cost $ 6 , we did n't care for the taste . and the chimichanga we ordered cost $ 12 , it was barely warm so we took a bite and decided to forgo eating the rest . honestly , if i am going to spend a lot of money in dining out i want the food to taste good and be enjoyable , and sadly this just was n't the case for this establishment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok food . 2 star due to bathroom smelling like a truck stop ... .easy fix tho", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came just for a drink or two , and i decided to sit outside on the patio area . the server at the bar , maureen , was wonderful ! very welcoming and she created a great atmosphere ! i recommend coming here ! especially if you want great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is horrible , the people that work there are rude . the whole restaurant smells like a bathroom in a bus terminal . the sad thing is the owners and management do n't care", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service here is always great . we usually sit in the bar , good atmosphere , always on top of refilling chips and salsa , drinks , and very consistent ! the mexican pizza with ground beef is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chips and salsa are very good . steak fajita meat is delicious . pollo fundido is also very good . everything else on the menu is very average . their beans arent very good , and their rice is terrible . there are much better mexican restaurants within 15 min of top shelf , but if proximity is a priority , then you go to top shelf . also , there is one waitress there that is awesome . she used to leave phx each summer and come back each winter but i havent seen her recently , but she makes the place 10 times better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a great neighborhood hang out spot for friday or saturday night if you do n't want to drive out to snottsdale or down to westgate . it 's the west valleys version of cocomo joe 's , but substitute bad karoake for cocomo 's usually good cover bands . they do serve food , but it 's par . but who really goes there to eat . the outdoor patio bar and indoor bar is where you will find all the regulars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we sit in bar . like the food and people watching . many tvs with sports channels . kind of pricey . quick service when not busy . wait staff great and friendly . outdoor seating covered and misters", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to really like this restaurant and would go almost bi-weekly for their ultimate nachos . girlfriends and i got together regularly specifically for the nachos and margaritas but the last few times i 've went there i 've been really unsatisfied . service is n't that good , the margaritas are too pricey for the sizes and not to mention how little alcohol there is in them and the nachos have been disgusting and much smaller the last 3 or 4 times i 've gone . i 'm not sure if there 's new management or what exactly the difference is resulting in the changes , but it 's not somewhere i go anymore and i probably wo n't ever go back unless i hear good things from other people . very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is good but service can be hit and miss . i recommend the tacos and taco salad , great margaritas and tall draft beers", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a very unique restaurant ! more authentic mexican than tex mex but with an american sports bar feel . definitely the vibe chillis is trying to create but has n't quite hit yet . alex was our server ! he was very very friendly knew the menu incredibly well i would highly recommend asking for him ! also ! i 'm a margarita snob and theirs were top shelf pun intended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! the patio is awesome ! usually just come in for some delicious corona light on tap and some of the awesome queso , oh and according to my better half the ranger ipa is also on point ... . side bar ... any way tonight we decided to eat and told the bartender tiffany to just pick something for us she brought out the fajita fundido on separate plates for us to share it was delicious and tiffany 's great ! sit at the bar for the best service , ask for tiffany", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food service this is the best place for mexican food been going here for decades nothing compares .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place , however tonight was the worst service we have had in a while . it took over 40 minutes to get our food , the place was very dirty , our server stepped on a balled up place mat , stopped and looked down , them kept walking . she never mentioned one thing about why the food took so long . i really hope this is not becoming the norm . if it is , there are other places to get mexican food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has gone down hill , use to be my go to place for some good mexican food . have n't been in a while , so i decided to go today and wish i chose different waitress was great food was terrible horrible next time i 'll search for a food truck before i step one foot in this place again . wish i can give it 0 stars but the waitress is the reason top shelf got 1 star from me . hashtag gross", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best mexican in the peoria area . salsa is so good . chips are thin and crispy . good variety of tequila ! portions are ok to split . servers are so friendly and attentive . will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my order was a burrito fundido with chicken . it seemed under seasoned . i asked my girl about her tacos and she said that same thing . both the hot and mild salsa were mediocre . i do n't know . maybe they cater to a different crowd on this side of town ? it seems like it 's nearly impossible to find good restaurants of any variety around here . we 've been stuck with chain restaurants that leave much to be desired . the search continues ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our waitress was super nice ! she was on it on refilling our drinks and keeping the chips and salsa stocked ! i did n't get a meal but everyone 's meal looked super tasty ! i will definitely be back to try the food ! 4 stars for great service and that fifth star will be determined when i try some food ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "crap service . i hate when i go to a mexican joint , and they never refill your drinks or chips . i went on a saturday night , and it was semi-busy . our food came out quickly , but the waitress never came to check on us . i shared an chimichanga meal with the boy , and it was very small for being $ 10 . the menu does not have a lot of selection , either . i finished my margarita and the waitress dropped off the check without asking if i wanted another . i was planning on drinking more and getting dessert , but decided to bail after the poor service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i agreed with writers b but somehow but review was n't on here ; funny how all the 5 star reviews made it and how did some even know the last name of the aesthetician ? ? i wonder if they are friends . i had the same experience as the other one star reviewer . very rude treatment by her when she did finally do anything because she cancelled so many times . i just found the other reviews listed at her old location just look at the old filtered reviews and you can see how she conducts her business . she could n't find my paper work either , once or twice even called me by the wrong name - for my `` personalized '' treatment . and kept me waiting when i scheduled according to honor her cancelation when she knew it was another difficult time for me due to my traveling . definitely does not know how to run a business . there are so many others in scottsdale do n't know why anyone would choose here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sadie is awesome as is the doctor . club medspa ispretty and clean and the whole staff is terrific.. the ipl is really working and i can see the lessening of the dark spots . thank you sadie ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this company ! they make the best bicycle lights and accessories . i tried a few bicycle lights on the market and these guys definitely have the brightest and longest lasting . super friendly customer service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "planet bike is an excellent business . they know their market , have great products , offer good value , stand behind their products with exceptional customer service , and give back to the community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a superflash which i purchased from rei a few years ago . it 's an excellent taillight but the on-off switch eventually failed . i sent an email to planet bike just asking if they were aware of a fix . kristin w. responded to my email , apologizing for the malfunction . she directed me to send the unit to the madison wi address . shortly thereafter planet bike sent me a brand new superflash . mind you , i did n't even ask for a replacement ; i was just curious if there was a known fix . this is a classy operation : they stand behind their products and make sure the customer is satisfied . i am a planet bike customer for life ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been so happy with this daycare . i need a lot of flexibility because my work schedule changes weekly . the staff here has worked with my hectic schedule and they take great care of my son . he is very attached to me and often cries at drop off time . the teachers always pay special attention at this time and at pick up he is always smiling and having fun in his classroom . i like that all meals are included . and i feel very secure with all of the locked doors with personal pass codes . parking is also great here . i really appreciate that it 's free downtown for 45 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kindercare is an awesoms daycare.. the secured building.. the staff loves their students.. they are all around great.. a cook for breakfast and lunch.. i never had no issues with this daycare at all..however.. you get what you pay for.. they charge an inital enrollment fee and a weekly fee.. this is even on top of any childcare assistance you may or may not get . also , they charge expensively for summer camp programs . overall , awesome daycare but if you want to pay out some money then it 's a money pit ! i only gave it a 4 star and not a 5 because i did not expect all these expenses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing daycare . staff is personable and remember every child 's name whether they are in their classroom or not . my daughter comes home talking about school everyday . i am 110 percent comfortable dropping her off everyday . the staff is really amazing . the quality of the day care makes it worth dealing with the nightmare of a parking garage . give downtown kindercare a shot ! you wo n't regret it . your child will come home every day happy and having learned something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never felt so uncared for by a pediatrician and staff in my entire life . i 've been parenting over twenty years and the bedside manner of this practice is militant , unprofessional , non educating , on an agenda , and really who in their right mind would subject their child let alone themselves to such insubordination is beyond me . if you 're looking to be nurtured , cared for , educated on what 's best for your child 's needs , please stay far far away from here . it 's not worth the insult or amount of time for such mistreatment . poor poor office . they call you mom at least a hundred times . it 's so rude . i 'm not their mom if i were , i 'd teach them the proper care and feeding of patients . shameful place . blech .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for a while , and i finally thought to myself , why ? there are some good and bad things about this place . pro : the doctors are really nice and attentive , especially carol ( the pa ) she is amazing , the ladies on the phone are nice , the medical assistants are nice . cons : you wait forever , and i mean forever . i understand if you have a same day sick appt ( where i have been in the waiting room over an hour , then another 45 mins once you get into the room to be seen ) but even on well checks or scheduled appts you wait a long time . the front desk staff is very rude , i always feel like i 'm interrupting when i walk in . do n't ever try to call into the nurse line , i do n't think they have ever answered me once . all and all , the cons were weighing too heavy , and we have found another pediatrician we are really happy with .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great staff but i prefer dr. : lamontt because she does n't always prescribe meds right away cus i feel some doctors r quick to prescribe antibiotics ... but the offices are all great ! ! the rainbow office is excellent ! ! they r fast and tentative ; ) over all ... nice office n doctors ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. la motte and her staff by far the best pediatric office in town ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lamotte is awesome ... but the back office staff ruins the experience . the nurse who gave my child shots ... ( i believe her name was aurora ) she removed the caps of the injections with her mouth and i didnt see her wash or sanitize her hands . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised there are so many mixed reviews for this office . i 've taken my daughter to see several different doctors at this practice and we 've liked all of them . i 've also never had a problem with the staff , my experience has been very positive . this office has some really great doctors and they take a health plan of nevada 's hmo and that can be hard to find a good doctor with , in my experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over all wonderful experience . when i called to make an appointment bianca did everything in her power to get me all the information i needed for my son 's about my insurance , even for myself as i needed to switch out my pcp . she also got my son scheduled before school started and in the same week i called . normally this a busy time for pediatrics offices since kids need shots before school starts . i was so impressed with bianca that i had brought her some macarons that i had made . and i never ever give those out for free ! ! ! too top it off dr. vielher was kind , throw , and answered all my questions . she was simply great . granted there was a slight wait but thats expected . thank you anthem hills pediatrics ! thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place got us so mad ! we are waiting for 2 hours with our baby boy to get a shot . is ridiculous how they tell you to take the baby cloths off cause they come in a minute and then they make you stay with the baby just in a diaper dressed for so long ! the consulting room is not to warm as well . with such a waiting time i would n't even give a star to this place . very rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "be coming here for 6 years . my kids have been well cared for by these excellent doctors . dr. lamotte has a great team and my kids ' health is owed to them . we will be coming here for years to come . friendly , courteous , caring staff as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have a sick little girl with 103 temp and a point mentioned set up for 1020 it 's now 11 and still waiting at this pace she will get better on her own there goes another person that just walked in not waiting like with a appointment just walk away bullshit excuses lady 's up front look like they need a checkup it 's called obese what a example of good health", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we waited an hour and half before we finally saw the dr. dr martinez was great but the wait was too long for a toddler who wants to get into everything the waiting room was so tiny . 5 or 6 people had to stand around because there were no seats .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love anthem hills peds . i 've never had a problem getting an appointment or waiting very long . my kids have seen almost every doctor and i ca n't say enough good things about dr kim , dr. hannah , dr. mehitch , and dr lamonte . they are all friendly and helpful . jon is always amazing at returning calls and remembering my boys . tonight i had an issue with walgreens losing my sons prescription and dr lamonte personally called me to make sure my son was okay for the night without the prescription because the pharmacy was already closed , even though it was n't her fault or concern . i truly appreciate her concern . i recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. mihic is amazing always remembers my kids she takes her time but never runs horribly late . my daughter needed a nebulizer a few months ago they could n't tell me what my copay would be just had me sign a waiver understanding i 'm responsible for the cost . i wish the front desk would have been able to tell me the price more effectively . dr. mihic is fantastic love her attitude . we do an alternative vaccine schedule and we discussed our reasons and she worked with us understanding our beliefs which was great . i prefer the spring valley location over the eastern .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will start by saying that the staff here is great , we have seen dr miller and dr lamonte . unfortunately this will probably be our last visit they are the slowest drs office imaginable . we have gone 5 times ( my daughter is 2 ) and we usually do n't see the dr until an hour after our appointment time at the earliest . today we had a 9:30 am appointment , we checked in at 9:22 , got in the room at 9:46 , and saw the doctor from 10:31 to 10:37 . we then had to wait for the shots and left the office at 11:02 and this was the quickest appointment yet .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have been going to this office for a year now and it has only gotten worst . first off we can never get in to see the same doctor therefore we are seeing a different doctor every time and having to go over the same stuff over and over again to bring them up to date with our child 's health . then every time we set an appointment we are sitting in the waiting room for an hour then in a room for another hour before we even see a nurse then another half hour before the doctor walks in . in the beginning we thought maybe we just caught them during a busy time but when it was every appointment we asked about the wait times and was told by their staff that a two and half hour wait time was pretty normal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a hard review for me to write . i love dr miller and dr. mihic . it 's unacceptable though to wait 45 minutes-1 hour just to be seen . it does n't matter if my child is scheduled to see a doctor or pa -- the wait is atrocious . in feel deevalued as a customer when i have an appointment and it takes an hour to be seen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "doctors are good but the office itself is incompetent and do not communicate well . we spent multiple weeks in a run around for our daughters needed prescription including calls and visits with mistake after mistake then claims that we were wrong ? staff is rude , condescending , does not do what they say they will , and never calls you back or passes messages to the doctor . they even had the gall to lie about it when confronted with the phone records proving they did not call . sorry no matter how good the doctor the hassle is n't worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came to get shots so my kids could go to school on the first day . my kids are both going into 7th grade and my oldest is in college and i can honestly say for the first time in their lives i have found a doctor who was amazing . she answered all their questions and to really care and was very personable . i ca n't thank her enough and on to of it all she was able to get my kids in before school when all the other offices i called said they could n't put did n't have the shots available . i am so happy with this doctor 's office", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long long long wait time ! appointment at 915 am arrived at 845 am , time check 1045 and still waiting ! ! what 's the point of making an appointment ? ? they should be paying patients 35 bucks for not showing up on time ! first and last time going to this clinic ! fail !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really want my daughter to be seen by a doctor and not by a pa . i have taken my daughter to them about 5-6 times this year and every time my daughter has been seen by a pa . i ca n't wait to change insurance so i do n't have to have dr lamott as my child 's doctor whom i have not met yet since january .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "billing sucks ! uses wrong billing code and we constantly have to fix it with our insurance . wo n't be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. lisa miller is the best pediatrician . it 's usually a long wait for it but i do n't mind because the amount of time that she give my 3 kids when we are with her is more than any doctor would give . how she interact with children , she makes it a fun visit . she is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughters go to dr. jack , shes great , i would recommend her to anyone . she has great bedside manner , soft spoken and is great with kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "front office staff very rude . they talk at you like you are stupid and do n't understand anything they are saying . wait times very long . but the drs are great . they need to keep the drs and get rid of the rest of the staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "office staff is very untimely , and they do not communicate well . dr. 's are good but con 's out weight the pro 's at this office .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there is no point in making an appointment . expect it to take at least 2 hours from time of appointment to when you actually leave . also , the after hours line is a joke . they will not help you . 2 of my sons had pink eye . the 3rd got it christmas day and we called the day after christmas to see if they could write a prescription for the him since his brothers had the same thing . nope . instead we get to go sit in urgent care for 6 hours the day after christmas for pinkeye . the only reason i 'm giving 2 stars is because all the doctors , except dr. jack who i do not like at all , are amazing . the front staff has always been nice , but for me it 's the their complete lack of help that makes it 2 stars . they make you feel like they are out for more money , not to help your child .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "popped in here because i had a work obligation in the area and have been wanting to try this place forever . it was about 11:45am and there was n't a big lunch crowd yet . we got sat right away with waters at our table within minutes . i got the salmon and buckwheat noodles & veggies with the kale mango side and my colleague got the chicken salad sandwich with sweet potato fries . everything was delicious and fresh . my portion was huge and only $ 10 so i took half home . all in all it is a great place to get healthier fare for breakfast lunch dinner . they serve breakfast all day btw ! i 'll be back for sure . if i lived or worked downtown regularly i would be there all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been twice now , which was enough to land this on my regular lunch circuit . everything is fresh and pretty healthy , so i can reliably choose something that wo n't make me feel gross for the rest of the day . they 're doing some unique dishes , too , such as a cold wild rice salad with oranges and pistachios . it may need a little fine tuning- today 's summer salad was delicious , but the dressing lacked zing- but i 'll be a regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guys this place delivers breakfast ! waking up on a sunday morning to a womping temperature of 10 degrees in cle means there 's no way in hell i 'm stepping foot outside . which is why i was ecstatic when i found out this place delivers . the food was delivered to me in the warehouse district within 45 minutes , which is pretty reasonable considering i had a few friends over and we ordered 5 omelettes . the omelettes are damn good too . love the goat cheese and caramelized onions ( i always ask to add spinach too ) . just wish they had bacon . also you have to pay with a card if you 're ordering for delivery which is no big deal , just woulda been easier to pay w cash since i was splitting the bill with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really surprised when i just saw how high the rating on this place were . yes , the omelet was great ( i got an omelet with goat cheese , spinach , and tomatoes ) . the size of the portions was literally laughable . it advertises for `` fruit '' with an omelet and give you one strawberry and the smallest piece of pineapple . ha , they should have just not put that on the menu . also the size of the potato size was super small as well . what really turned me off to this place was the service . our waitress had an attitude and when i politely asked if i was supposed to get more fruit she stated `` you get what 's on your plate '' . it was incredibly rude ! it was the consensus that all five of us would never recommend that restaurant to anyone . service is key at an overpriced , organic place ( at least get a good experience ! ) and it really did n't cut it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "checked this spot out when my husband and i were in town for business . we each got different varieties of egg sandwich for breakfast . mine had spinach and goat cheese and his had mushrooms , shallots and goat cheese with the egg . the sandwiches were super filling with really good quality ingredients . it was also very reasonably priced ( $ 4.95 for the sandwich and coffee ) . quick service for our to-go orders , and i 'd definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a quick breakfast in the area . conveniently located too , though i would imagine parking might be tricky sometimes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place more than i did . i ordered the macaroni bake , or something to that extent , and it was more of a mushy curried dish . it tasted fine , but was completely different than i 'd expected . my sweet potato fries were tasty . i ca n't remember what my husband ordered , but he was underwhelmed as well . we also had the brownie , which was ok , a little bitter in my opinion . i would try it again but get something off the breakfast menu instead . i saw some other meals that looked delicious - i think i just picked the wrong stuff . the restaurant was packed so i think phuel has more to offer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lots of potential here with a range of offerings for standard fare ( omelets ) as well as more adventurous fare ( kale-aid , anyone ? ) . i love that they have a varied menu with lots of organic , veg vegan gluten free options that are clearly noted on the menu . they also have protein for carnivores like me ! chicken , steak and salmon are add-ons . i went with the seasonal salad with romaine , strawberries , walnuts and goat cheese with griled chicken and balsamic dressing . good but i felt it was missing something . knowing my palate i was looking for the taste of bacon ... ha ha . service is great . takeout and delivery through eat street are available . a great addition to downtown eats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "too bad i ca n't give this zero stars . horrid service . walked in to a server nearly running into me yelling over her shoulder `` we ai n't got no tables , sit at the bar ! '' um ... ok. that 's an interesting way to greet a customer . i could see at least two open tables and a table of 2 finished with their food , likely to leave in the next 5 minutes . i stood there for another minute only to be approached by a other employee who told us to sit at the bar and then walked away . still was not sure where the bar was at this point either . it was about 11:30am on a saturday and not terribly busy either . at this point , i just left . awful awful awful customer service . note to the owner : please fire your wait staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i stumbled on this cafe about six months ago when we were apartment hunting downtown and fell in love . the local farm fresh and organic aspect caught our eye first but their amazing food kept us coming back . since we 've moved from ny to cleveland 4 months ago , this has been our go to spot . we just had brunch there this morning ! delicious walnut dark chocolate banana pancakes and eggs with walnut raisin toast and homefries . i just ca n't get enough . we also love the lunch and dinner menu . the peanut chicken dish is my favorite ! their takeout option is fantastic too . we strongly recommend phuel and will be taking our out of town guests here for breakfast next weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a refreshingly cool breakfast and lunch spot at playhouse square . many vegan options , but they serve meat too ! service is typically slow , but the food is top notch , fresh and inventive . they are open saturday mornings which is rare downtown . the omelets are large and the walnut raisin toast is wonderful . ( sometimes i stop just for the toast ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect breakfast spot right in the heart of playhouse square . perfect especially for guests staying at the wyndham down the street - see my review ! absolutely try their green apple and ginger breakfast drink . tastes wonderful and is served in a cute mason jar . the salmon egg sandwich was also spot on . prices are n't too bad - especially for the great location - right in front of the sparkling chandelier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on service alone this place is amazing ! ! the gentleman on the phone was extremely helpful and they do delivery too ! ! ! fantastic , ca n't wait for my food to arrive", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great service , well priced . online ordering is extremely convenient if you 're in a hurry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cafe seems like a cool idea : cute decor , view of playhouse square , etc . but the service was n't great , and the glasses were dirty , and maybe this is just my california taste for fish , but the salmon was n't good at all : ( potatoes were delicious though !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place seems to be a gem . they have a beautiful healthy menu including delicious fresh juices . the food we had was really rich and delicious . it tasted like thanksgiving . fyi on show nights they are super busy and have a limited menu . great fast service tho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was finally able to try out pheul today ! the staff was very welcoming and went over the menu as well as their motto eat , learn , be happy ... .with me . i decided to try the omelet with smoked white fish , lemon , goat cheese and shallots with whole wheat toast . delicious superb i will be back i highly recommended this fine establishment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of great vegetarian and vegan options , plus meat for carnivores . i loved the seitan reuben ; it he seitan was salty and a little crisp , and the bread was a nicely toasted rye . the side of chilled broccoli with an asian sauce was tasty too . however the service was slow , and the waitress , while friendly , was n't very familiar with the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "breakfast was amazing ! tons of fresh veggies you do n't normally get at a bfast joint ! had green smoothie and that was on point as well ! a very yummy and healthy spot ! ca n't wait to try it for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i was blown away by the quality of the food and friendly service . i just moved from florida to cleveland and it 's very difficult to find healthy and tasty food and at amazing prices . very cute location ... i will be back time and time again . my 4 year old loved the baked potato fries , and i had the kale salad with the salmon entr\u00e9e . im usually tired after a big meal and i felt amazing . phuel caf\u00e9 is much needed in cleveland , and i highly recommend it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store manager and partner brandon is freaking amazing . this guy was so friendly to explain the menu and all the hot picks . the food choices are great if you like to eat healthy . i ca n't wait to eat here for the rest of our trip here ! love this place . great location as well . right across the street is the university , playhouse square and ohio theater . definitely a 5 star at this joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little breakfast joint . my omelette hit the spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only place where i can consistently walk in hungry , eat a healthy meal , and leave full and energized . fresh juices made to order . try the whitefish omelette ! highly , highly , highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! wanted a quick brunch and were so happy to find this place . tons of options on the breakfast side , with omelets , pancakes , and yogurts . i got the eggs with potatoes and toast which were so good . the whole wheat toast was surprisingly delicious and the potatoes were seasoned perfectly . my boyfriend got the dark chocolate pancakes which were equally amazing . the service was a little slow but i think the waitress was new . there were definitely some more interesting `` healthier options '' but still traditional breakfast options as well . wish i lived closer so i could go back asap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been on my bucket list for the past few month 's based on yelp reviews . not sure that my first visit was quite 4 stars , maybe 3.5 . a co-worker and i stopped here for lunch on a tuesday afternooon . the place was empty when we arrived , but slowly started to fill up , after we sat down . i had previewed the menu on-line and opted for the chicken salad sandwich and side of tabbouleh . my co-worker ordered a salad and 1 choc chip pancake ( lol ! ) . our meals arrived a short time later . my sandwich was tasty , the bun was fresh , although the chicken salad lacked just a little something , maybe some tarragon ? just needed a little more flavor . the tabbouleh lacked a lot of flavor , very watery , needed some lemon and a bit more seasoning . i did however taste my co-worker 's pancake and it was outstanding . all in all , i will return to try some of the other options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owners are very kind people who genuinely care about their business and customers . i travel all around the us and really appreciated their great service . even when the cafe is jam packed they hustle and work very hard to make things right , every experience a good experience for their customers . i honestly found their food to be underpriced ... i paid $ 5 for the tofu scramble and in my hometown of anchorage , ak i would pay around $ 12-15 for the amount of food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a performer , i wish there was a phuel cafe located next to every theatre . for real . the ginger get well is amazing , along with the green smoothie . everything on the menu seems to be amazing as well . the owner is quite a cool dude , wait staff is brilliantly chipper and knowledgeable . for this quality of food , the prices are unbelievable . this place rocks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , yummy , healthy breakfast . great options for vegetarians and vegan . i had the tofu scramble . it was very well seasoned . kind service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried the phuel seitan reuben , and the white asparagus+cauliflower tater tots . the sandwich was quite good and the tots were a bit too soft but still had a good flavor . i should note the waiter was kind and did a decent job , but the biggest issue was i waited 40 minutes from being seated until my food arrived . i could only see six tables full and there were two people working on the waitstaff . kind waiters and pretty good vegan or near vegan food will probably bring me back for a second visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as i read some of the reviews previously posted i can agree with many of them . my experience was just ok. service was very average , the wait was incredibly long for ordering eggs . the menu does say fruit with the eggs but upon arrival it appears only as a garnish with a small piece of pineapple and one strawberry slice . why bother to mention that in the description . i was there over an hour which was too long considering the simple order i placed . i wanted to love this place but it appears there are things that need to be worked out in the kitchen and with the service staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "saying that this place is awesome just does n't do it justice . plenty of wonderful options for breakfast or lunch , and they 're all healthy , too ! what more could one possibly ask for ! ? -- - oh , and did i mention , the owner is one of the coolest folks you 'll ever have the pleasure of meeting ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took an extremely long time to get our food . when we did , it was obviously microwave reheated-hot in spots and cold in others . the black bean soup was water with beans and onions in it . almost no flavor at all . the vegetable shepherd 's pie was a an overcooked mush with cooked potato chunks on top . the servers were attentive and friendly but either not very good servers , or stuck with a poorly managed kitchen . just avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered lunch from here today . it was a large variety of some of their unique food combinations . i had the grilled eggplant some vegetable bean soup and kale aid . i 've never heard of kale aid before but it 's not bad . i had to get a water to chase it . tasty lunch and i hear breakfast is really good here . check this place out if you are in cleveland .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place took an hour to serve us two omelettes . an hour . to cook eggs ! if you see that they have more than three tables to serve do not go in there and order . the food will take far too long ! and they brought my side of fries burned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really disappointed . looking at the awesome menu online i was super excited to try this place for the first time . employees were rude . subpar , sloppily prepared food . the burger was dry and lacking toppings that the menu said it had . kitchen seemed busy but still receiving poor food and service is n't cool .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow not edible food chocolate chip pancake looks like they threw in a few chocolate chips on top of the pancake . two pieces of fruit . potatoes- not edible ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great place for lunch . in town for a conference and it was one of few places open in playhouse square for food , however it would be a nice choice even if that was n't the case . lots of healthy options for vegan , vegetarian and gluten free . no veggie burgers and fries on this far more creative menu . the spicy szechuan bead curd is spicy , as said , and tasty . i really enjoyed the peanut maple drink . such an interesting combination of flavors in drink form . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service ! food was not very good though . i had the yogurt and granola and it was 80 % stale granola , 10 % fruit and 10 % yogurt . i had to ask for extra yogurt and even when i did , i ended up eating my husband 's food because the granola was just too stale . the service was great though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got the buckwheat noodles w salmon and veggies , a side of sweet potato fries and the kale aid . everything was so good ! if you enjoy light , healthy yet delicious food , this is the place to go ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my coworker and i decided to give this place another try after bad customer service . same darn thing happened again today and we only ordered smoothies . the owner needs an attitude adjustment . seriously", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the one positive thing is that we were sat promptly but the food we ordered , the curry bowl on special , was tasteless . the two juices we ordered were never brought to us and we still were charged for them . unfortunately , this was an unpleasant experience , which is a shame for such a good location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pancakes had a corn based ? instead of flour i suppose which made it taste extremely weird leaving a bad after taste . eggs were delightful along with the potatoes . the toast tasted weird as well . the presentation is nice and the food comes quickly . it 's my second time returning and i do n't think i 'm coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's something magical about eating healthy , wholesome food while watching the busy city-scape go about it 's monday morning . there 's a reason it 's name is phuel ; you really feel energized afterwards ! friendly , cool staff and cheap , healthy fuel for the day . you ca n't beat that , which is why this is my new favorite spot downtown . try a smoothie and a huge breakfast sandwich . it will run you around $ 10 . they have to-go as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the portobella panini which was n't even a panini.. it came on a bun ! completely tasteless and the salad it came with was doused in so much vinaigrette that it was disgusting . overpriced for the quality , have to go down to the basement of the building through an elevator to even get to a bathroom . service was meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious and healthy breakfast at a very reasonable price ! we sat down at the wyndham for breakfast where we greeted with a price of $ 14.95 to help ourselves to a buffet . not being very hungry and feeling that we were headed for a high priced disappointment we walked down the block instead . i 'm really happy that we did ! we walked in to phuel . i asked what the best breakfast was , and branden told me to order the branden ( not on the menu ) . a spinach , feta breakfast sandwich on walnut raisin toast . it was amazing ! so delicious ! ! ! ! at $ 4.95 with free coffee it was a much better value , even when i paid an extra $ 4.00 for fresh squeezed oj . also amazing . you can tell when the juice was a whole orange moments before drinking it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ive been going here for breakfast for the past 5 months and it 's usually very good . food is cooked to order and very filling . sometimes you may get a tuff cut of steak which is annoying . but other than that food is great . the service is alway a+ and make you feel welcome and not rushed . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phuel is quickly becoming my favorite place to eat . they find the perfect balance between tasty and healthy . never have i ordered the same thing twice , and everything i have tried so far has been innovative and delicious , phuel is a must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in cleveland for a wedding this weekend and stumbled upon phuel cafe on sunday . the staff was incredibly nice and friendly . the food was excellent . i had an egg sandwich with swiss and spinach on wheat toast which was excellent . also had a great unsweetened black iced tea . wish we had a phuel near my apartment in manhattan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was very helpful & knowledgeable in meeting the dinner needs of my daughter & me . the kale salad is incredible ! ( note that the version of the menu posted on yelp is way out of date . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall the food was good , but not amazing . the service system needs a lot of improvements as my specialty drink did not come out until my food had been eaten and they ran out of its ingredients and needed to make me a new drink ... . so i sat after i ate waiting on a drink i did n't originally want . but that being said , my server ( although hard to hear ) was very nice and accommodating . could n't give me menu suggestions , but he seemed like the only server for 12 tables at lunch . he needed help !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waitress octavia was very rude ! disappointing because otherwise a great restaurant . i am vegan and the restaurant had several vegan and vegetarian options . i had the veggie burger and it was delicious !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a small restaurant across from the idea center building and playhouse square . they serve healthy & fresh foods that provide energy & phuel for your body . they also have a lot of vegan and vegetarian food . the place is small , but quaint with a great view of the phs chandelier . i recommend this place for brunch , lunch or dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the manager is the nicest person ever , he really makes the whole atmosphere of the restaurant . it has a great view or the chandelier and great food that makes you feel good about yourself . give the peanut butter chocolate chip cookies a try but ask for just the cookie dough , he 'll know exactly what you 're talking about ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! delicious food , fast delivery and vegan friendly ! best portobello mushroom i have had too date ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really yummy ! breakfast all day , so i had an omelette for lunch . lotsa veggie filling ( mushrooms , tomatoes , and spinach ) . fast , friendly service . the coffee was just so-so , but everything else was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty and the waiter was a sweetheart ! i had the chicken and peanuts and the artichokes , my other half had the steak bowl and soup ... . very good and filling !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a coffee and quick breakfast . this is a local restaurant with a diner feel that offers a variety of healthy food options and has friendly staff . it 's good to have places like this downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just love this place : ) whenever i come from california to cleveland this is my first stop : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was a little slow , but the food was pretty good . a quaint little cafe which features healthier lighter options . my omelette was fairly standard . the potatoes were seasoned very well and the portion was huge ! i tried the homemade pear jelly with my toast and it was amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love going to the kind of place that embraces nutrition and flavor , especially on a mini vacation . my daughters love the build your own boba ! the breakfast choices were nice because two of us wanted something light and two wanted a hearty breakfast and there were options for all . the food was served quick and hot , the breads were wonderful and hearty . the atmosphere was beautiful , i loved the art and the service was so friendly which is nice first thing in the morning . would definitely recommend to swing by here instead of hitting up a chain restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my wife went here prior to a show at playhouse square . i was hesitant due to the more organic menu . however , i was pleasantly full after my portabella reuben sandwich and macbake as a side . will definitely go back . prices were good , and the food was even better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like that this place is in tune with the way in which people like to eat these days . however , this place never has enough people on staff which i get because their business comes in waves . the seating is very nyc style but also annoying . they do n't have a bathroom available for quick relief , one must travel to the buildings basement to use the facilities . overall i like this cafe but some features and issues just make me want to go elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great take on healthy food . it tastes to good you would n't even know your eating healthy . you must try the drinks too , the ginger be healthy is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had pheul for the first time today while judging a scholastic contest at cia today . since they were providing lunch , i did n't what to expect ( but it 's cleveland , and we have amazing food , so i was n't stressed ) i was very impressed with their chicken salad sandwich as well as the amazing kale salad . i do n't think i 've ever eaten kale cold before but this salad had some citrus as well as something sweet in it . i would eat it again in a heartbeat ! i will be going back to pheul very soon : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a must every time i visit cleveland . i absolutely adore the smoothies they have . phuel is located in the absolutely beautiful cleveland theatre district , right across from playhouse square . one of the great things about this place is it 's all organic , fresh , and high quality . do n't expect your food deep fried ... it does n't happen here . both times i 've been here i 've ate breakfast . i 've ordered the pancakes and french toast ... both were very good . i 'll be returning to cleveland again in february and i 'll post an updated review then , although i 'm sure it 'll be just as good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in randomly . not sure if you 're supposed to call to make reservations but the wait around lunch time is inevitable . super fast service , good food . sort of a small place but overall cute .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found the menu for phuel in our apt building and was pleasantly surprised at the gluten free options available . eating downtown is challenging with food allergies and this place is great . i could eat here everyday ! ! good quality , portions and flavor . not to mention the knowledge of the staff on the ingredients is awesome . i love the easy set up for take out with a separate layout for dine in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a gem in this neighborhood ! this has been my go-to place for healthy food while playing for 3 weeks at the connor palace theater . they are incredibly fast when you need something to go and have lots of delicious options.. the kale salad with honey-lemon dressing is great , i get it every time . lots of bowl options with brown rice , real leafy green salads to go , etc . healthy and fast.. and very tasty . great customer service as well . it blows my mind that a health food place like this uses plastic bags , no recycling or compost , etc . but that seems to be the norm for cleveland in my short experience here.. my hotel literally just does n't recycle bottles or cans..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what to say about phuel ? ? it is an amazing place with amazing staff ! even thought this place focuses on healthy and vegetarian foods , there are still great meat options for those who like their meat . everything i have had here is delicious , and they are constantly featuring special entrees too ! i ca n't talk enough about the awesome food here . hands down , this place has the best greek salad i have ever had . they put just the right amount of their home made dressing on the salad , which is major to me . normally , i ask for the dressing on the side because the salad is usually soaked in dressing at other places . however , phuel is always perfect . another huge plus for me is the staff . the staff is great here . the servers and kitchen staff are genuinely friendly , which makes me feel welcome here . lastly , the owner brandon , is an awesome guy . he is astoundingly friendly and passionate about his restaurant . my fianc\u00e9 and i love coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not really a remarkable put in any way , it 's one of these ones where you never think to go even if it is 3 minutes from your flat . it 's a bit , meh when thinking of places to spend your evening.. however , when you get in it seems to be so friendly and pleasant that it 's like a derren brown mind trick and you want to stay there forever and ever . a warm interior , fairy lights and it 's proximity to the centre of town make it a strange treat now and again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes , i was a tourist and i guess that probably makes this review garbage but i loved this place . we first walked in to just have a pint or two and did n't plan on staying long at all . after about 15 minutes , one of the regulars came up to us and just started talking to us , then inviting us over to his group . well a couple pints turned into lots of beer and scotch over 2 visits during my trip to edinburgh . sure , the pub is a fairly standard pub but the people were great . if i find myself back in scotland , i will be sure to go out of my way to have a pint here again.. and talk trash about england .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die pizza war nicht schlecht , aber umgehauen hat sie mich nicht . mit frischen zutaten w\u00e4re das wohl leckerer . der mozzarella hat 's noch rausgerissen . die nudeln meiner freundin waren aber lecker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordentliche hausmannskost auf italienische art . gute portionen , also nicht zu gro\u00df , aber auch nicht zu klein . sehr freundliche , flotte bedienung , war wirklich sehr aufmerksam und auf zack . kinderfreundlicher laden ! die nudeln h\u00e4tten einen tick weicher sein k\u00f6nnen , aber das ist geschmackssache , denke ich . der salat war sehr frisch , das gem\u00fcse war lecker , bis auf blumenkohl und rosenkohl , die mir aus einer tk-mischung zu stammen schienen , das war aber zu verschmerzen . die pizza fand ich pers\u00f6nlich ein wenig zu fettig , daf\u00fcr aber war der boden sch\u00f6n knusprig . die toiletten sind sauber . alles in allem w\u00fcrde ich sagen : ein anst\u00e4ndiger italiener , nicht unbedingt was f\u00fcrs fein essen gehen da gibt 's ja dann auch la stella . die atmosph\u00e4re entsprach irgendwie einer urigen dorfkneipe . das hat auch seinen reiz : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mit hilfe des schlemmerblockes sind wir in der taverna da pagano gelandet . wir sind schon lange auf der suche nach einem guten italiener in stuttgart und ich muss sagen , das suchen hat ein ende . das restaurant ist gem\u00fctlich eingerichtet , wir wurden nett begr\u00fc\u00dft und durften uns einen tisch aussuchen , da noch relativ viel frei war ( das sich aber im laufe des abends schnell ge\u00e4ndert hat ) . die vorspeisen kamen relativ schnell und haben sehr gut geschmeckt ; auch die ausgesuchten pizzen waren super , mit frischen zutaten belegt und haben einfach lecker geschmeckt . da wir f\u00fcr jeweils zwei vorspeisen , getr\u00e4nke und pizzen unter 30 , - gezahlt haben , war der abend auch preislich v\u00f6llig in ordnung und definitiv eine wieder holung wert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aus da enzo ist da pagana geworden , die fr\u00fcheren inhaber des il moulino . leider kann das essen nicht mehr mithalten . die pizzen waren fr\u00fcher um welten besser und zumindest der beilagensalat sah aus wie abfallsalat . auf der pizza salame picante e pecorino befanden sich ungef\u00e4hr sechs scheiben pikante salami und h\u00f6chstens ebenso viele hauchd\u00fcnne streifen schafsk\u00e4se . der pizzaboden schmeckte nicht ann\u00e4hernd so wie zu zeiten des il moulino ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "50 years in business most impressive restaurant decor plus our server was dressed to the nines in his native mexican attire . maybe we 've been to too many stark taquerias . menu items ordered : 27 . cheese enchilada and ground beef taco with rice and beans for momo ... . nothing to write home about ... just most filling . 58 . chimichanga with pork , chili verde , enchilada style for $ 1.00 more for yu-go ... now his entree was the better of the two ... again he finished off his chimichanga . parking is not an issue . the bar is in the back in a small separate room with `` banos '' close by . chapala 's has been around since 1965 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i really enjoy this place . the service is always good and the food is tasty and reasonably priced . we usually get the mexican dinner combo plate it comes with soup or salad , rice and beans and 2 3 of any of the following : enchilada chile relleno burrito taco tamale your choice of meats are chicken , shredded or ground beef , and pork . a 2 item combo is $ 12.50 and the 3 item is a dollar more . i love the chile rellenos . that is my favorite thing on the whole menu . i get them almost every time . i do n't really care for the burritos or tacos but the fajitas were good . like every place they have some good and some bad . the chips and salsa are probably my least favorite things . the chips are bland they have no salt and the salsa just taste like tomato sauce . oh well i will still go here when i 'm in the mood for mexican .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easy to find and alot of parking . staff is friendly and been here a long time . menu is authentic , consistent and combo with good rice and beans . fajitas are also authentic mexican style and worth trying . prices very reasonable and good overall experience . will repeat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this place since i was a kid . before they used to have a smaller , more intimate location with a large water fountain . it was beautiful and the staff would treat you like family with amazing food . now , they have moved to a larger location . it kinda reminds me of a mexican denny 's . it is not as good as it once was , and much of the original staff is now gone . however , i still believe it 's the best mexican food in town . a step down from what it once was , but still , the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic , delicious , and reasonably priced . this place is good to go . the staff is very friendly and the environment is welcoming . i have eaten there with co workers and my family and the atmosphere was appropiate for both . my favorite is the chimichunga with beans and rice and a jamaican horchata yummm . the serving size is fairly large and i always walk away feeling full . i have yet to see anything served that did n't appear to be appetizing . for a family or group of about 4 without any alcoholic beverages plan on spending roughly $ 50 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't like the food . the beans taste like they came from a refried beans can , the enchiladas beef taste like taco bell taco meat . i told the waitress i wanted to replace the spanish rice with a side of extra beans , before i order . the amount of money i pay for my dish i got a small plate of food instead . when me and my friends pay the waitress was on the side counting the money in front of us and how much of a tip she got from us . on the refill on the drinks if you drink more than 3 times they wo n't offer no more refill . inside tip ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! for all you customers if you and friends decide to go eat there be ready to split your bill since they wo n't separate bill individually . i wo n't be back there the amount of money i spend . i would rather spend my money at roberto taco shop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been coming here since i moved to vegas ! sad they moved the location but this is def . a great spot for mexican dishes and margaritas = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as longtime vegas residents , we used to really like this place . it 's gone downhill . kind of depressing ambience , i mean there 's a difference between not-lavishly-decorated and just plain blah . the food was n't great , and we were very disappointed in the processed faux guacamole we got for five bucks that was advertised as fresh-made .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was born really close to the mexican border so when i heard this was the best mexican place in town , naturally i had to act fast . it 's located centrally which is pretty nice - not in the best neighborhood , but easy access to the freeway . i should 've known that this place was going to be a disaster from they 're chips and salsa . one salsa was way too spicy and the other tasted like tomato sauce . when our food arrived ( after a good wait ) my guacamole had a fowl , spoiled taste and my mom 's steak was rare . we sent both plates back ( which i never do ) and my second plate came equipped with beef instead of the chicken i order . besides that , the food was just mediocre . the beans were too salty , and the meat was under-seasoned . prices are reasonable for a sit down joint , but you can honestly get better food a roberto 's . skip this one !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "reasonably priced , well prepared , hardy portions . the food here is pretty typical mexican food . certainly a lot better than taco bell or del taco , but nothing special . it was good , hot , and generous in size -- i could n't finish mine . the waiter was prompt and efficient and there were several beers to choose from . as a value , this is a good choice of place to go . you will get a good meal for a fair price and have good service . for a lot of restaurants , that would be a lot to expect but here is it what i got . this is a good place for lunch and i would certainly return . it 's just a good , everyday eatery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times now , and i hard a hard time between 3 & 4 stars ... the food is good , not great ... .there are other local places i feel that do have better , more authentic mexican or even tex mex food nearby . the service has been hit and miss , so 3 stars ... not a bad place , do n't get me wrong . it is good , but pretty much average . obviously , we keep trying it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there other location closed ! ! ! ! this is my spot please eat here ! ! ! ! they are awesome the service is great and now i have to drive to the east side to eat ... ..i dont know what i would do if this location closed they have employees that have been working for them for 25 years i think that says something about the owners ummm like they are awesome ... i ate today at this location to find out my dear marta and mirta are still there but manuel is not ... the food was still great the service too i love chapalas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fajitas are so good and the chunky guacamole ! service is really great to . this is are second time coming and we enjoyed it each time . it 's hard to find good mexican food in vegas but we deff like this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch here today..first time i 've been here in a while . i had the cheese enchiladas , and chips and salsa . the `` hot '' salsa was actually pretty good , but its more of a `` medium '' than hot . the chips are good , not too salty , which is nice . i enjoyed my enchiladas , but it really is hard to screw up cheese enchiladas . i enjoyed the sauce as well . my coworkers were pretty satisfied with their dishes as well . i was a bad vegetarian though , as i did n't ask what was in the beans or rice ... the beans definitely did n't taste like they were cooked in lard , but i will ask next time i am there . the portion sizes were big , i did n't finish mine , and the price was n't too bad ... lunch for under $ 10 . it was n't too crowded at lunch time , but the place is also pretty big .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "each time the familia comes to vegas , we always stop here for some great comida . everyone here is friendly and the food is great . enjoy a great margarita when ever you sit down too . the staff is always friendly and eager to make you feel good . i would rather eat here than at those fancy places on the strip that rip you off with fake comida .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service ... . our waiter looked as though he was hating life ... the only good service we got was from our bus boy who i wish could have gotten the entire tip ! food was n't anything i would go out of my way for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have eaten here quite a bit and usually get the same server . i took the boys out for a dinner when mom could not come and we got a different server this time . the mariachi band was extremely loud and never took a rest . the food was decent but when i received the bill , i was charged $ 3.50 for a small ramekin of hot salsa ! i wish i had known this before i ate because i had him bring another ramekin of hot salsa with the meal . $ 7 for salsa ... what a rip off ! ! that will likely be the last time we ever eat there ! free salsa and chips before the meal , but to add a bit of heat they milk you out of $ 3.50 for 2oz of salsa . beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did like this restaurant in its old location and i miss some of the homey-ness of the old building , i think that they certainly lost a lot on the atmosphere monitor when they moved . the new location is roomier , but not as nice . surprisingly , that does make a bigger difference than you would think . the old location had booths which were almost private , a big fountain in the middle of the room , and some charm which made up for the fact that the food was about middle of the road . it was a `` family '' place for us when the kids were growing up , and i have n't been back since the first try since they moved . there are just too many other choices . i do n't dislike it , but it 's really not as special . they have the standard combination plates rice beans red sauce , but not as many unusual offerings as , say , michocan on di , so i think they are falling behind the leaders as more come on the scene .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the current rating is 3.5 stars but this is definitely a 4.5 star place . i just ate here for the 2nd time . my girlfriends family loves this place and i do n't blame them . fast service . pollo en mole and two burrito plates come well recommended by me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome family owned business , traditional mexican food at an affordable price , service is awesome , i 've been coming here for about 30 years and the same people still work there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a good place to stop for lunch on our trip as it was near the goodwill store . the staff was nice the food was good however the salsa was not very good . i was disappointed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is always very tasty . beans and rice are great . excellent traditional food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really not good . the chips and salsa is the worst.. stale chips and bland salsa . i got the chicken flautas and found pieces of bones in them . the only reason it gets an extra star is the service is good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been going to this restaurant for over 20 years . this is by far the best mexican food in town . you ca n't go wrong with any of the items on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place usually is so good with service , seating , and receiving food . this time they had a cook walk out and the owner had to step in . our food took over an hour to come out . they did seat us fast and we received our drink and chips quickly . the server was very nice but you can tell she was having a rough night . she did give us free drinks to the delay in the food . the food was great . i will re-review my stars on the next visit . i will be back . this place is normally great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best mexican food in las vegas ! i recommend this place to everyone i know . also they have the best margaritas ! ! ! their chimichangas , shrimp tacos , fajitas and anything that has the carne asada is my favorite ! everyone has yo try this place ! do n't even bother with lindo michoacan it does n't even come close to their flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best enchilada platter in town . the beans and rice are good . got a carne asada plate once , it was pretty good too . ca n't go wrong here , tacos just ok though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local spot that has been in town for 30+ years . i have been coming to chapalas my whole life and it 's the `` cheers '' of restaurants . everyone always remembers me and remembers what i get . does n't matter if i sit in the bar for a great margarita or out in the dinning room for dinner i am always comfortable and feel like i am at home . they also run a great brunch buffet on sunday 's that includes bottomless mimosas or bloody mary 's . if you are looking for a great local spot for lunch and dinner or just a cool spot to grab a drink you will always feel welcome at chapalas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i ate here on vacation , and we were largely unimpressed . our server was abrupt and unfriendly . i got a beef burrito but was surprised when it came out with no sauce on top ( it was just a simple tortilla with beef and beans in it ) . it would have been very plain had i not poured some of the chip salsa on top . my friend got a shrimp dish which he thought was decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like this place . the food is good . but i do n't come here for the food . its all about the margaritas . i really do n't think ive had a better one in vegas or maybe any where . word to the wise.. take it easy because these margaritas will sneak up on you . 1 large and your feeling it . seriously . try 1 . i might have to go back tonight because writing this is making me want a margarita . the chips are good too . the spicy salsa is actually spicy . very tasty . now i want chips . i always stick to chicken entrees and have never been let down . beans are rice are good . i have already eaten here once in the past week but i am ready to go back . its a good place and obvi recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ... best margaritas.. no complaints.. excellent service for sure.authentic mexican food.wish it was closer to me but worth the drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i have been coming to chapala 's for 37 years , when they were on charleston blvd . grandpa did the cooking . the food is still grandpa 's delicious recipes . nobody does chili relleno like this place ! love ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off i 'm going to say that i love the decor ! the server was nice but the food was just ok. first and last time here..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best mexican food in vegas the waiters alberto , rigo , miguel are the best waiters in vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a fan for over 10 years . we have held numerous a la carte parties here . with reservations we have had parties for 20+ and always had a fabulous time . the drinks are good and the food even better . the service is good and the staff always remembers me when i come in . chapalas is a great place for a dinner for two or a party of twenty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just mediocre . i would not eat here again . it 's overpriced for what you get . i ordered the chimichanga , it is just stuffed with ground beef and some kind of tasteless sauce . would not eat here again . overpriced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we visited chapala 's this week for lunch and some light day-drinking . as horrible smokers , we 're always happy to find a place that has an outdoor patio , and chapala 's is even located in the shade ! the bartender takes and delivers food orders on the patio , and even though he had a pretty busy bar that day we waited for nothing . nice guy . the food here is always good . not eye-rolling fantastic , but solid and yummy . make sure to order the 'fresh made ' guacamole rather than the regular stuff ... it 's worth the extra buck . also , mr. bartender guy makes a mean godfather margarita .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my co-works always chooses this place for catered lunches . my manager says they are extremely nice there ! they always help her out to the car . they give us a huge order of chips and salsa . some of our orders ask for sour cream on the side and they give us a large container of sour cream for everyone to share . they food is yummy . none of us has had one complaint so far . i used to live walking distance from this place but never gave t a show . i wish i would have . i 'll have to take my boy friend here some day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , the atmosphere not so great , but the meal was best ever . top notch in taste , heat , & presentation . even simple rice & beans were delicious and hot off the broiler . the blend of flavors amazing and i recommend this place for that reason alone . sorry decor not updated , more like out dated . still a good meal for that mexican craving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is ok service on the other hand not very good tried it last monday i had order crab enchiladas super fishy could n't eat so this week tried on tuesday had cheese , chicken enchiladas and asked what was the best tamales pork they said so dam dry very dissatisfied never told them just asked for the check then got a bad attitude will not be coming back very sad this happens all the time ca n't believe i grow up in this town", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good and place has potential , but unfortunately we had a bad experience . waitress spilled margaritas on us , and my friend got a little wet . no problem , except they did n't even offer to discount our ticket or offer free drinks , which is kind of expected in this industry after you spill drinks on your customers . also , waitress was mia a few times throughout our meal despite being only customers in the restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we love chapala 's and are regulars there ... sometimes we comment that we are addicted to it . we often have their cheese enchiladas with ranchero sauce -- wonderful with lots of cheese . i 've also had their pork tamales and their steak fajitas which are also excellent . i nearly always start off with a bowl of their albondigas soup which is outstanding . the wait staff are friendly and do a good job , especially when they get to know you . the receptionist who is also the cashier is a bit cold until she gets to know you . we 've taken guests there and they , too , always enjoy chapala 's . i 'd readily recommend chapala 's to friends who want excellent tex-mex food in vegas . as we leave , we usually comment to one another that we are absolutely stuffed as we ca n't stop eating chapala 's delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food not great but good . my girlfriend and i had nacho 's to start . the nachos were very fresh and filling . then we both had the fish taco 's wich were good . if the soft taco shell was cooked i think it would have made a world of difference . but the flavor of the fish inside was really good . the plate came with 2 taco 's wich we both could not finish . needless to say i had a fish taco 's for lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "last night was our second time at chapala 's . the food was good , inexpensive but tasty and with big portions . i had the chile relleno served a la carter . for $ 4 , i was n't expecting much but the portion was huge and i was full with just that ( and the chips of course ) . the relleno is stuffed with cheese , and the plating is pretty average . i 've also had the beef chimichanga and the appetizer sampler . i think the food is flavored for americans more than a true mexican palate . this is n't trendy food or a trendy atmosphere . but i give it four stars because they serve good tasting , well priced , large portions of food . they have good service ( for the most part ) , and while your neighbors may be loud , they do n't pipe the music in at such a volume that you ca n't have a conversation . oh , and it is easy to get a parking space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful food and service . traditional family recipes . this family and their restaurant has survived everything . at least here in las vegas for 35+ years . my husband and i did n't take pictures yet , because we ate it all ! everytime , every week ! shrimp al a diablo , or garlic shrimp . deep fried 1 2 pollo , chicken . they 're albondigas . yum ! the salsa is delicious , always ! our favorite mexican food . we 're picky , from l.a. crave their food ! 5 star 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love to come here for a margarita and the carne asada plate . it is absolutely delicious ! i think i will actually head over there today with my kids . i come from california and am really hard to please with mexican food - but this place definitely fits the bill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know if the late night cooks do n't care or what , but the food was horrible . my boyfriend ordered a chicken taco & it was completely soggy like it 's been sitting for hours . he also ordered enchiladas and they were also soggy because the meat was so wet . i ordered the pollo a la chapala ( which sounded good in the menu description ) chunks of chicken breast saut\u00e9ed with onions and covered in sauce , & cheese ... i came home excited to eat my food and it was a whole fried chicken ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i was so grossed out . we literally threw all of our food away : ( we only live 2 miles away but i did n't even want to waste my time to go back & complain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been frequent customers of chapala 's for decades . friendly servers and delicious makes this a place we treasure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice , and was not disappointed either time . the food was very good , the service was good , but the atmosphere was very dark . i guess that one would call it a `` romantic atmosphere '' , but i went there at lunchtime , and i prefer seeing my food , over romance ( plus i 'm married ... 'nough said . ) the prices were also quite reasonable . it 's sort of `` off the beaten path '' , and the only reason i even noticed it , was because i was at the petco ( or petsmart , i can never tell those two apart ) , which was within eye-shot . and the second time i went was also when i was shopping at the pet store . but , all said , i would recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been to chapala 's in a long time , i just happened to be around the area so i decided to drop by . i was seated fast by the hostess , and i did n't have to wait long for my food which is good . however , while i was waiting for my food , the silverware was exposed the on the table without being wrapped in a linen cloth . i thought that was weird . i ordered the mole enchiladas , it was good . it could have been seasoned a bit more then it would have tasted great . the flan was sweet but it lacked flavor . overall i had a decent experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "average . so very , very average . got the popular lunch special combo # 27 . it was ok , but certainly not high quality anything in that combo plate . i looked up the spanish word for average , which is promedio . if they ever change the restaurant name i suggest el promedio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "please take to heart what their rep said - e.g . the garment 'did not appear to be warn a week ' . it was warned a week as you can not put this on without the shoulder straps . the staff was treating me like dirt and they wanted to see how they can basically not give me anything . do not buy from them . identical product is on line with free shipping and much , much better prices . ultimate revenge is when a local business where their only job is a good customer service fails and treats their customers as liars and dirt . stella 's corset benefited so much from my referals over the years but for now , i was able and will continue to tell people what happened and refer them to better places to get this product . this business deteriorated to the point of no return . you wo n't be happy , and it is your choice to go there after being warned . both isaac and maria are there just to abuse you . liars always disgust me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this store a few years ago . what a waste of $ 80 . i bought a corset that of course looked really good in the store when i tried it on . however , wearing that corset with jeans and everyday clothing proved to be a huge burden of discomfort . the bones would stick out when i sat down . it wore tight enough that i had a bundle of skin and fat sticking up at the top of the corset . the shape it gave me didnt look natural at all . i contacted stellas corset and explained the situation i was having . the response ? 10 % off my next purchase . what makes these people think id buy anything from that store again when the customer service and return or even exchange policy is complete garbage ! ! ! ? id never go back nor recommend this place to anyone . you can get a soft shape former at sears or the bay for a fraction of the price with a much better return policy . this store is garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "though parsian fine food is no super khorak http : www.yelp.ca biz super-khorak-north-york # hrid:6vizcavfoic14ulkjiy5jq src : self ... but i really enjoyed shopping here a lot more . everything here is clean , organized.. and you can find whatever you need and more in terms of persian grocery . hours may be limited since they are not open 24 7.. but most nights it is open till at least 10:30 pm . they also have a cooked food take out section and a sweet section , prices are compatible to other takeout places i been to . but the reason why i enjoyed my experience here because of the friendly staffs.. how often that i was offered a taste of a few of their persian ice cream without asking ? ? that 's what i call friendly service ! ! and i love their drinks and ice cream section.. even their drinks , they let you sample before you buy ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rotten produce & horrible service . purchased a bag of carrots clearly labeled $ 2.49 after choosing from the least rotten bag ( no other grocery stores were open ) . at checkout , they tried to charge me $ 3.99 ! and proceeded to argue . paid $ 2.49 to get home & open bag , every carrot was 80 % rotten with white mold . i do no recommend this place . dirty & disgusting !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my mom 's go to persian takeout place . thanks to her , i 've been feed by parsian almost every night . literally . so i take it upon myself to warn others that this place soaks their food in oil . almost every soup , spaghetti and chicken dish they offer has a greasy shine to it and not in a good way . but this place has got its good and bad . good being they offer an interesting variety of ice cream from pomegranate to coffee . ( who puts raisins in coffee ice cream though ? ! ) their selection of persian patisseries is decent and the supermarket is relatively clean . they offer a variety of persian goods that you would n't find in a typical canadian franchise . parking is easy to find here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "parsian fine food is north of steeles for those in that neighbourhood . square footage is relatively smaller than south of steeles counterparts . newer shop to those meant its more organized and visually pleasant . the small real-estate means no oven for fresh barbari breads . there is the standard take-out kabob polo section of every super . plenty of butcher meats and persian food staples provided . bonus : parking is much easier than those supers of the south .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've gone to a fair share of markets and snagged me some tachin , ( look it up if you dunno what it is but its awesome ) . i 've mostly had great experiences in kabob and tachin in these markets i 've gone to ... . this one , sooooo tastless , needed like more of everything , tasted like old , cold chicken with rice . no hint of saffron taste or yogurt , and that 's what i need to be tasting in tachin ... .. grrrrr what a disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my go-to take-out place ! great kabob . perfect amount of juicy and well-done . order about 15 minutes ahead , so it 'll be ready by the time you get there and do n't have to wait in there ( not the nicest grocery store ) . take some salad olivieh if you know what 's good for you . and the olives .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the produce is not fresh , breads are at least a few days old plus the prices are not the best compared to other supermarkets .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yummmy food , fresh bread and ice cream too ! .. cashiers are actually nice here wowww . the cashier was great ( she really was , nice cashiers in persian place apparently blow my mind ! ? ) always good , recently it 's been a++ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service . warm and delicious food ready for takeout . i do n't really do my grocery shopping there though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible persian groceries i would never come back here again . the only reason i give it a two star is cuz they have a good bakery but their variety is super expensive and you get ripped off while you can buy the same stuff from another persian grocery store which is not too far for a lot cheaper than that and the staff wont give you attitude either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly and welcoming staff , the best takeout food , pastries and freshly squeezed fruit juices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slightly pricey but clean , organized and great customer service . a very nice selection of iranian junk food ( like pofak namake ) and distilled flavored waters ( orange , mint , rose , etc ) that are hard to find elsewhere . i would avoid the meat counter as they did not want to cut or make our ground beef finer ( necessary to make kabab ) . the food available for take out is delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used blue ridge mosquito control last year the service worked very well and extended our living space to include all of our yard . i have 2 dogs and an outside cat and was concerned about the chemicals but the drying time was 15 mins and never an issue . dave was very easy to work with and called and checked in thoughout the summer months . looking forward to being outside again this year in the yard and not have deal with the mosquito 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had another company spraying our yard for a couple of years . last summer it became clear to me that their product was not keeping the mosquitos away . blue ridge began treating our yard last summer and after the first treatment it was evident that their product method worked as advertised . we are very pleased and continue to have no issues with mosquitos . thanks dave !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used blue ridge all last summer ( 2013 ) and was surprised at how well the treatments kept the mosquitoes away . i was skeptical at first , wondering if treating the yard would do anything . but the mosquitoes were so bad that i could n't go out and enjoy the nice weather in my own yard so i thought , why not give it a shot ? well dave came , treated my yard ( which is prime for mosquito breeding btw ) and all the mosquitoes were gone . therefore i had him come back all summer . i plan in using him again this summer too . i have 2 kids and a dog , and i am not worried about them being in the yard after a treatment . the 'chemical ' is supposedly derived from plants that naturally repel mosquitoes and is safe once dry . drying time is only 15 minutes or so . finally , each treatment is pretty affordable and dave shows up in a very timely manner . he 's also very easy to get a hold of . it really is worth it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food poison . my husband was sick after eating the wings . they were under cooked . pizza hut admitted this and sent a $ 60 gift card to our home . do not order wings from here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "put my feet up and ordered in . what came was a thin crust pizza could be faxed to you and taste just as good . i also got one with everything that looked liked it could scare jeffrey dahmer . so many options in surprise why bother with this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "justin was our delivery driver and he is fantastic ! such a pleasant employee and works hard ! he seems to work quite often and is always a pleasure to be greeted by ! the pizza is always hot and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered two med sized pizza five minutes before closing was told it would be delivered , but it would be about an hour and a half . well it 's now over an hour and a half and it looks like i 'm not gon na get my food and out 18.00.. so i 'll never order from them again ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everytime i go to this pizza hut i 'm treated very nicely and the food is always great ! ! i really do n't go anywhere else for pizza because they always make it right here . good staff good food ca n't complain about any of those things", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza hut cheese lovers is capital nasty . do n't order it unless you want something nasty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has delivered our pizza exactly right each time and very quickly . great experience and great prices . the one time they did n't give the delivery guy our bottle of pepsi , he came back 20 min later and gave us 2 bottles to make up for it . mistakes happen but as long as the food is good and mistakes are corrected , i 'm ok with that . will continue ordering here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i called i was hung up on . called back and put in my order . i picked up my order and asked for cheese and peppers . i was given 1 cheese packet and like 4 pepper packets for 2 large pizzas . the guy said that 's all that they had . are times really that tough ? also i got breaksticks and no marinara sauce . 3 strikes your out pizza hut .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my order was almost 30 minutes past time it was supposed to be here . i ordered two flavors of wings and received only one . when i called to check on the status the gentleman as we will call him was instantly rude and got an attitude . i 'm sorry but i paid for a meal that i expected to receive . my pizza was also cold . bad experience all around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a steak and they brought it uruguay . after 2 bites i wanted to call the farm in uruguay and ask how do you make it that tender . this was a special for that night but my god the best steak i ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wonderful , as usual . our waiter was kind enough to ask us if we wanted to move after we were first seated near a noisy party . we all had filets which is our usual because their other steaks are so large . bought a moderately priced bottle of pinot noir which was perfect with the filets . they gave my husband a birthday card and a free dessert . this place is always crowded but service is excellent and prompt . if i could give six stars i would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over priced . average food . excellent service . i ate at the bar . the next time i drop $ 60 on an ala carte strip steak it wont be here . seriously . i wont be back . the prices here are laughable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "normally i would n't write something about a place like this on here , but for the waygu carpaccio alone it 's worth shouting about . seriously so good . good drinks and food bartender too . sadly it 's right on my way home so i think there are probably many more 80 dollar happy hours in my future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice ambiance with great service . we ordered a hot and cold appetizer that consisted of oysters , shrimp , crab cakes and calamari . it was excellent . the reason for the 3 rating is that we all ordered dry rubbed aged sirloin steak as the special . all the steaks where $ 50 each and we all left most of the steak on the plate . the flavor was just not there . i think given time this may improve . a significantly expensive dinner that really was n't worth the price of admission", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had not dined here in years but went in for restaurant week and had a wonderful time . the service was so so buy the crab cakes were divine . loved the drinks and the atmosphere was lively . not sure why the reservation process is cumbersome but it did n't seem to be a deterrent since the place was packed . i will go again . those crab cakes are addicting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best steak house around . in all of the years i have been coming here i ca n't recall a bad meal . tonight was exceptional . i started with the shrimp cocktail . they were nice and big . cocktail sauce was great . they brought out really hot pretzel rolls and nice soft butter a restaurant will automatically lose a star for bringing hard cold butter to the table . i had the steak brown 12 oz . i asked for medium rare and it was perfect . my gf had the med well petite filet , which was perfectly cooked as well . we ended with the ganache cake which was out of this world . this is why when i come to to cleveland they make the short list of restaurants of `` must visits ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here to celebrate our parents 65th anniversary and our mother 's birthday ( no numbers here ) . the meal was great as usual , the restaurant has been redone and looks great . the menu has several new items we had of special note . the first was an heirloom tomato and mozzarella caprese salad with small heirloom tomatoes and balls of fresh mozzarella on top of a pesto and drizzled with balsamic vinegar which was a great adaptation of a classic salad . the steaks were perfect and had a great flavor . there was a new potato dish called millionaire potatoes which were great . lastly was a s'mores desert which was also unique and fun . the service was great and very attentive . the chef came out several times to check how we were enjoying the meal also adding to the attentive feeling we had . overall a great meal . you should go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious steak great wine onions straws were very tasty . expect small portion sizes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was excellent true in rating is 50 minimum for a good steak but the food was great and they had good wine selections", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used to like hyde park but now we really like it . great bar menu , draft beer , good service and a great decor update . skip red and go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always gone to hyde park in beachwood . excellent mgmt and excellent servers . excellent food and outstanding variety of specialty cocktails ! they just remodeled and brought in live music ! nice ! ! ! the weekday happy hour is pretty darn good , no it 's great ! you can order off of the revised food menu , bar menu or main menu . it 's not broadly advertised but they also have an early bird menu until 6pm ! chris , keith and anthony are just the sweetest of management and attend to every detail ! servers chris , george , skylar , amy , gabrielle , tabitha , buffy are the very best ! ! ! enjoy ! ! ! tip , no hh on weekends . ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to have a low key anniversary celebration on a monday night . the staff and our server were so friendly and made our visit very special - they even presented us with a special dessert at the end of our meal ! we could not have asked for a better experience . we were seated in a sweet banquet booth in the bar area and treated like royalty . the calamari appetizer , freshly prepared ceasar wedge salads and our entrees of chicken milanese and parmesan were all top notch . we will definitely bring our family and friends back to this location for another fine dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped here for dinner after dropping my son off at college . since i was dining alone , i chose to sit at a high table in the bar area ( no wait time ) . i ordered the steak kosar ( filet mignon crowned with lobster ) and saut\u00e9ed spinach and mushrooms . it was soooo tender and juicy . ( i did realize that i do n't like bearnaise sauce . ) paired it with a glass of cabernet and it was perfect . no room for dessert unfortunately . be prepared , everything is ala carte and a little pricey for some but definitely worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's hard for me ever to dislike a steakhouse ; what 's there to dislike about sizzling beef , dark wood , old-school service and a wine list with pages upon pages of delight ? the prices are tad high given location and with decent regional competition , and the choice of having a `` lebron '' steak speaks to strange marketing instincts , but all in all , with great service and stellar meat quality , it deserves every bit of a 3.5-4 star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come to hyde park frequently bc its consistently great & the attention to detail is phenomenal . thomas the gm goes out of his way to wow everyone . food is always delish . nice little bar menu for happy hour ; the espresso martini 's are amongst my fave 's & great calamari too ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service and food here are exceptional . the bread basket they give you pre meal is two meals all in itself ! this is a great little gem of a restauraunt is tucked away by hotels which are less than impressive in comparison . if you come in typical street gear- a sweatshirt and jeans , like we did- expect to be seated away from those who are dressed nicely . we were n't offended and enjoyed the privacy ! just wish we saved room for one of the desserts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience , mainly because of the manager , meagan banks . we spoke with her about a misunderstanding , she treated us rudely , talked down to us and did n't assist at all . she made our experience quite awful . i would recommend not visiting this establishment . it was overpriced for being attached to a hotel right off the highway . add : the corporate offices called me about this and walter was very kind and helpful and apologetic about my experience . i appreciate his kindness and feel better about this company .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is incredibly delicious . this location does it right . the prospect avenue location has severely disappointed me an my colleagues . waiters ca n't pour wine for guests and have to wait ( while food gets cold ) for a drink ... takes tooooo long . food is way underrated on prospect . however , completely different story on chagrin , beachwood . although they promote great beef , the seafood is delicious . waitress was so nice , knowledgeable and accommodating . avoid the downtown location and head to beachwood . more options than this farce downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "started with the french onion soup . asked for no bread in the soup ... yes it came with no bread.. awesome ! they melted the cheese on the dish , nice and crisply , while chewy on the inside . great attention to detail . them ordered the aged bone in ribeye . pricy but worth it . certain out exactly like i ordered it . really difficult to find anything wrong here . ca n't forget the staff . veery polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great happy hour and fantastic customer service from manager ron walker . he really goes out of his way to make ensure guest satisfaction . customer service goes a long way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to hyde park for a business dinner and were pleased with the experience . overall , a nice atmosphere with good service and reasonable good food , albeit overpriced . i would go back for a business dinner but would likely not go out of my way for a personal meal . bottomline , your standard , high end steakhouse but there are plenty of others who do it just a little better - so why not go there instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a pleasant surprise . everything we had at this restaurant was very good . from the steak to the asparagus to the expresso . it was all very good . especially considering it is in a hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there was something just a bit off for an upscale steakhouse . got the feel they may cater to regulars , and outsiders get sized up before the assign wait staff . food was well seasoned , service was okay-server was nice , but i definitely did n't feel pampered . i do n't think bread is offered unless you ask for it , which we finally did well after appetizer was eaten- really ? when you are paying over $ 60 per meal i 'd think a little bread would be in order . out of the dessert we wanted . i probably would n't be prompted to return anytime soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was exceptional . i 've never had such a pleasant experience . i met almost everyone working there because they were all so engaged with everyone there . the ambience was incredible with live piano , my favorite ! do n't even get me started on the food . cutting the steak was like cutting butter . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was okay . very simple steakhouse . has remnants of a chicago steakhouse !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "steak , especially petite filet was delish . really good service - very attentive . sides are served family style . very similar to other high end steak places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking for an easy night out ? head to the bar , they have a great menu , open at 4:30 , nice way to have a relaxed small or large plate meal . great service , real bartenders , great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've now been here two times , both on business dinners with an important client and for the amount spent , i 'm not impressed . food is good but not great . i ordered my steak rare ( i told them `` as rare as possible '' ... it had a warm red center . the asparagus side that was ordered had such huge stalks that were very tough . they serve seafood and have no idea of its origin ( and much of it is on the `` avoid '' list from monterey bay aquarium 's seafood watch ) . and to top it all off , they had no non-dairy options for coffee at the end of the meal . our server was very kind and offered to run to the nearby gas station to get me some , i declined . service was great ... but overall , not a place i have any intention of returning to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was visiting from out of town and hoped to find a good steakhouse . this was recommended by my hotel and met my criteria for a good meal out . i had attentive and high quality service , like you would expect from a good steakhouse . nothing terribly revolutionary on the menu but since most people are there for the steaks i guess its best just to stick to the basics . i had a filet and even though i requested it well done it was still prepared with flavor and not burnt to a crisp . prices are on par of what you would find in a higher end steakhouse . my meal for one ( not as depressing as it sounds ) , ran right around $ 45 for a filet , drink and a mushroom appetizer dish . if i happen to be this way again i certainly would try to stop by here for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a red meat eater but still love to dine here for the beautiful dining room , great service , and excellent seafood and sides . most recently had the sea bass - yum ! i chose the citrus butter sauce . delic . it is expensive but it 's a special occasion place . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife 's drink was very weak . mentioned it to the bartender drink was repoured still weak . i had a manhattan . nine bucks for a jimbeam manhattan ridiculous . shrimp sticks were great . nice sauce on calamari but chewy . sliders & burger disappointing . great rolls & pretzel bread . for the price we 're disappointed . comfortable decor . ca n't believe regulars would put up with weak drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was one of the best meals i have ever eaten . my wife and i both decided to take advantage of the lenten special ( friday nights only ) of twin lobster tails for $ 29.95 . we split one of their one-pound baked potatoes and delicious hazel nut brussel sprouts . of course they have amazing home-baked bread , and we tried a white pear cocktail , which tasted great but was strong . service and ambiance were first class , as always . we ca n't eat there often , because it is expensive ( $ 103 plus tip ) but it is well worth it every once ion a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great steak place in cle . really attentive service and quality options", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hostess : 1 waiter tress : 2.5 food taste presentstion:3.5 property- style , ambiance , decor:1", "score": "2"}
{"review": "definitely my favorite restaurant ! steaks are usually cooked perfectly ! if you send it back , it 'll come back just the way you want it . the ahi tuna tower is the best appetizer but the shrimp cocktail is also superb . waiters are super nice ! you will not regret coming here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i take my daughter out on mommy daughters dates here from time to time . we went and were greeted and sat quickly . our server was a very knowledgable gentleman . i work in the area and hear nothing but good about the place . we were not dissappointed , after our meal we were greeted by the manager to ask how our meal was . we will def back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hyde park makes the best steak in cleveland , in my opinion . every single time i eat a steak in a different city , i immediately compare it to hyde park . so far , most steaks have n't even come close ! the side dishes are also great as well , and only make the meal better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite steak house in cleveland . i have been going here since i was little kid , and they have always remained consistently amazing . steaks usually come out perfectly medium rare , and even if they do n't and you ask them to make a change , they will correct the mistake perfectly . the appetizers are also great , as i especially enjoy the tuna , lobster bisque , oysters , and escargot . i even had my high school graduation party here , and they made it an unforgettable evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a wonderful evening with nice hospitality and delicious food with perfect steak cooked to perfection quite , nice decorations , manager is helpful . nice place even for kids as they have a kids menus with 5 $ entree . definitely i will visit this restaurant again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got me in on the same day i called . i have amica insurance and my rebate was 125 for my car . the service guy i had was very nice and professional and was done in less than 20 minutes . he worked fast and in the heat and sun sweating no less . nice guy too . call these guys . best quote i got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they were able to get me in on the same day that i called , which i was really thankful for . the job was done faster than expected and the staff were very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after calling different companies and getting overpriced quotes i came across auto glass now and they are absolutely amazing ! ! i had a huge crack on my windshield about 2 feet long and needed a replacement . they came to my work and did the job the next day . i paid half the price of what the competitors were quoting and when they say `` they are the lowest price in the valley '' , they are indeed ! ! ! thank you louis for the fast service . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice black guy came out and kept working even when a huge dust storm cloud and rain started in . and he got the job done right . huge kudos to this dude . even vacuummed up the glass afterwards . thanks guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good but i still like mike and tony in the southside . a bit pricy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , good atmosphere and fantastic service . the staff here is very friendly , the service is quick , but do n't let the bar-ish atmosphere fool you : the food is first rate and the place is kid friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man alive do i love their gyro salad . so dang good ! the load it up with enough meat to make at least two salads and the pitas are always delicious . i enjoy the tzasiki sauce as opposed to the greek dressing , they are happy to give you whatever dressings you prefer . service has always been prompt and very friendly . definitely our go to for greek in the north", "score": "4"}
{"review": "deceivingly excellent gyro place . we eat here a lot ! because everything is fresh , made to order and tasty ! deceivingly because it looks like any other strip mall place . a few tables , counter , dudes cooking food . but quality is the key . french fries are consistently fantastic . hot , crispy , steamy inside , perfect . every time . gyros are huge , full of meat and are hard to finish . grilled chicken salad is a gem ! they put marinated chicken on the grill and throw together a mean , delicious salad chock full of always fresh lettuce , cucumbers , olives , feta , tomatoes and etc . very generous with the chicken . can not be beat for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been there a few times . fast in and fast out . staff is courteous . there is nothing `` greek '' about the place but that is fine . the gyro options were good , and very ample in portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my big fat greek gyro has some good gyros . only problem is the prices keep rising since they opened . the staff also is n't too friendly , it seems to be all about just a job to them instead of making people feel welcome . the atmosphere is weird as they have a bar right near where they prep the food . it just makes things seem awkward . i still go back when i have a gyro craving but usually get it to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a delightful experience . we were greeted immediately as we entered . casual place with great food . the gyros are delicious as are the greek salad and fries . spanakopita was really good . the owner takes great pride in this place and did not disappoint . will definitely go back when we are in the area . very good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service and a powerful gyro , pita size was kind of small , which meant you had to eat most of it with utensils then half way through the meal , you could pick it up and eat it sandwich style . the service was good and the gyros came out pretty fast . i guess they have a fat man gyro challenge with 7 gyro 's content and 3 pittas and if you win the meal is free and you get a shirt ... makes the place seem a little authentic and traditional . vegetables on the gyro was just a mound of lettuce and tomatoes wish there was a little more veggie variety not a big deal tho . i 'd recommend the traditional sandwich here . and there 's a roundabout in the entrance which really added thrill to my experience here . i will come again ... if i remain alive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great gyro at great prices . fast service , excellent staff . platters are great which includes salad and fries . a lot of locals love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gyro was very large . i could still feel the one i ate days ago . it was flavorful and they can substitute the sauces in the menu if they are not too busy . service is always with a smile . the best part of it all no reservations necessary because they somehow find a way to fit you in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! im really picky on my gyros and grape leaves and they nailed it ! delicious sauce ... salads.. hummus and pita ! will be back ! yummy ! ! ! : ) friendly service too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just big , fat , awesome ! the guys who work here are super friendly and are very talented at getting you fed - and happy . gyro 's and sides are delicious - you wo n't go away hungry . everything is super fresh and delicious - cooked to order , so it 's not just sitting under a warming light all day . the price for a gyro is around $ 7 , which i find reasonable , and about the same as i 've had in many other places . it 's in a very convenient location , and is definitely a better option than a stale submarine sandwich from a fast-food chain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is excellent . staff is very warm and friendly . we have been here more than 5 times now . food is superb and portion sizes are extremely generous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent gyro , or chicken . the salad on the plater was fresh and the fries were hot out of the fryer . we finished off with rice pudding and baklava . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was good and gyros were excellent . like another poster mentioned i wish there were better more vegetable choices but for the price and portions you wo n't hear any complaints from me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "without a doubt the best gyro place in the north hills the platter is a meal fit for a king", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service ! never been there and i was driving through the area . credit card machine did not work on two of my cards so they just gave me the food . i felt horrible because no one does this act of kindness anymore , plus they deserve the business . came home and ate the gyro which was really good ! i do n't do yelp reviews so this review says a lot ! i definitely will be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this should not get a star the obnoxious owner was acting like a complete jerk . and was rude . he would not honor an entertainment book coupon . my wife went there and gave owner her coupon for 25 per cent off if you spent $ 20 . she did and gave her a hard time . he said he did not authorize it . and would not honor it . in the end he honored it . buddy you are in a service industry and rely on good manners to your customers . do n't forget that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food , but i wish the cook had worn gloves while handling my food . that does n't seem to be a law in pa though . someone asked what the difference in clean hands and clean gloves are . i do n't want to get into an argument . if good hygiene is practiced , maybe nothing . but , hands can have germs under nails , or cuts . that 's all i will say", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are the best gyro 's in town . the guys who work there are always very friendly and the service is great ! eat in or take out options . i always get their basic gyro and the cheese balls are great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our 2nd time here , my husband who use to go to ny for gyros said these are equal if not better . my salad with chicken is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered the chicken gyro platter to go tonight . $ 11 for three ounces of chicken and 7 fries ? ? such a poor value . the pita bread and salad did n't do much to round out the meal . my boys were still hungry once the food was gone ! making sandwiches now . the food , what there was of it , was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has wonderful gyros . each gyro has large portions of meat with nice seasoning . i would highly recommend my big fat greek gyro in wexford .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my big fat greek gyro has the best gyros and the fastest service i 've ever seen . i work across the street at giant eagle and all it takes is one quick phone call to be chowing down in ten minutes . my order always amounts to $ 13 and includes a large crispy chicken gyro , fries , and a drink . the gyros are made right when you order , are always steaming hot , contain lettuce , tomato , and the 'special ' sauce . wrapped in foil , and a fork . the fries seem to be cooked right away , always hot and delicious . there is always plenty of space to sit , comfortable seating , available condiments and a plethora of the much needed paper towels . the wait staff is friendly , polite , and quick to accommodate . you 'd be hard pressed to find a better , faster , lunch option for less than $ 13 . try them out , you 'll be impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a huge thank you to the staff ! ! ! in just an hour they were able to throw together an amazing platter for our company lunch , at the last minute . the food was amazing , as always , and everyone at the lunch could not have been more pleased . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location has not changed since the franchise appeared on `` the profit '' television show . i ordered a gyro from the old menu ( the one seen on t.v . with the tater tots ) . it was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice but simple place . fast service . reasonable prices.. freshly made gyros and platers . i like the fries . one of our favorite hangouts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after living in chicago for the past 8 years , i got to know a good gyro . my big fat greek gyro can hold their own against any gyro place in chicago . service was great -- the people that work here are so friendly . you can tell they truly appreciate their customers and love what they do . and the food was amazing ! the gyro is hands down the best in town . a generous portion of meat , fresh toppings and perfect amount of tzatziki sauce . we will absolutely be coming back for more fresh , delicious gyros . and it 's always nice to support an independent business . if you have n't tried this place , please do . it will not disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just stopped here and was blown away by how rude the service was . i 've eaten here before and loved it , but could not believe the lack of business sense i just witnessed . bravo in loosing a well networked loyal customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic gyro ! perfect ratio of meat to toppings and excellent tzatziki . the fries are also crispy and delicious . the guys who work there are always super nice and very accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent gyros , my dad orders from them every week so he loves it . the gyros are a pretty decent size , and they have a bunch of other things to order as well . the inside of the restaurant is well maintained and is a good place to grab a quick dinner with friends", "score": "4"}
{"review": "during lent , i recommend trying the fish gyro ! it 's amazing ! this place is awesome in every category .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am completely obsessed with their chicken salad . it is seriously the best salad i have ever had . their pita and hummus is pretty tasty too . place is clean . service is great . totally recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do great work and are very reliable . always a fair price and always professional and courteous . been going there for years and will continue to do so . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are always friendly , honest and have fair prices . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! honest , reliable , excellent work , affordable ! i 've been taking my truck here for years and will continue as long as they are around . love this business ! totally takes the stress out of car issues ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always use sandy and sons for all my cars . they are honest , and reasonably priced . they take very good care of their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used sandy and sons for about 8 years . as my wife and i were in school we drove older cars and as issues came up we always trusted sandy and sons . very fair and honest ! joey and gunnar will always tell it to you straight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough about how honest these folks are . took my car in and was 100 % sure i needed a $ 1000 plus repair . turned out nothing was wrong . they charged a minimal diagnostic fee and i was on my way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my brother recommended sandy 's . i had my car serviced at sears at fiesta mall . sears had my car in on several occasions ( 5 ) , but was unable to diagnosis fix my engine light issue . i took it to sandy 's and they were able to quickly diagnose the issue . repair was explained to me , estimate was accurate and they showed me the replaced part . i will definitely use sandy 's for any future issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest , fair , and reliable . not into ripping people off or trying to up-sell . no gimmick ads to get people in . remember you get what you pay for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i trust to work on my vehicle ! trustworthy mechanics that always get the job done correctly the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's such a relief to have an auto repair shop you can trust and rely on , my father counted on them since early80 ' s and when alzheimer 's invading him they showed patience not found in most businesses , when i lived out of neighborhood tried others for convenience that left me quite disappointed , so i 'm confidently having sandys for all auto repairs and recommend them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my truck engine suddenly began runnning very rough and the check engine light popped on . it would stall on idle and to had no clue what to think . i dropped it off for repair and got a call the next day from gunner detailing what each of the engine codes were giving as clues . they dug in to find a covered vacuum hose had atrophied with age to the point of bursting . problem fixed . the point is that i could 've easily been told anything and been taken advantage of . instead , i was treated honestly and respectfully . i highly recommend sandy and sons for automotive needs.k", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for years . nick and andy cut hair well but the wait is always so long ( even during the day ) - always a steady flow of customers and always understaffed . tip : call ahead and ask if they are busy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's not bad , but not out of this world . they do n't have that small business feel and the barbers are n't really friendly . they want you out of the store as quickly as possible and do n't put much effort into their cuts . the shop closes right at 6 and they wo n't take any customers if they think they will have to stay after 6 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is amazing ! the chef is very sweet and greets you like a friend . he tries to know exactly what you want . the staff are also very friendly ! we accidentally discovered this hidden gem one day after a long game of uno at snakes and lattes which is just a few steps west . the food is very cheap and the portions are large . i wish i could tell everyone who amazing this place is ! its our new fav spot in the annex !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is really a hidden gem in the korean-town in toronto . we found it by chance and had a big take-out order of several dishes ( all the `` non-special '' combo bentos ) from their menu posted on the wall in picture format . wow ... it was good . tasty and good portion - as we were given several bags of `` boxes '' for 4 order of dishes . may be we were hungry but the food hit the spot for all of us . i should have deduct a star for their appearance and decoration of the restaurant ( not spectacular at all ) - but could not bring my hand to my mouse to do that - as i am weak from hunger just thinking about their food ! give it try if you are around the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still as good as ever . however now instead of a fried fish , the complimentary appetizer is some kind of korean latke . i think it is made with potato , carrot , green onion , and eggs or flour ? it 's served with a spicy salty chili sauce . it varies in deliciousness ; sometimes amazing , sometimes blah . but the tofu soup is still unbeatable and still $ 7.08 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best korean food in koreatown . such great prices for delicious food . they serve the best banchan ( side dishes ) . i have n't tried the sushi but the soft tofu and miso stews are so satiating as well as the stone bowls . the food alone is what makes this place stand out because you really have to disregard the decor here . i feel so nourished after eating here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : convenient location . cons : 1 . no matter how early or late you go , there is always a 20-30 minute line up . i missed the pick-up quite a few times despite arriving early . 2 . there are only two counters and the cashiers are very slow . no to mention the cashiers are not helpful at all . half of them are trainees . they openly discuss how much `` it sucks '' to work in this location and that they are looking for other jobs . like the previous reviewer , i also walk 10 minutes to go to a different canada post location . do n't waste your time . just avoid this branch . : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located inside the large 24-hour shoppers drug mart located at the busy yonge and college streets intersection , this canada post location ( also known as the wood post office ) tends to be busy evenings and weekends as it is once of the few postal outlets opened on sundays . while the shoppers is opened 24 hours , the postal outlet ( located in the rear left of the store , past the frozen foods section ) is opened to 8:00pm on weekends and 4:00pm on weekends . please bring a pen and complete any customs forms online ( www.canadapost.ca customs ) to save yourself time if mailing something to the u.s. or internationally . for those picking up parcels , please do n't forget your id at home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the entertainer was not very entertaining . no fun outfits or personality . for magic tricks there were balloons in a bag and a coloring book . she hardly spoke to the kids . she did n't even have any personality to make those two tricks exciting . my poor students ' parents must have felt disappointed . the prerequisite for being a entertainer is to make people laugh and have fun . if you are just boring why be an entertainer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i arrived around today ( sunday ) around 5:00 pm . for an early dinner . the sign on the door read open sunday 11:00 am - 10:00 pm . and the red neon sign read `` open . '' as we stood waiting to be seated my wife and i read the day 's specials on the white board . then we were told that they could not seat us because they were closing . we could get an order to go if we wanted - we did not . i suggested that if they were closing so early that they should change there sign . as we got into our car , the read neon sign went off . this was not our first time eating at this mayflower , but it was disappointing that they closed early with no explanation . we went on up w.t . harris to harbor inn seafood and had a delightful dinner . i suggest before your waste your expensive gas or put forth the effort to try this mayflower that you call and make sure they are observing their posted hours !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i ate here yesterday to fulfill my craving for crab legs . i ordered the 2-2.5 crablegs with loaded baked potato ( almost $ 2 to add cheese bacon ) and side salad . i was very pleased with my meal . my husband ordered the catfish ( salt pepper ) shrimp combination . being from mississippi , the catfish was n't was a bit bland but fried to perfection and the shrimp was amazing ! their hush puppies are also good . the diner feel was laid back . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally unprofessional . unacceptable service . my gf and i , arranged a viewing for a flat , we called the same day morning to corfirm the viewing and we been told that we 'll receive a text with the exact address 1 hour before . we never received the text and i called them 40 minutes before the viewing where i talked to a polite girl who asked my number again to send me the text with the details immediately . she lied ! ! never sent me the exact address and when i phoned them 15 min before the viewing and while i was already at the street of the flat , the guy on the phone told me that there is no booking at all at the specific time for the specific flat and also our names and telephone nubers are not in their system . if you want reliable service better go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used umega to help us get our 1 bedroom flat rented out just off easter road . umega spent 4 days removing and replacing our bathroom as well as getting the heating sorted out . the umega maintenance team were , punctual , reliable and the quality of their work really shone through . we chose umega because we thought that their rental expertise would help us get our flat rented out quickly , and they did . thanks umega", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet another letting agents . they 're the most cheerful looking ones i 've come across , which is n't saying much but just look at that exciting purple exterior and the name itself . mind blowing . you may be able to deduce that i 'm a little frustrated with my letting agents at the moment so it 's unfair to take it out on umega . i noticed that they let out flats for the festival ; having just experienced my first fringe festival , it 's definitely worth coming down for but i 'm not sure i 'd sign such a contract for it ! umega 's located in one of my favourite parts of edinburgh , marchmont .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love fresh & easy ! and now that it 's open 24 hour it just got a whole lot better . i remember having to rush to a local f & e before they close at 8pm but now i have no worries . everything is renovated . they have a `` cafe '' kind of vibe right in the middle of the store where you can order pizza , sandwiches , soups , etc . where they can make it for you fresh ! the foods are n't bad either ! their pizza is pretty amazing . i do most of my grocery shopping at f & e . this one in particular is close to the beau 's house so we go frequently after the gym . the staff is pretty friendly and welcoming . also very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staying across this fresh & easy for short term , the store opens 24 7 . got all of the basic food items here , normally come pick up some fruits and milk . the store is clean and the price is good , also they got dollar hot coffee . not too many people works in the store , they are going the self check out route however someone will always man one of the cashier . the people that works there are real friendly , always go out of the way to help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is supposed to be a fresh and easy express . it is none of these things . some of the staff are exceptionally nice , but they they do n't know anything about their products . if you look , you can find a variety of vegan and vegetarian food , including several vegan wines . the process of identifying them can be time consuming -- do n't expect help from the staff . the produce is not that fresh . i have frequently found mold on their products . i recommend going to with the latino markets where the prices are far cheaper for comparable items . it would be amazing if the store had better inventory management . who shelves are empty and it 's difficult to plan meals knowing they may not have the expensive items in stock .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great selection of meat , cheese and wine . exactly what i need in my life . easy check out , not crowded and very clean . highly recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "make sure to get the fresh & easy card to get discounts and points . you 'll find cards hanging above the register", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this location so much . i went in here four days in a row ( yes i know ) . there was a different clerk in there every day . they were all so friendly ! any isle i walked down i was greeted . also , there 's never anyone in there ! regardless i love finding little deals like a wonderful loaf of sour dough bread for 2 bucks ! f & e is great to find same day dinner meals . foods that are 3 days to expire will be marked down sometimes more than half off . snag them and there 's dinner ! also , ca n't beat the organic non gmo selection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although there are certain foods they have that are healthy , quick , and delicious to make their prices are the reason why i wont be a regular shopper . i asked the clerk yesterday if they ever have sales and she tried to hold in a laugh saying once in a while they will mark down items that have been sitting for too long but no they dont have sales . it 's too bad because they lost a potential regular shopper . better off at smiths .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like always , i go straight for the clearance food items ... this place is convenient and fast . i usually go at crazy hours such as 3 or 4am and the staff at the front is always half asleep with a mug on their face . not very approachable looking . i check myself out so its not like i have to interact with them but they could work on that !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after being a loyal customer for five years , they lost my business due to the food price being raised higher , with nothing to return to their customers . all they did was put an area in which they can serve you the same food that they 've always had . yeah , it 's open 24 7 , but if you go late at night there is little to nothing that is stocked either . i am a night owl because of my job , so the only time i would visit would be around 10pm-3am during my work week , and nothing would never see any of the food i bought in stock , the ones that i would see would either expire on that day or the day after .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is only my second time at fresh and easy . this place stinks ! ! the food is way over priced . bought a salad for lunch , small , big hunk of core in it , and almost $ 6 . for some lettuce and 2 strawberries . no thank you . i 'll stop at the gas station across the street and try my luck there . on a side note , the employee was very polite . just expensive expensive ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fe has gone from being a food store to a quasi fast food outlet . apparently their core regulars who simply wanted a food store can go pound sand now . the new checkout encourages small orders . gone are the stations for anything beyond what one can hold in their hands . large orders are now handled by employees who usually can not figure out frozen food does n't belong packed with toilet tissue . one of the reasons we liked fe was we could do our own packing . well so much for that . makes no sense whatsoever why the change . why not offer both ? you do for small orders . fe should be competing with whole foods , not subway . why bother with a great brand like wild oats if you do n't promote it ? i understand the attraction of the perceived margins but the grocery biz is about volume . you best run a tight ship or you are going to be throwing away a ton of food . good luck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "robin is an amazing florist and designer . i would recommend her to anyone looking to buy beautifully crafted arrangements . she 's been my florist for several years now and has never disappointed me . she puts a lot of heart into her work and it shows . beautiful arrangements from a beautiful person . if i could i 'd give her more than just a five star rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robin and amy made my experience ordering flowers online really easy , giving me suggestions on flowers since i was ordering from out of state . they 're really reasonable on pricing and i love their work . i would highly recommend them to my family and friends if they are ordering from out of town or when they need flowers in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robin and amy helped me out giving me suggestions since i did not know what to get my friends daughter for a gift . they worked with my budget and gave me ideas and i love what they halped me choose out as a gift that doesnt need to be watered much and its in a adorable container . i will surely suggest them to family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon to send flowers to a friend in a las vegas hospital . i live out of state . then i found out she was going to be discharged that day . i called that morning to place my order . robin was in the process of delivering flowers but she called me right back and worked with me to make sure that i was able to use my groupon and get the flowers delivered before my friend was discharged . my friend texted me a picture of the flowers . it was beautiful . robin made a `` designers choice '' bouquet . she took the stress out of a stressful situation for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robin did an incredible job on my mothers memorial service ! we spoke in the phone once , i told her what i wanted , we agreed an a fee , and that was it . the flowers were delivered to the church exactly on time and they were spectacular ! i would use robin again and will recommend her services to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best customer service i 've had in a very long time ! the plant arrangement was just stunning ! ! absolutely beautiful and much more fuller than anticipated . i would absolutely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their flower arrangements are gorgeous ! the attention to detail and excellent customer service is what keeps me coming back ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for the beautiful lei that was created for my daughter 's graduation ! the colors were amazingly beautiful ! i will definitely be back again for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughters graduation was done perfectly by these ladies ! ! ! i recommend anyone , because i always come back . very satisfied customer ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the arrangements were beautiful and perfect ! great customer service , friendly , and gorgeous flowers ! definitely would recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amy and robin are great . i 'm very happy with the help they gave me with an order i messed up entering online . both of them responded to my messages in a very prompt manner . good customer service is alive and well here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful flowers ! i quit ordering and having flowers delivered because they were always disappointing in design and quality . used a groupon and ordered pink roses for my mothers ' birthday . i decided to pick them up so i could preview them ! these flowers were so beautiful and such a wonderful gift . will definitely order again ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordering a custom arrangement online was very easy . i particularly appreciated receiving an emailed picture of the arrangement once it was done . the flowers were delivered on time , and looked lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never use another florist again . the flowers from here are not only amazing but last longer then any i have ever bought . the prices and customer service are excellent also . i bought my wife flower for valentine 's day and as i write this i 'm still looking at her bouquet that is still going strong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a response to stephanie 's picture ... yes , the sign says harden but a search of the business name shows it 's actually arden fast food ltd that 's at that location . -- tommy f .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of my go to pace for cheap chibese take out . the only place that makes ketchup deep fried boneless chicken on rice . they make a good honk kong tea also . they have loyal clientele so foe bust times on weekend and weekdays after 5:45 call 10 minutes in advance so yiu do n't have to wait that long . other good menu item are pan friend noodles . it is a dated food court so bathroom are so so . but they just gutted it last month . but it is icky again . so many people take out and eat at the comfort of their own home . this place is solid since they lasted here along with the bbq inside the food court . other have come and gone . most dishes are lest the $ 7 which includes a soya drink , hk tea or lemon tea", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family has been visiting this place ever since i was a child , and yes that is quite a number of years ago i shall say hehe . so why the high rating ? this place is always consistent with the quality of their food , especially because of their wok hay ( wok heat ) , which makes their dishes so much better . my family usually orders the take out combos , and my go-to dish is always the eggplant and beef with thick noodles . they tend to get very busy during dinner time , and the lady taking the orders is n't always the friendliest , but hey from a take out joint , it 's the food that matters most . the only downside is that it is located in a small food court , so there is limited seating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "verstehe beim besten willen nicht die durchweg positiven bewertungen ... habe das anders erlebt : drau\u00dfen zu sitzen ist schon mal eine sehr schlechte idee hier , direkt an der bundesstra\u00dfe , ok , es geht kurz davor in'n tunnel runter , dennoch laut , ungem\u00fctlich und gar nicht sch\u00f6n . kellner brauchte erst ca . 25 minuten obwohl nichts los war , das blieb auch die ganze zeit unseres aufenthalts so , wir mussten immer ewig warten . meine freundin bestellte einen espresso mit milch aufgef\u00fcllt , der kellner bestand sehr aufdringlich darauf ihr eine latte zu bringen , er meinte das sei dasselbe . war es letztlich nicht , darauf angesprochen tat er so , als sei das nie seine idee gewesen . preise sind recht teuer , fr\u00fchst\u00fcck gew\u00f6hnlich und nichts besonderes . hatten ein vegetarisches ( oder war es vegan ? ) fr\u00fchst\u00fcck . fazit : unattraktiver au\u00dfenbereich , unfreundlicher , selten verf\u00fcgbarer service , \u00fcberteuert und gew\u00f6hnlich . gut , geht durchaus auch schlechter , daher 2 sterne . dennoch : wir kommen nicht mehr .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nett , gutes fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , preise moderat bis gehoben . relativ laut und etwas kantinenartig .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich war bisher nur auf einem absacker am abend da , werde dort aber bestimmt mal wieder vorbei schauen . das personal ist sehr freundlich , die getr\u00e4nke lecker und einfallsreich ( schon mal zitrone mit cola '' getrunken ? ) , das ambiente recht urig scheinbar kann man sich dort auch eines der spiele , die gleich vorn am eingang stehen , krallen und den abend mit einer runde brettspiele verbgringen : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "caf\u00e9 stella ist eines der \u00e4ltesten caf\u00e9s stuttgarts . es ist entspannt und vorallem abends recht gem\u00fctlich . bis jetzt wurde ich nett bedient . nur einen gro\u00dfen kritikpunkt h\u00e4tte ich , und zwar das essen ! fr\u00fchst\u00fcck kann ich nicht beurteilen , aber das normale mittagessen geht gar nicht ! zwei mal mit freunden dort gegessen und jedes mal alle entt\u00e4uscht gewesen ! sogar die nachbarn am nebentisch hatten sich beschwert . das essen das dort angeboten wird ist keine gro\u00dfe kunst , aber selbst das kriegt der koch leider nicht hin . sehr schade ! zum trinken gehen ist es ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about these guys and their product . the staff was friendly , knowledgable and fast . i had a horrible experience at evergreen turf in chandler this morning . not only did these guys madke me feel good about this situation i saved about $ 0.10 a sqft . they also have a new bermuda called platinum that is incredibly beautiful . i asked a ton of questions and they took the time to offer advice and cautions . they also offered advice about what i could do to fix some problem lawns i recently took on . the interaction with this company was great and i hope that everyone starts using them . i ca n't wait to use these guys again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best grass turf money can buy ! kids love it , dogs love it , i love it ! ! so happy that we made the move to this grass . holds up great during our mild az winter and phenominal during our hot az summer . glad that we switched ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very poor customer service on the phone . i 'll never use a company whose customer service is rude . unreal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom brought me here because she has been several times and says its good ( she 's a tough critic ) . i had the lasagna which was a nice sized portion and pretty good i must say . it came with a fresh salad and the dressing was homemade , not the watered down stuff . my sister ate the pork chops and said those were good and the fries were crispy and delicious . my mom has tried everything but this time she had a bbq sandwich and claimed she would order it again . the staff was very friendly and cordial . my only complain was the stuffing in the booths are a little worn out and not so comfy anymore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been there twice . the first time i watched a very large cockroach stroll from the kitchen into the dining room & hang out until i finally got the attention of a waitress to take care of it . it was waved off as just a fluke . the second time i went , about 6 months later , i watched a waitress stick her finger into a tea pitcher & then lick it to see if it was sweet or unsweet . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "billy 's has redeemed themselves since the fire . we eat there a few times a month . their roast beef is really good . it 's cooked how i like it and tender . our service has been good the past few times we 've been back . i 'm glad it 's getting back to the way it was before the fire .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , i 'm not real hard to please but i went for bbq . it was n't good . the sauces are made in-house but they were n't good either . the vinegar was just that , vinegar with so much pepper in it that it solidifies in the bottom . fries were good . baked beans were good but possibly canned . potato salad should not have carrots in it . but maybe that 's me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great southern food . bbq and ribs are great . the sides are southern cooking including the okra and hushpuppies . decor is old school 50s . service even late is quick and friendly . ice tea is sweet , is there any other kind ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great place for good home cooked meals . we eat their often both in a group of around 10 and just us two . the food is always hot and fresh and the service is quite good . their bbq is very good but i like the fish which is always a good choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the folks here try very hard . it seems so seldom that anyone goes the extra mile . i recommend this cvs they try and they succeeded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cvs is especially interesting because they cater to the surrounding community . even the lit signs on the building are bilingual , which is what i 'm impressed by . the store was nice and clean as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no customer restroom . i decided to leave my items on on the counter and not buy anything . i gave my business elsewhere where they let me use the restroom .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this lady likes to humiliate her customers and misinform people . she also claims that it is illegal to take a photo for sharing information for consumers and customers . on my way to picking up my mother 's prescriptions , i asked to use the restroom and she insisted that there was n't one for customers . then the pharmacy allowed me to use it and customer service opened the door for me . this lady gets paid for well customer service . she should find a different career .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "want to get followed around while you shop ? this is the place to go for that ! stopped in bc this is one of the only places in vegas that has the concealer i like to use . employees followed me through the store twice and blew smoke up my @ ss when i asked for help , twice . i do n't know what kind of patrons , or bull they 're used to entertaining but i know i should n't have to pay for it either way . ridiculous", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located across from ikea . spacious , neatly displayed . plenty of parking . the merchandise is quality and there are bedazzling selections . clean and comfortable fitting rooms perfect for indian events . the sizes run big , but they can alter . price can be steep so save up for these beautiful items . look for sales bargains . never hurts to ask or look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just here this afternoon and was saddened by the quietness in the store . this is my go-to for eyebrow threading . i know that they have these `` brow bars ' in the mall now , but it is a weird thing to get done in public . i also have been threaded since i was a little teen and find it to be the most bearable way to remove hair- and it does n't have the same effects of waxing ( in my opinion ) . it cost $ 8 for eyebrows so $ 10 will get you some nice little brows . if i ever needed a traditional outfit , i 'd definitely come here . yes , these clothes are pricey but you ca n't exactly get them many places in phoenix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love sona in chandler ... they always do the best job on my eyebrow thread and i wo n't go anywhere else ! all the girls and owner are so nice too ! i got my eyebrows threaded about a week before my wedding and the girl who threaded them told me i could come back later in the week for touch ups if i needed them . ( i did n't , but def a nice offer ! ! ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in sona chaandi to look for a outfit for an upcoming indian event . the web site shows only women 's clothes ; however , upon calling the store i learned that they also have a selection of men 's outfits . the store owners were very helpful and found the size for me , showed me different options and helped me match the colors . they also have alterations available if needed . upon checking out i was pleased to learn that the items selected were on sale . my friend who went with me found an outfit that she liked as well . the store has a large selection of women 's clothes and the owners are extremely helpful . i would definitely go back and encourage all of my friends to shop here as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came with my girlfriends to find sari 's for all of us ... great customer service , the girls where so patient finding us each the right color and style . prices for all type of budget : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drew carey bar : ) $ 2.25 domestic bottles , pool tables , juke box , great service , friendly crowd , huge outside patio , clean bathrooms - what is not to love ? the bartender even invited us back for a huge charity event they have every year . i have never eaten here , and i am actually not sure if they even serve food ? they do have a hot dog machine and bags of munchies . i always have to stop if i am in the neighborhood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey ... .its the drew carrey bar . yep , thats right its the warsaw tavern . i dont play pool but they have a pool table and actually have a great patio in back . no food here but they seem to have a ton of outings and fund raisers where people bring food in . drinks are cheap and its fun to people watch . cant complain though ... .its a dive bar with a familiar feel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great people , i became friends with all of the regulars on the first day i visited murphy 's law . fair prices great service . well laid out bar area . plenty of parking nice padio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we call this place dcb ( drew carey bar ) because its the bar the warsaw in the show ! jasamine is my friends and i favorite bartender ! its also diet cheap , and great for pool ... . only draw back is the crowd is old folk and machine gun kelly type 20-30 somethin white dudes ... with that said their not rowdy and they are friendly . great neignorhood bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i simply love this bar . what an amazing place with wonderful patrons . did you know murphy 's has free wifi ? it 's a wonderful thing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a saturday night . lot 's of pool tables being played by old men . bar tender kept playing rap on juke box . no need to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "murphy 's law is a standard hole-in-the wall bar . nothing earth shattering to write home about , but it 's a fine place to catch a beer and play a game of pool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 're from out of town but they make us feel like local regulars . great prices with amazing friendly service . plus it 's the friggin ' warsaw ! ha two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look 4 stars for customer service at the drive thru . the young guys here dress like old school bankers - real suit coat and tie . look , i appreciate it . takes me to the times when i was a little girl and people dressed for work . ( no , i 'm not 60+ ) anywhoo , they do n't get an attitude when i 'm making a commercial deposit and have no idea of the account number plus they have to spend extra time finding the account because there are several housed under one main account .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 5 surcharge for withdrawing cash for non-bmo customers ! for shame ! if you need cash , go to the gas station across the street , the atm there charges $ 2.50 ( still too much but better )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when this was m & i the service was great . now that it 's bmo harris , the service is terrible and the fees are way too high .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i planned a dinner here for a gf 's bachelorette in summer 2012 . i think the ambiance was great . dim lit , sexy decor . stylish . the food was all right . had pasta . portions are not huge , but to be expected in this type of establishment . the main issue here is service . they have people taking things away prematurely . before you are even finished a drink , it will be taken away , same with food . i get they want to try to be efficient , but you always feel rushed . highly recco reservations . it becomes a dance club lounge after . mature , sexy , older , good place to check out for an occassion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very small portions and very pricey . luckily the club is n't so bad , a bit of an older crowd . food quality is very good depending on what you get . eat beforehand . quasedeas recommended", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved the setting and dj in the background . good looking staff , but the service was just okay ... it took a while to get serviced ( perhaps they were under staff ? ) . i ordered the salmon entree and it was a little on the salty side , but still good . my friend ordered the rib eye and really enjoyed it . we had the tarimisu was off the hook -- one of the best i ever tasted ! we also ordered a bottle of wine . the portions were fair . for two entrees , one dessert , and a bottle of wine ... we felt the price was fair ( a little below $ 140 ) . the only reason why we gave it 4 star was because of the service ( but everyone was really nice tho ! ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 star for food and 0.5 star for awesome hours ! now i have another option in scarborough for some late night noodle as imagine noodle is open 24 7 ! ! just imagine at 3 am on a cold winter night and you can have a bowl of noodle in hot broth . and at $ 6.99 ? ? and some bbq skewers ? and some spicy cold chicken ? just imagine that ! the chinese name of imagine noodle is palace in the east ( \u6771\u65b9\u5bae ) . i can not imagine how the english and chinese name be related in any way . braised beef brisket with hand pulled noodle ( $ 6.99 ) for a small is really generous in portion . the noodle was al dente with bite and the broth was nice and hot ! bbq spicy squid tentacles ( $ 1.99 ) has a nice spicy sauce and not over cooked so crispy outside but soft inside . i would be back to try out other items . imagine just imagine ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so good ! my favorite is the braised beef noodle , i usually get that with skewers of lamb or octopus and the fried tofu is delish . service is good , very quick and attentive . oh and it 's open 24 hours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was alright . the quantity was okay but i wish they could add more noodles . the waitress did n't look too happy to serve me though but maybe it was near the closing time . overall it was okay . will i come back ? no . there are a lot better options out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so impressed with lee 's work . my car looks and smells like it just rolled off the car lot . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleasant place ! take my car to lee 's shop every couple of months and his team does a great job at a very affordable rate . i love that they use steam cleaners to clean the upholstery because it looks and smells brand new every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car to lee 's for detailing . the job was suppose to be 2 hours and it ended being over 5 hours . i did not get a call back once the detailing was completed . i called and was told the job was complete . when i got home and checked my trunk . the trunk was never touched or clean . then , to top off this experience , when i pulled the handle latch for the third row ... it broke . overall , their services was poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my honda civic to lee to get it detailed inside and out . the seats had some gnarly coffee and food stains that i was not proud off . they were so bad my girlfriend would n't ride in my car and insisted i take her in my bmw m3 . luckily lee did a fine job and the car looks and smells brand new ! the only reason i 'm not giving 5 stars is because i was told to drop it off at 8am and when i got there , lee was not there and i had to call him to see if he was coming . i ended up leaving key inside car ... something i was n't too enthralled with . aside from that , however , the quality of service is there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked into this nail salon after seeing it 's banner flashing a 20 % off on all nail services . their interior space has a gorgeous white and contemporary look . everyone was friendly and the staff seemed to like what they do . i 've been to this salon twice already for mani and pedi and they do a great job for a very reasonable price . i would highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't normally do my nails and definitely do n't keep up with them , but after going to this nail salon that might have to change . this nail salon is beautiful . modern and clean and a pretty decent size . their services are well-priced and extremely affordable . conveniently located on the right hand side of the whole foods plaza . next to protein house . they do sns nails for $ 36 ! sns last for so long and mine never chipped ! i love my nail tech - ask for loann !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found my new salon ! they have a new healthier alternative to acrylic and do not use anything with harsh chemicals . plus it lasts longer . the techs are amazing here and the environment is clean and beautiful ! love this salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randomly came in to try this place and so glad i did ! i had kathy for a sns powder manicure and she was amazing ! highly recommend ! $ 30 for gel or $ 40 for sns powder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely going to be my new nail joint ! location , service , price , environment is all on point . as a first time client , i was even given a few bucks off my pedicure service . very relaxing in a glamorous space . great color selection though i am a neutral color wearing gal : - ) i 'll be a regular here for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very beautiful nail salon , looks like it belongs in las vegas . very modern and clean . service was very professional . the only thing that left me a little twisted was that i was told it would be $ 36 for a sns manicure and i was perfectly fine with that . upon checking out , however , they told me it was $ 40 . i questioned it and they said because i had my cuticles trimmed it was an extra $ 4 . the lady even showed that it was written as such on the menu . i am by far not a penny pincher , i would 've preferred being told it would be extra b4 they trimmed my cuticles . unless this is something new that i 'm not aware of , in all my years getting manicures , i 've never been charged extra for a cuticle trim , it 's just always been part of my manicure . they also do n't put lotion on your hands or give you a hand massage . lastly , do n't forget to bring cash for tips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this new nail place . the interior is amazing . so white and modern . a pleasure to come and sit and have a pedicure kelly did my nails and she was so considerate and kept asking to make sure i was comfortable . i was just having a regular manicure and asked about gel manicures kelly was very informative and addressed my concerns about past gel experiences . i will be coming back to have a gel polish done", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! the decor is modern , clean and it is so relaxing . there are plenty of chairs for pedicures and they have so many polishes to pick from ! from sns , gel and regular polish . kelly and jen are the best and know exactly what i want ! the service is wonderful and the pricing is reasonable . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grand nails did a fantastic job on my pedicure and powder mani ( thanks ivy ) and linda gave my husband an excellent manicure and pedicure ! will definitely be returning again . the interior is beautiful and the managing staff was so sweet and accommodating", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most beautiful salon in scottsdale . so relaxing ! very modern decor ! tons of color options and a variety of different pedicure treatments . this will be your new favorite place to get your nails done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lounge has a beautiful , relaxing feel . the ambience is very `` zen '' and organic . jenn and nina are welcoming and hospitable . the friendly staff makes you feel at home . there is a wide array of services and the expertise of the technicians is excellent . make this your first and only choice for nail services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new nail salon close to my work . i came in the check it out and had a pedi done by kenny and it was a very nice experience . i think the massage could have been better ( my fav thing is a nice massage not just my calf but really focusing on instep and toes ) but all in all he was attentive , listened to my concerns and i enjoyed it . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first class nail salon with first class service . absolutely one of the cutest nail salons i have visited and i have visited many . i am actually sad i do not live in the area but if i did , i would definitely be a regular . came in for a gel manicure and pedicure but thank goodness the manager , nina recommended the new dip powder nail technique and i could n't be more happier with the results . please check out this cute nail salon if you 're in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best pedicure i 've ever had . if you are in scottsdale and go anywhere else you 're missing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove by this place a few times on my way to whole foods and always wanted to try it ... wow . best nail place in scottsdale . i 'm very picky about hygiene and cleanliness and this place has a slam dunk with both ! i had a classic pedicure today , and the sink my feet go inside was lined with a liner . the classic includes a 10 minute foot massage and hot stone to follow . and , the massage was fantastic ! beautiful salon . it 's a few buck more for a pedicure than elsewhere but well well well worth it ! ! ! will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to the north scottsdale area and so happy i found this place ! by far the best manicure and pedicure i have ever had ! everyone was very generous and kind . i did the deluxe pedicure and the dipped nails from ken and ivy and i will definitely be back . they turned out beautiful - thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from the east coast and have lived in the scottsdale area for 18 months . i have frequented several nail spas in the past but have never been totally satisfied with my nails or pedicures . i was a walk in and jennifer completely exceeded my expectations . grand nails has expertise in the hard gel as well as sns products . i also scheduled the signature pedicure which was a great experience . the decor and design in the lounge is top notch ! this is a family owned business and they truly care about quality not quantity ! they will definitely have my business in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "convenient , clean , friendly , capable and reasonably priced ! enjoyed my first visit here and the sns nails turned out great . technicians sometimes do them too thick but this one did not . love the way they turned out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a wonderful relaxing experience ! jen did an amazing job on my manicure . i appreciate that she helped me find the best solution for my nails . tom 's pedicure was soothing and my feet feel amazing . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is gorgeous ! i got sns on my nails and the deluxe pedicure and they both came out wonderful ! i love that they use books to pick out your polish color , it makes it so much faster ! the staff is very friendly and attentive , ask for kelly or jen . : ) i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love this salon . it 's decorated beautifully , has a calm , quiet atmosphere and the staff are consistently friendly . i 've had tammy do my nails twice now and she 's wonderful ... very sweet personality and super gentle on my nails , which is important to me . happy to have a great salon in my neighborhood now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i 'd try this nail salon since it was close to my house and most reviews were very good . i was disappointed . i had the sls nails and a pedicure . the sls i do like , but the girl did n't file them correctly and they have dents in them , plus i had to come back after i left , since i noticed there were little bumps of product which she did n't file well . my pedicure was not great - the salon said a 10 minute massage and i was lucky if i got a 5 minute massage . she was very rough and i did not enjoy the massage at all . plus the guy at the front desk was flirting with all the young girls and ignored us older folks . it was obvious . staff was not very friendly either . i know they are a new salon , and should definitely try harder since there are many other nail salons around . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wonderful service ! they did a great job ! it was the best massage i have had . definitely will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean beautiful nail salon . great naul techs , good prices . my new go to spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most beautiful nail spa i 've ever been in . nail artists were great and very nice ! definitely will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! richie has been super kind and friendly every time i 've gone in . it is very clean and nicely decorated ! this is now my permanent nail spot ! they offer you drinks and are extremely nice ! vivian does a great pedicure ! i ca n't wait to get my nails done here again . it 's totally a perfect environment for relaxing and that `` me '' time that every girl needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi is excellent but they only give you 6 rolls compared to many other places that give you a full sushi roll of 8 . i also ordered lo mein which was really good because it was made with the thick noodles instead of the cheap thin ones . i like that they have both japanese and chinese food because a lot of people do n't like sushi but like chinese . i would rate mr. wok five stars if they gave the right amount of rolls . the roll shortage would n't bother me if it was not the same price as places that give you the 8 rolls . please fix that mr . wok ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just tried the chinese food which was mediocre at best by my picky standards . maybe the sushi would have been better . this location was originally home to yen 's for many years- an exceptional neighborhood chinese restaurant which closed about a year ago due to illness . my expectations were no doubt high and unfortunately not met . i used to make a 20 minute drive for yen 's but do n't expect to do the same for mr wok . but try it yourself if you 're in the area and write a review to confirm or deny my experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place in increditable . it is a must to go ! outside may seem a little dated but that has nothing to do with the food inside . one of my favorite asian restaurants in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seemed to be getting lured into joanns regularly of late . i have several friends who are crafters who want to just stop by when we are in the neighborhood ... i am amazed . they have everything . whatever you want to make , i 'd bet they have the stuff for it . just walking through the aisles i thought of 4,876 different things that i could make with ease because of the wonderful goodies they had . of course , i know i wo n't sit down and make anything . i do n't have the patience to learn how to thread a sewing machine ... maybe if someone gave me a self-threading one , i 'd think about it . maybe . ... .but with all the crafty goodness of joanns ... i could . and a store that makes you believe , well that 's disneyriffic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for party supplies with my husband and had a difficult time finding anything . not only did i live with practically nothing after an hour , it took me 15 minutes to find anyone to help me look for something ! the cashier was also very rude to the guy in front of me and yelled at him for standing in the wrong spot to be in line . then he was told he could 've been helped where he originally was . i could n't believe what i was seeing since i 've been going here since i was a kid ! michaels would 've been a better choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really prefer this location over the avondale location for one reason , it 's huge ! the customer service is great at this location , my only gripe is the cutting area for fabric is not set up as well as it could be . it makes the whole corner of the store unbearable when it 's busy ( and i 've never seen it not busy ) . the line gets pretty long up front but it always moves quickly and check out is friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love joann fabric stores ! ! you can use competitors coupons and there is no limit to how many you can use unlike the other craft stores . this location is particularly busy especially on weekends so you can sometimes expect a pretty long wait for the fabric cutting counter . the staff has always been really helpful and friendly . great fabric selection and much more including scrapbooking , miscellaneous crafts and educational craft supplies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this store . it has a huge variety of crafts , jewelry making and sewing supplies . i 've always been able to find something fun to do . and i do enjoy the browse !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they did n't have the fleece we were looking for , but sarah at the register was super helpful . big plus , they honor michael 's coupons !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joanns store has customer service as excellent as costco ! ! in particular , is their sewing machine department , managed by debbie . this review addresses their amazing customer service , although the entire store is excellent as well . i brought my sewing machine in for repair..3 times ... within one year ... for th recurring bobbin issue ... and the viking store they use to service failed to correct the problem , and did not stand by their 90 day warranty , despite going to their location to in person . i went back to joanns ... shared my frustrating experience with debbie and she was distressed i was treated that way by the viking store . debbie refunded the repair fees and applied to a new sewing machine ! ! debbie was sensitive to my frustration and made it right ! kudos to debbie and her sewing machine department ! this is what customer service looks like ! ! ty debbie and joanns ! ! trish muir peoria az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place if i could i would build my home in here and i would be broke ! i took a sewing class that was free when i bought my sewing machine which was very informative ! i scrapbook and they have everything i need and the one thing i love about joanns the most is that they take competitors coupons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coming to this place for all of my quilting and sewing needs . there prices are are good and the selection is great . the staff is helpful . you can also find some good deals here . i will continue to come here as long as i am quilting and sewing for myself and other people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no other joann store has beat the service and friendliness i 've recieved here in the many years they have been open . i 've visited other locations and continue to drive out of my way to go here . always great prices , a wide selection , and in stock ! ! ! joann 's always has such great coupon deals that are ever revolving ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am working on a quilt and was trying to color match the pattern i had . i found someone , her name was gail , and asked for help . after a dramatic sigh she went over to the section and said this is all we have and i asked if i could find more online and she says i do n't know you 'll have to look . .. so i walked away and took my business else where .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always a great selection . this store is always full of wonderful surprises and great sales . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable . one of my favorite getaways when i have a few hours to enjoy the shopping experience . creativity gets a big helping hand here . lots of classes too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved here from northern california and our joanns never had enough help . this joanns has been a pleasure to shop at with friendly and helpful people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most of the employees were n't helpful and kept telling me to ask someone else . i had a specific fabric i needed and they did n't have enough at the one on dysart but told me this location ( bell ) had six yards . i could n't find it anywhere and nobody was helping . i asked vinnie ( i think that was her name ) . she looked all over and we still could n't find it . i had to leave to meet my sister and she said she would keep looking and look in the back and to come back to the store . when i went back she had found it ! she was awesome , most everyone else was rude . one lady even rolled her eyes and made a face at us when we came back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jo-ann in general is ok as far as the major chain craft stores , it 's not my favorite . they have a pretty decent fabric section , but their art and paper craft dept are meh and higher priced then their craft chain store counterparts . i would rather support the smaller , local owned quilt stores and paper craft stores if i 'm spending any money with or without a coupon . anytime , you use a coupon , most of their stuff is on sale like 30 % so you ca n't use their coupon , just useless . overall , this location is much better than the one in avondale .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this joanns is really huge , but some of the aisles are really cramped for some reason ? ? maybe it 's because of their holiday stuff , but overall in selection and availability it 's not too bad . i found a lot of great craft supplies and it 's fairly priced . just be prepared to wait forever to get fabric if you go around halloween time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a store that literally offers all types of crafting project materials , equipment , and even classes to teach you how to sew quilt etc. , joanne 's is your one stop shop . i 'm an avid crafter but a novice sewer and due to some holiday crafting , i popped in on the saturday following thanksgiving . it was super busy . super chaotic . and if you needed fabric cut - expect a two hour wait at the cut counter ! at least 2 hours . after awhile i lost track of time . this wait speaks to the amazing sale prices but it would have been better if they offered a line for only having 1-5 bolts or yards needing to be cut . there were women with two carts full of bolts causing those of us with small needs to wait really long . and then . when you are ready to check out , prepare again for another really long line . surprisingly the store is well staffed but clearly not equipped to handle the holiday rush to keep things moving at a steady pace .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a very helpful cut counter . the ladies helped me find fabric to match a project i was working on and was very friendly , took time explaining how to finish my project .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crew is fantastic ! everyone was so helpful on directing me on where i had to go ! on top of that , they have some solid coupons ! let 's get to crafting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so difficult to find anything in this place . scanned the aisles forever until i gave up . luckily , i tracked someone down at a register to direct me . finally get to the register to check out but the stupid thing would n't scan . ugh . my last trip here . either hobby lobby or michael 's next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i understand retail sucks but it retail . do not give my wife and i attuitde because you are tired . do work retail then .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location is one of the largest i 've seen . i loved the selection . i have to say that i did n't feel a very warm reception until i got to the front of the store where i was helped by a razzy - a real sweetheart . i enjoyed having her as my cashier . she even showed me the latest coupon after my text coupon had expired . i 'll definitely be back & soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted hoban pest control to assist with two different yellow jacket nests at my home , one in ground and one under the aluminum siding at the back of my house . their rep responded within a few hours and discovered that the yellow jackets had actually burrowed into the house and found that the nest extended into my basement . after applying the treatments to both nests and removing the nest from the house , i was advised that i should expect to see some activity at each for a few days as the yellow jackets would continue to try to get into the nests , but that they would pick up the poison & would eventually die or fly off . by the next day , i saw no activity at all at either area , and i must admit it was nice to be able to cut my grass without worrying about riling them up . it was also nice to be able to use my basement again too . quick , efficient service and they solved my problem . well worth the price and i would n't hesitate to use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have used this service for a year now and they have exceeded my expectations . the are their when they say they are coming , respond to problems very quickly , ask what you want done and do n't just do as they please . i would recommend this service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was friendly , prompt and professional , from the initial phone call , to arriving at my place , providing service , and answering all my questions . 1 . a real person answers the phone . 2 . when she says she has to check something and will call you straight back , she does . 3 . tim called ahead as arranged , and arrived at the promised time , for a last minute appointment . 4 . he answered all my questions , obviously knew what he was doing , and treated the problem ( bees outside and inside ) . 5 . he explained what to expect after he left , and the time frame . 6 . they use non-toxic pet-friendly products . 7 . my pets even liked him ! over the years i have used a variety of companies ; this was the best experience i have ever had and i will be a repeat customer ( hopefully only for maintenance issues ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i like about this safeway : you can have the butcher marinate your meat for free ! ! ! any meat you buy ... they open it..put the marinade that you choose ... and reseal . love it ! ! what i do n't like about this safeway : there are no self check outs . i usually just go in here to get a few items and there is always a long line . why did n't they put the self check outs in here ? ? it is a fairly new place ... geesh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a previous safeway only shopper , this store has changed that . terrible lines , unhappy cashiers who do n't enjoy their job and openly complain about their coworkers & their schedules & treat customers like an inconvenience . it 's not one or two , there has to be a leadership problem for the difference to be so noticeable between this one and every other safeway i 've shopped . i have gotten good service at the produce and meat departments and the team at starbucks are great - happy & helpful !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can you say about a grocery store ? ! i do the bulk of my shopping at this one , and i can say that i have never had a bad experience . the staff is friendly and helpful , and the lines move along pretty good , and the store is clean . prices are a few cents higher than frys and super walmart but the meat and deli stuff are in my opinion much better . also there is a starbucks and us bank inside . also , online shopping and delivery is available at this location ! they also have a gas station , just becareful in the morning as the coke guy stocks the tiny mart , nearly forcing you to climb over mountains of soda to get to the cashier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this safeway is one of the worst that i 've been to . i grew up shopping at safeway , and this one does not meet my standards at all . the bathrooms are always disgusting and in need of a major remodel . the size is smaller than most other safeways , but it should have all the basic items that you need . i do n't think i 've ever seen someone walking around the store to assist customers either . their cashiers are hit or miss . some are friendly , and some do n't say a word to you during checkout . head to the fry 's down the street and get better service and cheaper prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "two stars for being extremely clean and well organized with friendly workers . minus three stars for being riculously over priced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ii wanted to update this review . it 's been 10 months since i reviewed safeway on estrella pkwy and i wanted to give them a second chance . sorry i did . the meat again was awful , the discount bin was overflowing with green meat and some of it was starting to get warm . the meat counter area did get a bit cleaner and i was interested in meat in the case . unfortunately the man tending the counter and i had a slight language barrier and he was unable to answer my questions , but he was nice enough . still not a place i want to shop . the other huge turn off was the assistant manager at the service desk . he looked overwhelmed and unfriendly , never once did he look interested in what i needed or happy to be there . on a bright note the starbucks employees are always great and the coffee is good ! i will still just keep this as a milk and bread stop only .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a customer for far too long at this location . i shop here weekly and have dealt with the bad attitude of the cashiers for over a year . i asked a cashier today if she could swipe her safeway card because i did n't want to run back to my car with toddler in tow and she refused saying it was illegal . i ended up asking to speak to the manager about this and she informed me they would simply have me fill out another form . i did this but it infuriated the cashier . what a horrible lady . i realize you hate your job but do n't ruin my shopping experience . i wo n't be back here until these frowns on the employees turn upside down . the lines are often long with only one or two cashiers at most on staff to help . it 's sad , this store will end up closing if they continue to provide this type of service and treat their customers poorly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store has issues . checking out is horrible . there is never anyone at the customer service counter . last night there were two checkers each with about six customers in line . most of us had three items or less . it was hopeless . we will not shop.there anymore due to this ongoing problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love to shop at safeway . collecting monopoly tickets is a game in itself . how many can i get each trip ? 3 's a crowd sometimes gets overlooked , so be sure to check with the manager if you need anything . thanks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "called to get subs for the same day , i did n't know if i had to order them ahead of time or if they can prepare the same day . i wanted 2-3 foot long deli subs . i talked to the deli department which i began asking questions she interrupted me and asked for when did i want them , i said as soon as possible and what was the earliest i can have them . she asked in a very sarcastic tone `` for today ? '' . i asked how long in advanced i had to request but before i even finished my question the line got disconnected on her end ... if i had more time on my hands i would call the manager but i moved on to frys who was able to prepare me 3 within 30 minutes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "twice this week i tried to buy michelob ultra 24 packs at the safeway on estrella parkway at an advertised sale price . the store was out of the product both times and also refused to issue a rain check for the advertised item . the second day when i inquired about a rain check i was told that it was against arizona law to issue rain checks on liquor . the young lady at the customer service desk was very nice and friendly , but very misinformed probably by her superiors . in fact , to advertise a product that is not available at a sale price is very close to bait and switch tactics , which is illegal . i inquired at the fry 's store in avondale and they had not heard of any such law . i then went to the safeway on elliott road . they were out of the 24 packs but offered to sell me an equal amount of 12 packs at the same sale price . they also had not heard of an arizona law against rain checks for liquor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid this store at all cost ! ! ! ! never had a good experience here and i dont know who the manager is but if she spent as much time trying to take care of her customers as she seemed to take care of curling her hair , she may have a chance at managing at least a 2 star worthy store and the only reason she got 1 is because i couldnt ( not ) leave any . they need to have training in how to use the service ( western union ) or not offer it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in this store today to pick up some essentials and i was surprised at how filthy the store was . this store is located in a newer part of goodyear but it looks like one that would have been around for 50 years . first , the bathroom was horrible . the mirrors were scratched with graffiti writing , no soap in the dispenser and the floor looked as if it had not been mopped in a week . i went to pick the items up and noticed the oscar mayer bacon was priced at 3.99 each with a coupon on the safeway website , so the tag read . well i tried to find the coupon on the website . i got to the register mentioned the ad and the cashier could not get the help as she should from the lead or supervisor . at one point he told her to call someone else for a code instead of getting it for her . anyway you can tell that it appears to need leadership at this store . good luck safeway !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! they have only 2 lanes open , no self checkout , unfriendly workers , young workers who rather text than bag our groceries ! slow workers i can go on and on", "score": "1"}
{"review": "smaller safeway that i 'm used to but it has all my staples . not as nice as other safeways though but it will do the job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice clean store ... .would shop here anytime ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two stars for being convenient . this store is going down hill fast . the employees always have a bad attitude , especially the girls in the starbucks kiosk . the older lady in the deli is pretty grumpy too . when this store first opened the employees were friendly and helpful . now it 's far from being friendly . the cashiers tend to not even greet the customers and most often they are to busy gossiping with the bag clerks . i 've purchased deli meat and it 's been slimy and bad within a day . the meat section tends to be questionable at times too . be very choosy when looking at the meat . the veggie section is ok . they carry the basics . i hope that some way they turn this store around because it is so convenient .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hate to say this but check your reciept . every time i do there is a huge error . check out is slow . not the best safeway i have every been at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "check your receipt . also , why put 4 small items in two bags ? this can cause product to be left at register ( and unhappy customers ) who arrive home without all the product they paid for ? cashiers have always been friendly during our visits by the way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i called around looking for this special type of cake i 've been craving since i left cali and other locations here denied my order but not this location ! loved how she was able to put in my order especially last min on easter day ! ! ! kudos to the bakery woman that helped me ! i'am overjoyed she 's making this cake for me ! they used to make it she said , but they stopped . but i 'm so glad she 's able to do this request for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a couple times . the store is never crazy busy . there have never been carts strewn through out the parking lot . the store seems clean . it is set up strangely , but we are used to stores we frequent more . the staff seems young and more interested in flirting with each other than working . when we see good deals we will stop through here on our weekly shopping run to other stores .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this safeway is horrible , the employees are very rude , and i 've even heard em argue with customers , very expensive and when there busy , there 's only one cashier usually open ... so it takes forever , i 'll go to bashas or walmart before here . this review was from a couple years ago , and i 've got to say that safeway has completely redeemed themselves . there new store manager has really improved this store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here because its close i love that the still double my coupons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store opened the same day i closed on my house . 15 april 2003 . it is now dank and smelly ... like an old market in the bronx . only it 's only ten years old ! ... today i found out they took away the bulk coffee . i may be shopping at sprouts from now on ... longer drive but seriously ... forcing folks to buy pre-packaged ( who knows where it came from coffee ? ) . that could be the last straw .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i gave this store 1 star . i 'd like to give zero . worst customer service i 've ever encountered ! ! ! ! the cashier literally said zero words to me while i was checking out . i had 5 items . even took them out of my hand basket for him . he bagged my raw meat in the same bag as my bread , milk , and cheese . gross ! ! ! ! ! i mentioned at the very end ... after he could n't even tell me my total ( let alone `` hello '' or `` do you have a safeway card ? '' ) that no one believes me when i tell them that cashiers at this store do n't speak to me . he just gave me a lazy look & could n't have cared less . finally he said , `` sorry about that . '' what a joke ! never again will i visit this store . remember corporations -- -- bad news travels faster than good news .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service by the employees who work for starbucks . she was so rude and grumpy , i asked if she had a long day and she looked at me like i was crazy and said i do n't understand you . avoid this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor girl at starbucks was left by herself and the line was insane ! she ask for help over intercom several times even ask a passing coworker to pleas get `` nicole '' who obviously was uninterested in helping her . the sad thing is she was in the mirrored room right next to the starbucks area . the poor girl said i know she can see this . i give the young lady kudos she pressed through and 15 min later i got my coffee and she was still smiling taking orders and making coffee by herself ! oh the pumpkin spice latte was delicious never had it before !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have never had a good time here . i 've been several times for a professional group 's monthly socials , and i have always found the service to be slow ( and sometimes cold ) , and the food very mediocre . the last straw was when i was there on a sunny afternoon and noticed , in the harsh daylight , just how filthy the carpet on the stairs is . there is no excuse for last winter 's grime to still be there ( i am writing this in september ) . this disgusted me so much ( more for the lack of caring on the part of management than the actual dirt itself ) that i am going to get our group to meet elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is your quintessential neighbourhood bar ! the service is pleasant , the beer selection is great and both the street-level and 2nd floor patios are lovely . the apple tree adds great ambiance . it 's great for private parties , too . i 've been here several times , and during all seasons ... on a summer evening with friends , on a rainy day with my spouse , at night to enjoy a few pints . the food is reliably decent bar food at a reasonable price . the crowd is always nice and never obnoxious or too loud . foodise , i especially enjoy the salads and am always a fan of sweet potato fries . also , there is enough selection in the menu for when you 're in a group , or if you 're a regular . for what it is - a bar , on wellington - it 's perfect . cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicely tucked away from king st. w , offers a a homely atmosphere , rather than the large , dining hall-like restaurants all over toronto . good selections of beer , and both meals were tasty . on either end of the spectrum , the vegetarian dish was n't bland , or a weakness of the establishment , while the steak was cooked as requested . only note that i have is that i would prefer to not have a mountain of french fries underneath my steak , it makes it difficult to cut , and is a bit unnecessary . other than that , everything was great . i 'll most certainly be back during the summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place for the drinks and servers . not so much for the tables . seriously , please get better tables so that if one of us leans on it we do n't run the risk of having our drinks spill everywhere . anyway , the drinks are fairly priced and had a good variety . our server was so friendly , always checked up on us to see if we needed a refill or anything else . i will come back here if i am in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : food was excellent ! cons : service . took almost 45 minutes for the food to come out and the waiter came to our table twice . once for us to order . another with the check . a waitress brought the food and then never came back . we had to flag someone down after 20 minutes to get another beer and the check . no offer of dessert . just poor service overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just met the owner . what a class act . the guy made a history book to celebrate his buildings history . built in 1891 . great place for a nice pint with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best restaurant and patio in king west . new food menu is really good , not just boring pub fare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is adorable and has a huge patio including a funky one upstairs . the menu is standard pub fare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! what a cute little place ! i went out with friends for brunch on saturday . one of our friends said he had gotten lost a few weeks ago and saw this bar that looked cool . so off we set in search of a bar that he found when he was lost . i was skeptical , but figured i am always up for an adventure . as we were walking i spotted bar welling and was like `` omg we have to go here ! '' . luckily thats where we were headed ! the place was n't crowded so we were seated right away which was nice . around lunch time you can get either the lunch or brunch menu which is nice . the atmosphere here is awesome . the staff are really friendly and the food is n't bad either . the frites and breakfast potatoes were both amazing ! the hot chocolate is also good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i met gord at bar wellington after work for supper this evening . we split an order of garlic bread . it was hot and soft ... though tasty , it was n't very garlicy . gord ordered mac 'n cheese . the more he ate , the better he liked it . i ordered wings with thai sweet chili sauce . they were okay , not great . the sauce was good but the wings were overcooked so were too dry . they definitely were n't `` jumbo '' ... there were nine for $ 12 and none were drummettes . i would n't get them again . we 've had some good times at this bar ... tonight it was just so-so .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "situated in the popular area of king west , the bar ample indoor and outdoor space . it occupies both the floors of what i guess used to be an old house with 2 nice patios ( upstairs and downstairs ) . it has a perfect setting for restaurant-goers wanting to enjoy some food and beverage while enjoying the summer weather . food - lots of options . i was surprised that for a bar , it has a number of healthy options and caters to both veg and non-veg patrons . my boyfriend ordered the blt with a salad which he thought was tasty and i ordered the vallarta antojitos ( baked tortilla with spicy black bean and avocado served with sour cream and salsa ) which too was pretty good . service - the hostess was nice and we did n't feel like we were forgotten at any point of time . will definitely plan on going back to enjoy the patio and the food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been here for brunch , but both times , i 've consistently had great service and a tasty meal . also the outdoor patio has a nice view of the park ! this time we had the quinoa breakfast bowl and classic eggs benny . both were delish . i would highly recommend for your brunch needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got greeted by two hammered men burping directly in my face . and the 3 dip appetizer was disgusting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a brunch spot that 's filled with people but always seems to have a table - this is it . it 's not super pricey , and has a patio to tie up your dogs ( if it 's the summer ... or the winter , if you 're into that ) . definitely recommend trying any of their egg benedicts ( but stay clear of the coffee ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 4.25 for a tiny square box of plain rice . are you kidding me ? these guys are brutal . . only place i 've ever been to , in the history of restaurants , that charges less money for french fries than plain rice . chicken shawarma wrap had the least amount of chicken i 've ever received in a shawarma , and it was $ 7.99 hope your extreme cheapness was worth the 1 star rating", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is delicious for being a chain restaurant . not as many toppings if you get a shwarma plate like at other restaurants such as shwarma queen or villa madina . price is on par for wraps and plates . if you ask for anything extra you usually have to pay whereas other places would just give it to you for free especially if you are a regular . taste is good but there are better offerings out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3.5 stars i ordered the hummus plater which included beef . an enjoyable meal , but they could do better with more flavour overall . the hummus could 've used more lemon and garlic , and the beef with more seasoning . i also wish they had another spicier hot sauce available . that said , it was still pretty good and quite fresh . i also like that they freshly grilled bell peppers and added it to it . nice interior , clean , and friendly service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best nutrition store in vegas ! how convenient that they 're at the mall too ! ian was helpful too . i usually go to the eastern location , & this location is equally helpful & awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have another location that is closer to us therefore ; this was not a everyday stop shop for us . however we stopped here once we were at the mall last couple weeks ago which turned out to be as great . the store was very cleaned and organized . the salmon was perfect . the price you can not beat . what else can you say about a nutrition store on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding selection , knowledgeable employee working and competitive prices a must when in vegas great job guys thanks for all the stuff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice arrangement and the price is reasonable . will buy again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you anna for the amazing flower crown ! ! my friend love it ! ! a place with a full selection , nice people : - ) highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great flowers and great service^_^ all the flowers look so so pretty", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently found this spa because of yelp ! i went today and got a bikini wax ! the girl who did mine was great ! it didnt hurt she kept me distracted by talking to me . really nice and down to earth salon ! clean and not too pricey ! i walked out with a smile..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so some time has passed since i visited this spa . i can say that i got a waxing and the girl definitely double dipped . in fact she used the same applicator to get wax from the large paint can sized vat for the entire procedure . she seemed skilled for the most part , the process was n't really that painful and she talked the whole time which was a nice distraction . but upon getting home and further inspecting her work , i was left tweezing a large area that was left untouched as well as numerous strays that should have all been dealt with while i was on the table . the lotion i was given as a post-treatment was also about a year expired . i also got a haircut while here . nothing special . the girl was terrified to take off the length i wanted so after 2 attempts to get her to take it shorter i walked out with a cut i was only somewhat satisfied with . the prices are high . i wont be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very impressed with element and how far they 've come . it was obvious from the beginning that the owner knew what she wanted ( i had services done before the move ) , and the owner is always in favor of getting reviews of her staff . i have had services from the owner and her staff , and i have never been disappointed . the owner believes in quality service , and she keeps up with her education to ensure that her customers received excellent service . well done , element . much respect to the small business owner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just moved to the area and needed to find a new place to get my massages . my massage therapist was very good but mid massage someone walked into the room and the walls were so thin i could hear every conversation . i could not relax .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm a bit delayed in submitting this review . booked a bridal party for 6 of us back in august 2014 to have various services the morning of my friend 's wedding . these included manicures , pedicures and hair styling . i called around and researched quite a few places and was really pleased with the overall customer service and individual attention we received . sara and her staff really did a fabulous job and made sure we got everything we needed . she was upfront about pricing and availability and assured me they could handle all that we needed to get done in the time frame we had . they even took on a last minute massage that we did n't pre-book and gave us lots of space to bring in food and hang out while we had our services . our nails looked fabulous and our hair looked great ! thank you for all of the pampering and special attention . i highly recommend this place to other bridal parties . prices are competitive and the staff really easy to work with , not to mention very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . lovely and smells like lavender my favourite . very relaxing from the bells on the door to the beautiful music . i had my hair cut and eyebrow wax . i just showed a style i liked on my phone and alicia recreated it . really pleased . they even had a lovely little sitting area while u wait . loved my wax too . go you will never want to leave . so zen . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i both go to elements regularly for services . sara and her staff are all amazing . schedule yourself a facial , massage , or nail service-you will not be disappointed ! very fortunate to have elements in moon township !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the most wonderful and fantastic facial i 've ever had ! sara was awesome and i definitely recommend asking for her by name . i was in 90 minutes of heaven and i will be back very soon ! ! ! my skin feels and looks great ! i 'm so relaxed and balanced . it really was the best spa experience i 've ever had ! thanks , sara ! you rock ! ! ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sara the owner is very friendly some one is at the front desk to answer any questions.massage and salon areas very clean . i enjoy hot stone massages by stephanie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . all the employees are nice and friendly and helpful . so far i 've had a manicure and waxing service and i have another appointment scheduled . this is going to be my go day spa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used multiple services ( haircuts , massages , wedding hair up-do , full make up for wedding day ) and have been thrilled with every experience ! everyone has always been so kind and friendly , and sometimes there 's even an adorable dog there to greet you . i 'm so happy i found element - every visit is relaxing and of high quality service . also , this is an aveda spa and everything smells amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i went here per request of a friend that swears by this place and am glad we did . we had samantha and stephanie and they were both wonderful . it was relaxing and we both left feeling refreshed . my only downside to this place was that i could hear a lot going on outside of the room . ( people talking , using the microwave , people walking on the floor above ) the prices were great and even better specials ; an hour massage and an hour facial for $ 99 ! i also added hot bamboo which i 've never had . i enjoyed it . overall i would definitely go back to this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was visiting the area from out of town . i stopped in as a walk-in to see if i could get a pedicure . they were very accommodating . i was able to get a great pedicure and a shampoo blowdry ! the salon was very comfortable and the service was wonderful . i 'll go back the next time i 'm in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booked a manicure , not an express manicure and not a spa manicure , just a regular manicure . no water , no lotion . i could n't believe it . the nails were nicely trimmed , but i never soaked my hands in water , nor was lotion applied . i still ca n't believe i paid $ 27 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "more stars needed to review jasmin ! i found the dg through a coupon site and am so glad i did ! she is professional , friendly , so well informed about skin care , does n't oversell products and services , oh , and does a great facial ! my favorite is the dermaplane with whatever she thinks my skin needs . i 've been to see her about four times now and plan on continuing for quite a while . cost is very reasonable , office area is clean , staff is great ... give her a try , you will be pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jasmin is amazing ! she is the ultimate professional ! my skin has never looked better ! great value and price for the services she provides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jasmin has the magic touch ... and amazing skin herself to prove she knows what she 's doing . informed about the latest in skincare treatment , jasmin not only uses products that she has previously tested herself ... .on her own face . everything she uses during the facial is available for purchase making it easy to maintain the glow she gave me at home . go see jasmin pronto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jasmin is the best aesthetician ever . she really knows her stuff and has a great bedside manner . my skin looks better than ever . she has me on osmosis home care and my rosecea has improved and my melasma has virtually disappeared !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i had the pleasure of having the best facial i have ever experienced ! jasmin is a professional that radiates a warm caring personality . i appreciate her knowledge of skin products and willingness to share this information . she truly was concerned for what would work best for my skin . i purchased this dermaplane facial service through a coupon and now will definitely return for monthly services . the location is convenient , office clean , and desk staff warm and welcoming . her prices were very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love coming here to get facials and peels ! i feel so well taken care of by someone who truly cares about how my skin looks and the experience while i am there . i have suffered from keratosis pilaris ( tiny bumps on my cheeks and arms ) since i was a teenager , and , by going every month for an epiblading or dermafiling treatment , it really keeps my bumps from being noticeable . even mg dad said something about my skin the other day ! : ) her prices are beyond reasonable too ! i like how she has a membership that helps keep me on track of when i should come in next", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love big iron pieces for the garden ? wish you had cast iron hooks for your home ? love garden signs ? always wanted a three foot high eiffel tower ? this might be the store for you . this is certainly an unusual blend of styles , they have everything form country clutter to rustic tuscany . great place to poke around and explore . i found the prices a wee bit high for my price range but that 's just me . i would have love to pick up come french looking iron wall pieces that were in a big basket but at 18.00 each too much for me . but if i was redesigning my garden or a room i would want to check out figs for a few knick knacks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like figs . i am really impressed by the variety of things inside this store . if you are looking for a housewarming gift , i 'd start here . i found this great big wooden `` library table '' for my business at a fraction of the price that i thought we 'd have to pay . we are always getting asked where we found it , and i 'm glad to reccommend figs . great parking , and curbside service if you make a purchase . five stars may seem like a lot , but i love the quality and charm that they bring to the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the stuff here ! they have really unique , fun decor . sadly , everything was way too expensive . i wanted a small mermaid statue but it was $ 65 ! ! they had a ton of them too so it was n't a one of a kind piece that i would be willing to pay that much for . they also had a sign posted that said `` our prices are firm but fair '' which struck me as unfriendly . probably will not return to buy , just to look and dream about being able to buy anything .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live in melrose and have wandered around this place a couple of times . cool and interesting items but unfortunately it 's too pricey for my taste . if you have the money to spend , check it out ! oh , and maybe they 've had problems with shoplifters as they keep a really close eye on you which can be uncomfortable . i 'd suggest cameras to the owners so they can watch shoppers from monitors instead of stalking them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "upon entering you are overwhelmed with the amount of beautiful scenery . you want to take everything home with you . the owner immediately greets you and helps you find what you are looking for . the owner is very courteous . everything in the store is reasonably priced . many of his items have their own unique background which i find fascinating . the store is very different from the many other stores i have been to . i can safely say that this is one of my favorite stores . the store is packed and packed with interesting things . i believe everyone should shop here for their home & garden necessities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've traveled the shops on the melrose curve and figs is my favorite visit . yeah - their prices are up there , as others have said , but i appreciate their selection . whereas i find many of the other antique shops on 7th just load on cheaply veneered 80 's furniture ( also known as , simply 80 's furniture ... ugh ) , figs ' offering include unique statuettes , wall hangings , and [ for lack of a better word ] knick knacks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is incredible ! one would be hard pressed not to find an item they do n't want to buy . prices are steep , but most items in the store are hard to find in az . i must admit i was leery about going to this establishment after reading the yelp reviews about the owner . i do n't like to be followed or haggled while shopping . expecting the worst but getting so much better than anticipated . my experience with the owner was awesome ! he was very kind and even held a conversation with me that had nothing to do with his shop . nobody followed me around the store , i leisurely strolled through the store and saw at least 25 items i need today ! do n't miss out on fig based on a few negative reviews .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a global collection of vintage , antique , artisan and neo vintage , neo antique . lots of decorative knicks and knacks for indoor and outdoor use , plus many clever , useful items for the practically creative among us . prices are higher than i like to pay . but we are not interior or architectural sophisticates .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my two dogs have been going to hpv since they were in their old location near the train tracks . i find that the vets and staff here are kind , no nonsense and knowledgable and my two dogs have not had a bad experience . i find their prices reasonable and they never try to sell me something unless my dogs absolutely need it . their new location has plenty of parking , very clean and spacious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like a reviewer before me , i also take my holland lop rabbit to healthy pet vet clinic ; i drive in from deforest . they are really one of the only vet practices in the area with knowledge about small mammals and everyone is so nice . love the bunny boarding , especially . it 's so reassuring to know my non-cat , non-dog pet is in qualified hands while i 'm away !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. roberts helped my shih tzu 's bowel movements get back on track . called to make an appt , and was able to have her looked at the very same day . nice to have a vet this close to home . was weary of trying a new clinic , but glad i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have an elderly rabbit , and the doctor was so kind and gentle with her that she was hardly scared at all . my husband also brings his miniature poodle here . we love getting the postcards from our dog reminding us he needs a checkup ! it 's a very cute touch , but the bottom line is that the medical care your pet gets here is exemplary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've had good experiences with healthy pet . they seem to specialize in greyhounds , which is what we have , and even worked with us when our older could no longer get to the office . i think dr. christman is kind of a local greyhound guru , and is a very nice resource to have available . the front desk staff seem very competent , if occasionally a bit chatty ( not a problem in general , but might be a turn off to someone in a bad mood ) . they 've been generally good about getting prescriptions filled quickly , though they have outsourced some meds to some online mail-order outfit . i 'm not sure of the exact details , as i 'm not the one who has dealt with it , but it seemed a little odd to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel that this could be a perfectly good restaurant but every time i go there they just miss it . so if you want an expensive meal that just misses tasting good , go here . i had a perfectly good burger that had apparently been sitting too long before the waiter brought it out : the bottom bun had turned to soggy mush . so close ! i tried a tomato bisque with goat cheese lumps in it that had a lot of potential but there were so many goat cheese lumps that the balance was all wrong . when you order a tomato bisque it should taste like tomato , i reckon . almost ! i had a fancy-pants mushroom and sausage pizza . each ingredient seemed good by itself , but as a whole it had a taste i would describe as `` many strong clashing cheeses . '' nearly there !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "go here if you want free food poisoning . my mom got food poisoning from some shrimp she ate here . for the rest of the day , she was vomiting . needless to say , i 'll never eat there again . not only is the food bad , the owner is an absolute horror . i have n't dealt with him personally but he 's got a very bad reputation . i talked with several people who worked here and they said he was just horrible . i 'm amazed that they are still in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing thin crust pizza and the best seafood risotto ever . also great deserts . i have never been disappointed at timpone 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could choose zero stars i would 've . terrible customer service to match their terrible food . i received my order late , and it was wrong . i called the restaurant immediately to let them know what was wrong and after the 10 minutes it took for me to get the woman on the phone to understand what was wrong and agree that there was a problem with my order , she said she would send someone . after waiting an hour for the replacement food to come i called to make sure it was coming , only to be yelled at and told my problem was n't that big and they were too busy to be bothered with me and then hung up on . do not for the love of good chinese food go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like bobo . they have really authentic chinese food . best on campus . off campus is tang denisty . if you are not from south southeast part of china , you will definitely agree with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes waitresses may have horrible attitudes but sometimes it 's nice though . food is quiet traditional and all you can eat buffet is affordable . you need to choose what to eat wisely otherwise you may feel disappointed . if you like traditional noodles that taste like your grandma made it , you could order `` \u6392\u9aa8\u6e6f\u9eb5 '' or `` \u69a8\u83dc\u8089\u7d72\u9eb5 . '' these make me feel like home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered for delivery about 6 months ago . food came after close to 2 hours . it was cold when it came , and the driver was barely apologetic . they were very unhelpful over the phone . food was mediocre , definitely not the best i 've ever had , but also not the worst . i was apprehensive because there have been claims of cockroaches in the food , but i had none . i would definitely go with cravings if you 're in the area over bobo china .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst attitude ever . do n't even go there . i do n't even know how they are still open . the owner is so bad , she talks to us other guests like demanding us . we waited so long and even the ppl came after us got their dishes . when we asked how long we still need to wait , the owner was like `` ca n't u just wait for a while ? ! '' it was literally so bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go there , there are plenty of nice chinese places within walking distance , do n't risk your dinner . the attitude is horrible , we waited for 1h and it turned out they just forgot to cook . when we ask for refund , the women at front shot and acted like it was our fault . worst chinese place ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my second time here and there will not be a third time . portion was less than half of what was given last time . the dishes were like leftover from other customers . it literally looked like someone just finished eating it . i also suspected sanitary issue with this place . i had bad diarrhea after having bobo 's food . long story short , avoid this place at all cost . i 'll never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could choose zero star . the worst attitude i 've ever seen . wo n't go there anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never come here again ! they misserved the dishes and they did not admit their mistake and even argued with us ... ... so disappointed ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! bad manner and bad service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst takeout experience i have ever had . the service was horrible . it took almost 2 hours to get my food . when i called the delivery man to ask where he was he replied , `` i 'll get there eventually . i have other deliveries . '' he was also very rude in person . the food was subpar . i ordered chicken and broccoli , and it was the most bland food i have ever had . i had to load it with soy sauce , which they did not include in the bag so i had to go buy . i would absolutely never recommend this restaurant to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just wanted to give bobo a shot after hearing some mixed reviews about it . i highly regret it now because it is just the worst chinese restaurant you can find on green street . the food is bland , and the owner got so aggressive when i tried pointing out that the meat tasted a bit old . she literally slammed the table and told me every restaurant cooked their meat like that . would not recommend at all as there are two better chinese restaurants just within twenty yards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad chinese food i have eaten . i went in here . it was empty , but i was hungry . i ordered fried rice with chicken . several problems . it was prepared in like 3 minutes . what ? it was half cold . literally the meat and veggies and eggs were cold . also , almost all the meat was oily fat . literally everything tasted wrong . i felt like i could taste the individual salt crystals that they probably sprinkled on . the people seem nice . but i felt like barfing while i was eating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a review of bobo china 's hot pot . i 've had hotpot a few times here . it is generally not bad , but you really have to pester the waiter to get anything . however , the restaurant is really lacking in the cleanliness department . the tables are sticky to the touch . for what its worth , i have heard some terrible things about their buffet , but i have not eaten it so i will withhold from commenting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered takeout from here for the first time and will never again . i had a taste for chop suey and bo bo is one of the only places in the area that had it , so i decided to give it a shot . it was super bland and very oily . i 've never had oily chop suey before , but their sauce literally separated in the container . i could have maybe looked past the oilyness if it had tasted remotely appetizing , but it had no taste at all . they also gave my vegan boyfriend the wrong tofu dish with pork in it . save yourself the calories and do n't eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there several times for buffet . they only have maybe 10 selections of fried dishes and some desserts that look old . have n't tried anythin else there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to give an update on my review ... after the owner of the store found out about my review rating , she called me & emailed me to apologize for her less than friendly demeanor and explain that she had some personal things going on at the time ... i appreciate the follow up and clearly she cares enough about her business to follow up to make sure her customers are happy . i 'll be back if i 'm looking for another piece of unique furniture for my home ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has super cute furniture . i 'm glad to have a store so close that does n't have the generic room store crap in it . the staff here will pretty much leave you alone and let you look at your leisure which is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the only place my wife and i will buy furniture from , absolutely fantastic ! my wife and i spent a better part of a month looking for a tv stand for our living room . everything we came across was cheap and prefabricated . we stumbled on sweet potatoes while on our way home from another local store . the owner was extremely friendly and helpful . we found a couple things we liked but not the size we needed . the owner told us the pieces we were looking at are locally made and offered to call and see if they could custom make one . not only did they agree but the price we were given was 200 dollars less than anything else we were looking at . we have since received the piece and could not be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store has such unique furniture pieces at very reasonable prices . marci & adam are extremely helpful and patient when it comes to assisting with furniture coordination . i have purchased many pieces from them and have had only enjoyable experiences with each purchase . this is a wonderful store to find that unique piece you 've been hunting for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of business . i checked the phone thinking they might have moved . nope - `` no longer in service ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every time i brought my car to this repair shop , ( which is quite a few times actually ) mike and his team were very professional . i know nothing about cars , so i have always been a bit reluctant when i had to bring my car to a repair shop , however mike always took the time to explain everything to me and he never rushed pushed me into doing repairs on my car that was not necessary . this is what i love the most about this shop , their friendliness ( you always feel welcomed , as soon as you go through the door ) and their professionalism . i would recommend this location to anybody , in fact this is what i have been doing and my friends have always been happy with their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am the kind of person that does n't know very much about cars and when i brought in mine , for the first time to desert car care 8 months ago , it had a lot of issues . the manager took time to explain everything to me and make sure that i understood . i had to do a lot of repairs on my car over the months , but now it works like a new one ! i recently brought it in for an oil change and mike and the team took great care of me . i am really grateful for finding them and i highly recommend their services and their reasonable prices ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in due to brake problems i was having with my car . i had gone to brake plus prior to arriving here who tried lying to me and charging me 500 dollars on a master cylinder plus more that was n't needed . mike helped me out and literally saved me from being ripped off . he was super nice and made sure to take the time to get a right diagnosis for my car ... it turns out i only needed my brakes bled and new brake pads . they gave me a great deal and were very understanding and very fair with prices . it 's hard to find a shop you can trust . i 'll definitely be coming back . a very honest shop with great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a flat tire this morning . and was literally freaking out . i could see a huge screw in the side of my tire ) : unfortunately they could not repair it however they removed my bad tire and put my spare on for free and then drove my car to my work for me . i work within walking distance and was able to leave my car there and they brought it to me . awsome service ! ! ! ! i was almost in tears when i got there as i just started a new job and did not want to be and they totally turned my day around ! i will recommend these guys to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing i hate is paying for labor on a battery . they should throw that in . everyone is great here . i know as a man i should replace it myself but if you are buying something from somebody , then i expect great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this shop ! they take real good care of their customers . they explain what 's wrong with your car and how to prioritize the repairs , so that you can plan your budget . thank you mike for accommodating me between customers and fixing my ac so fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rusty and the techs here are very knowledgeable and make getting your car worked on a less stressful experience . i will be bringing my car here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michael was all about customer service . he was helpful , personable , and took the time to explain everything . he and his staff were looking out for me and my safety .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i go to get anything done to my cars , checked on my cars and for any professional opinions . great staff working there and it 's no wonder they have stellar reviews and need an appointment to go in as they are busy with loyal customers . prices are great value ! mike is a true professional who knows a lot and helps you learn about your cars too . check this place out if you have n't already .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been customers of desert car care mcqueen for two years . we are always very pleased with their work . we strongly recommend this honest shop to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off ! you get what you pay for ! mike the manager especially and also his crew who mike sees thru do a terrific job and fix it correctly the first time , they wo n't bandaid it , you own a vehicle then expect breakdowns ! i give mike 5 stars and has really turned that shop into a grade a mechanic repair shop ! they have common sense and uphold their word , guaranteed repair and i have no hesitation sending my wife there and knowing the job will get done correctly at a fair price , they are insured and licensed and i trust them ! thank you mike and crew for a great job done jason h", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've worked with a lot of mechanics in my life and desert care mcqueen is by far my favorite . they 're knowledgeable , down to earth and take good care of their customers . i have taken my car and my wife 's car many times . i especially enjoy working with mike and highly recommend to anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place to take my car in the valley . several of my coworkers go here as well . the customer service we receive is exceptional ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shout out to rusty and his guys ! excellent customer service . i can totally trust them which is more than i can say for the previous place i was bringing my car to . i would highly recommend desert car care ! ! ! 2 thumbs up rusty , thanks a million . see you soon for an oil change and brake inspection . sincerely , one happy customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience from the first time i called to the moment i paid and left . friendly people , well kept building , quick and top notch service . definitely my new car shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service manager mike was so helpful when i brought in my old blazer for a check up & oil change today . he not only helped prioritize my problems and maintenance but also saved me money on an issue that needed to be fixed immediately ! thanks for the great work and service guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this place gets a 3.5 stars from me . it 's a sports bar ... not my typical m.o. , but good for groups if you are with a bunch of drooling sports fans . outdoor seating , cheap prices , pretty good service . we had a sweet little thing named la who successfully deflected all of the pickup lines from the married men at the table next to us while keeping a smile on her face . impressive . you go girl - extra points for her . the food was nothing to rave about , but the hand cut fries were on point . they typically have some live music ( 90 's covers mostly ) , girls that are just tipsy enough to not walk a straight line , guys in pastel polos & khakis , and pounders ... lots and lots of pounders . on a weekend night this place is wall-to-wall people . cornhole in the parking lot . within walking distance to lots of other bars & restaurants . overall , not too shabby !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on recent trip to charlotte , i found myself at angry ale 's on no less than three separate occasions . away from my home turf on the recent nuggets playoff run , i found aas a go to spot to watch the game . the staff and crowd was friendly and accepting of my explicit nuggets fanship , as i was clad in a jersey and not without boisterous comments . also , i made it here on wednesday for trivia night , which was awesome . i am a regular trivia geek at woody 's pizza in arvada , co ... thus it was quite interesting to be exposed to a different format . i found the competition stiff , the questions written with wit and intelligence , and the overall experience quite invigorating . finally , on this most recent trip to aas i noticed how friendly the wait staff is . they truly do epitomize a sense of southern hospitality that is difficult to find elsewhere . lindsay is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the worst service and food i 've ever had in charlotte . im normally not a complainer , but this was beyond terrible . the service was rude and slow , and after waiting over an hour for food mine came out with a chunk of hair in my burger . ill never ever go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible bar and terrible service . every time i have come here i 've waited twenty minutes to get a drink while some fratboy high school all star has gotten free drinks all night because they know the bartender . owners also own the train wreck that is andrew blair 's next door . this bar along with andrew blairs is a recreation of the charlotte high school scene . if you did not go to high school in charlotte , you will not get drinks and not know anyone here . i was completely miserable . let 's not forget the bartender who gave free drinks to young men who paid her for haircuts during the week . this kind of stuff is not how you run a business and i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first time i went to this resturaunt i knew i would be coming back , and i did ... and i brought friends ! i would recommend sitting on the patio , even on a warm night ! the food is really excellent bar food . i would highly recommend the southwest salad with hot ranch . my husband loves the burgers and macaroni and cheese . everything on the menu is great . just keep in mind , that on game nights , it does get really loud . the staff is nice . also keep in mind on game nights the wait staff are not as quick to serve you . they also keep the televisions quite loud . they have great drink specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was awful ... we had to keep asking for our waitress . she was in the back stuffing her face the whole time . the food on the other hand was great . fried pickles were delicious ! love the atmosphere !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great drinks ! good bar food , too , if you are fan of all things fried ! definitely go and check out their deck . good for big groups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good place for a burger , but not high on service . ordered teriyaki chicken wrap - doused in sauce ... not marinated . thanks for the liquid wrap . sub-par for food , but cold beer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a solid little bar in montford . it reminds me of a college bar that you 'd find in athens or chapel hill . a little divey , a little loud , but mostly a-ok . the night we went , they had two alcohol promoters giving our free alcohol , so our tab was nice and cheap even with everyone enjoying their fair share of booze . they have local beer and lots of drink specials , even on weekends , which is a plus . they had tvs showing march madness , a nice outdoor area for warm nights , and servers that came to your table so you do n't have to fight for a spot at the bar . not the kind of place that would become my favorite bar , but just fine for a few drinks with some friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friends and i come here pretty often , and we really like it . the atmosphere is awesome and the patrons are always friendly ... it 's a `` happy drunk '' sort of bar ! the food is good- no complaints . we 've gotten the nachos , pretzel bites , burgers , ect . the only reason i did n't give 5 stars is because sometimes the drinks do n't taste as alcoholic as they should be lol ! ! i asked for a double rum and coke , but it tasted like a single . but no big deal ... it was on special .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food and patio but really bad service . i still come here every few months because i live a few blocks away but the service is consistently poor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "location - average , nothing spectacular , enough to feel comfortable at . prices - cheap , food is under ten dollars food - you get what you pay , but for 7 or 8 dollar sandwiches and burgers , it 's fine . the menu has a few interesting ideas . overall - ca n't find anything terribly wrong with this place , nor anything that wows . if you 're in fun company , this place should be fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan . after a long day at the office , it 's nice to belly up to the bar for a man can and a bacon cheddar fatty melt followed by another man can . if you 're looking to hang out with some down to earth locals in charlotte , look no further . if you have stuffy fine dining on the brain , you 're in the wrong place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "angry ale 's reminds me of bars i used to frequent when i was in college . when we did n't have any other choices . the restaurant bar is a series of interlocking rooms . some with tables , some with bars , some with pool tables . great for mingling in crowds . in college . we had a coupon for angry ale 's so decided to give it a try , hoping to find a new local favorite bar at which to hang out . it was a nice evening , so we sat outside . they have a big outdoor seating area , but aa was seriously lacking any atmosphere . no color , no theme , no spark . the service was a-ok , as was the food . nothing stood out . it 's your basic bar food -- apps , salads , burgers , wings , sandwiches -- but they had a pretty good variety of each item . maybe if they did something with the look and feel of the place , ale would n't be so angry ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fun outdoors atmosphere . decent staff though nobody will approach you unless you seek them nor greet you when you walk in or wait . food mediocre , & do n't try to eat while seated outside as your food might taste like ashes considering the number of smokers who i 'm assuming come to the establishment for that sole purpose .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went for a quick drink before going out to dinner to meet some friends ! it was busy , but it was so fun to see all the app fans there to cheer on asu . even at random tables ! 4 stars because at one point , all the tv 's in the bar glitched , so we had to watch on someone 's phone . ( i was with some hardcore app fans )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always great , always fun . if getting chicken , opt for the fried over the grilled . the mac and cheese is killer too . also a good place for app state games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service needs some serious improvements ! they have a dive bar vibe going on but that does n't mean you should be ignored by the servers . i have had to chase them down to get another round or a check . its definitely a place for college kids to hang out at .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sat outside on the patio and had a great lunch . our waitress was excellent . pimento cheese dip , tater tots and salads were excellent . large menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consummate professionals . they were communicative , prompt , on time , and the job was done right in a minimum amount of time . that 's all you need from a plumber .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! ! had an issue with our kitchen sink and gave them a call . their first step was to try to walk us through some simple self-fixes before determining if they needed to come out or now . pretty surprising as other companies want to immediately book a service call . when we determined we could n't fix it quickly on our own , they came out and took care of the issue in short order . my wife was thrilled to have the sink usable again and we 'll definitely use them next time we have any issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mountain park plumbing is awesome . richard helped me when i was getting ready to purchase a property . there were some plumbing concerns noted by the property inspector . richard looked at the pictures from the inspection and told us what needed to be done , what was cosmetic and optional and gave us a price . his guys were on time , which is great when you are trying to co-ordinate different people coming to a new house . they replaced valves and piping , cleaned up the area under the kitchen sink and made it look better than we found it . they even disposed of the old water softener that was left in the garage that had been previously disconnected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend this company ! they return phone calls promptly or even better yet , they usually answer the phone right away , they arrived on time as scheduled ( as reviewer below noted not a 3 hour window ! ) and are very professional . we called them for a suspected plumbing issue ( they had to cut into our drywall thinking we had a leak ) but turns out issue was coming from unit upstairs . when i called in to give a credit card to pay for the service call , matt waived our fee as he said `` we really did n't do any work '' ! how unusual is that today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no-nonsense is most accurate description of these plumbers . i'ved used them twice already , and each time they come out promptly and on time , tell me exactly what they are going to do and they get it done quickly and efficiently , even if they have to contract some of the work out with another contractor ( needed to saw into slab to fix a leak ) . pleasure dealing with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called mountain park plumbing and they were at my house immediately . professional , courteous , affordable ... and above all honest ( i ca n't stress this enough ) . the owner ( matt ) and his family wo n't ever sell you services you do n't need . they are ( without a doubt ) the only plumbers i will use .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! i highly recommend them . they are honest , professional and genuinely good people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended and very professional . they handled our issue promptly without complications . if you have a plumbing need , you wo n't be sorry for calling mountain park plumbing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used mpp on two occasions and very pleased with their work . i have also called to get advice consultation and they ( matt ) provided me with best options . first time they installed a new kitchen sink , faucet and disposal . excellent attention to details and knowledgeable of code requirements . second call was to fix issues upon moving into new house . again arrived in time , fixed issues quickly and pointed out other areas of concern . he has the home owner in mind and knows that is how to build a relational business . thanks matt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i messaged yesterday through the yelp app to get a price estimate . i was pleasantly surprised when they called me ( within a few hours ) , and walked me through the problem . after having a clear and simple explanation my partner and i were able to fix the kitchen sink issue ourselves . to me this was above and beyond , we saved our landlord money , and got back to normal life faster than expected . thanks for your help ! when we do need to hire , i know who i can trust .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job . showed up at the exact time they said he would and did a great job at the quoted price . will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had what ( thankfully ) turned out to be a small plumbing job , but i did n't know that at the time . i was anticipating at least hundreds of dollars . matt from mountain park was prompt ( early ! ) , courteous , efficient , professional . i hope i never need to call them again , but if i do , i am happy to know that i now know of an excellent plumbing company that i can feel confident about hiring in any situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mountain park plumbing has done great work with my remodel . they are extremely knowledgeable , reasonable , and skilled . i would absolutely recommend matt and his team to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , efficient , honest , and the best of all , you get an actual appointment time , instead of a 3 hour window ! ! i called for repair on a clogged kitchen sink , and they first explained how i could fix it myself . ( can you say honest ? ) because i am mechanically challenged and tool deficient , i scheduled them to come do the repair . they gave me an appointment within 24 hours , and the next day called twice to offer earlier appointments . super nice . i will only call them in the future for my plumbing needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt was great to work with . he responded quickly to my request for an appointment in ahwatukee , and got out quickly since my main water line was broken and leaking badly . he could n't do the major repair the day he visited , but he immediately got water to the house working temporarily until he could return to do the whole job a few days later . including having to cut the driveway to get a line from the street to the house , there was also a fair amount of landscape `` tear up '' . matt and his crew got everything looking great again before they left , and it felt really good working with someone so professional and trustworthy . i definitely recommend mountain park plumbing and will use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had mountain park plumbing out today to fix a broken valve under the kitchen sink and the main valve that supplies the house . both valves were broken and not working . they showed up on time , were courteous , finished quickly , and charged a fair amount . i would certainly use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a repeat customer of mountain park plumbing . they have replaced a water heater and also the pressure valve in the front of my house to regulate the water main in from the city . i recently had them out to replace a tub spigot i could not get off . as usual , matt showed up on time and he was friendly and courteous as always . matt got the spigot off , explained issues and cleaned up work area . final bill was what was quoted . a bonus was the fixture matt used was really nice . i will use them again and refer them to others in the ahwatukee area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "richard and matt are simply the best . i have lived in ahwatukee for nearly 20 years , first using richard and more recently , using matt 's services . i refer their company any chance i get . their punctuality , passion and friendly nature make it an easy choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called to get an idea on fixing a plumbing issue . the person on the phone was very rude and short . needless to say i 'll take my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 'll never use anyone else . polite , on time , no nonsense and reasonable on price . what else is there ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful customer service . on time and did an excellent job with repair and installation . definitely will use when we do our bathroom remodel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called late on a tuesday evening with a plumbing emergency . he picked up the phone and promised to be at my home in an hour , but he did better and showed up sooner . he 's professional and offered a referral to get our leak dried up before it cause more damage . thank you matt ! ! you saved the day today ! i would recommend his business to anybody .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a realtor i have worked with matt at mountain park plumbing on multiple job . i have used him on my own residence as well . matt has always been on time , honest , and fairly priced - which is why i continue to use him and feel comfortable recommending him to my clients", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sammy 's is usually a reliable standby , but avoid this location ! the service started out fine , but then fell off a steep cliff . the food orders were wrong for our entire table , so there was big disconnect with the kitchen . they were terribly under-staffed which contributed to the chaos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out of all the places i used to work , sammy 's is probably the one i come back to the most . i ca n't get enough of their amazing duck tacos and the ingredients in the good are always fresh ! they sure know how to pack flavor in the salads . for pizza i would have to go the artisan route though , i like i pie thin and crispy ! definitely worth visiting on your lunch hour or after the gym .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a tim hortons and wendy 's combo location with a drive through . nothing much to add since it 's a chain and the service and type quality of food and drinks are predictable ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dreadful tim horton 's , i asked for a toasted bagel with cream cheese and received one that was black , drenched in butter . disgusting ! my advice : go to the wendy 's and order yourself a sour cream and chives baked potato , $ 2 and they 're amazing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go out of my way to visit other tim locations ... .i dreadfully pass by this one on my way to the doctors so i usually end up ordering . this location always messes up my drink orders . my iced cap had no ice at all . it was just cool liquid . i was in a rush to the doctors so i did n't have time to go back . and then when my mom ordered last time , they used the table cloth to wipe the the edge of the rim when they overfilled it ... the edge of the rim ... where she was going to drink from ... looks unsanitary . i would not have taken that drink had it been me . the only redemption is that they make a mean grilled cheese panini . if i know i have to pass by this location , i always bring my water bottle with me for my thirst needs now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is really cute , but the fact that they start prepping ingredients after they 've opened is super inconvenient ( especially if you do n't have the time to wait 20 minutes for a drink ) . i 've only been here a couple of times , but the workers have been pleasant and the location is clean . i 've had the yogoberry ( which was a strawberry yogurt drink with fresh strawberries at the bottom ) , and it was delicious ! it was sweet and tasted a lot like a strawberry milkshake . the strawberry mojito ( strawberry green tea , mint leaves , coconut jelly , and rainbow jelly ) is also tasty and is a great choice if you 're wanting something a bit more refreshing . their large drinks are in the $ 4-5 range . they also have a perks program where you can get a free drink after ten drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "with the heat wave this weekend we needed a good boba break . we decided to give teastreet another try . in stead of milktea we tried the top 10 menu selction yogiberry . the cashier was helpful in helping us . we subbed strawberries for lychee popping boba . she was very quick and efficient with our ice blended surprise . within 2 minutes before i had time to even scan my perka app our drink had arrived ! we went back in line and ordered a lychee milk tea . so far oolong milk tea , red bean milk tea and yogiberry are my faves !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not as good as i thought it would be . my friends and i came here at 7pm on a saturday night and it was totally empty except for a one family . i ordered the red bean milk tea without boba [ ~ $ 4 with tax ] , and it was basically milk tea with red bean floating around at the bottom . my friend ordered strawberry milk tea with red bean topping , and her tea tasted the same as mine except for a hint of something sweet . it did n't exactly taste like strawberry . i tried the strawberry slush as well and it just tasted like something sweet tart , but not very good . everything else was fine ; the decor and service , etc . but the drinks did n't taste like other boba teas that i 've had and like to drink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place is pretty new but they usually have just one person working . i 've seen two when they are training . it 's ok . i did n't think it 's obvious but if you do n't pick a sweetness , it 's just going be unsweetened . the first time , we did n't know and the girl did n't say anything about it . it resulted in gross bland tea . i usually go to with the smoothies and it 's pretty less than standard . it 's extremely watery . i have n't had fresh boba here yet ( 3-4x ) . i definitely do n't recommend the `` like ! green '' tea . it leaves an unpleasant aftertaste but that just might be me since it is a top 10 . oh and they run out of toppings often . i have never ever seen grass jelly available , one of my favorites . this place is quaint and does n't have that busy , grand opening feel . it might come to that eventually .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cool selection of teas , slushes , and smoothies . in addition to the make your own drink , they have a few signature drinks with ingredients listed below the name . i decided on the passion green tea drink , which came with passion fruit green tea , coconut jelly , boba , and basil seed . it was light , sweet , and refreshing . it did initially did not come with the basil seed and i had to go back to the counter to get it put in my drink though . the atmosphere is contemporary , warm , and inviting . whether you feel more like a lighter refreshing drink or a dessert-like shake-like drink , there are plenty of options to keep anyone satisfied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite boba joint in chandler . the tea is always made fresh and the boba is always perfectly made ( awesome chewiness ) . my usual order is honey milk tea boba with 1 2 sweetness ( full is too sweet for me ) . if you 're looking for great boba milk tea , tea street is the place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the drinks were good , but the service and timing of getting our drinks were terrible . we were not greeted right away when we came in . after a few minutes of waiting to get our order in , it took 20 minutes to get our drinks ! my suggestion is to have more than one staff on hand unless the goal is to have customers wait 20-30 minutes for drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular and i 'm sure the young ladies that work there know my face by now . everything they serve is higher quality and consistent just like the boba in california . boba teahouse and yes cafe are ok but they just ca n't compare . ( i wo n't even consider glacier snow - i 'm filipino too but sorry , your stuff just is n't that great . i 'll never forget the halo-halo without ube ice cream . that 's a sin ) . i recommend the fusion teas : passion burst , grapefruit or red guava . if you want something milky , go for the carmel milk tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have 4 words to complete this review : they do n't use powder . that 's basically it , the regular boba is plump and squishy and sweet , and for the love of all that is good in the world they do not use powder for their tea . it is excellent , amazing , i would go so far as to say it 's perfect . the prices are pretty reasonable $ 3-4 bucks for small large and depending on if you add boba and such . i remember the only place i ever found with good boba milk tea previously was at tea station and even though they are very very good ... they charge up to $ 7 dollars for a drink . teastreet is the cheaper version of tea station , but without sacrificing quality ( it 's as good or better than tea station ) . coming from southern california ... this place is very very very legitimate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a lot of options including teas , smoothies , boba , etc..a lot of what you would expect in a place like this . i particularly appreciate that they allow you to control the level of sweetness . i got the coconut milk tea , regular sweet level , with boba . it was a little too sweet for me so next time , i would lower the level of sweetness . the boba itself was sweet as well but the consistency was mediocre . some of them were soft throughout but others were not . the inside of this place is awkward . i came here at night . it was very dimly lit , and the space seemed very narrow . maybe if i came here during the daytime , it would have been less weird . the young lady working there was helpful and quick with making my drink . overall , this place is average . i did n't notice anything distinct , but i would consider coming back or stopping by if it was convenient to test additional options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure if all the hype is justified or maybe i did n't get the right drink . i got a blended matcha smoothie and added boba , and the boba itself is very good but the matcha tea was flavored with some sort of almond sweetener which i did n't appreciate that much . my friend got a grand canyon and i 'm not sure if it 's just a very light drink but there was n't much flavor to it , and some of the ingredients listed were not found in the drink ... i would probably come back to try the regular milk tea or a taro smoothie which are usually my go to drinks at boba places !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good tea , but terrible service and management . if you want boba , be sure to come in after 11:30am because they can not grasp the concept of planning ahead . i really want to continue going here due to convenience , but i can not because of their lackluster customer service . sorry , tea street , but you did this to yourselves .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tea street just opened up about one month ago , this was my first visit and i will definitely come back whenever the mood strikes for milk tea or boba ! the cashier barista was very nice and answered all of our questions about the business and the drinks . they have both boba , slushes , and milk tea as should be expected for any boba style tea house . they have many options and also a cute top ten menu with their house creations . all sounded very delicious . i decided to try the matcha style boba tea which was pretty good . next time i will try a hot milk tea or their house rose boba tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "price is higher than i like to pay , especially after you add in toppings ( ie . boba , jellys ) and upgrade to large . regular size teastreet milk tea without any topping is $ 3.49 . tea flavor is too mild for both matcha and regular teastreet milk tea . hardly any matcha flavor and the intense matcha green color is missing . do n't see or taste any matcha powder either . for the price you pay for the toppings -- 50 cents for boba & 65 cents for jellys -- they sure do n't give enough . that was a disappointment as well . another disappointment , they do n't have the option of grass jelly topping . this is the 1st boba tea place i 've been to that does n't have it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to grab a drink and hang out . plenty to choose from . definitely try the top 10 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their yogoberry here . so good . not too sweet or sour . its a mango strawberry smoothie with real strawberries added to the drink . try this place if you like smooties , teas , boba , etc . its great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit : they neglected to add boba to my drink however , i was already half way back to work when i realized so i did not return to get it corrected second visit : the store was closed doors locked in the middle of the day . clearly within the posted operating hours third visit : inside the store smelled horrible ... like rotting ... something ? anyway i really wanted a drink so i ordered . once again they forgot the boba ( see a trend ? ) but i caught the mistake before i left and the girl added it without issue . so all in all , i think i will pass on another visit . the drinks are good but not so great that i ca n't get the same thing somewhere else . sorry teastreet . i tried ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place for boba . i had the sunrise something and it was decent , but the strawberry mojito is where it 's at . seriously coming back this weekend and grabbing some vodka and i 'll be set ! delish ! my friend did n't like her original drink so the batista made it again somethkng different free of charge . highly recommended ! i just think the prices are really high for boba .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter and i have become regulars here . i love the pink rose signature drink . lite and refreshing with lots of tasty toppings . it 's like a drink and a desert in one ! my daughter loves the mocha smoothie and asks them to add caramel . the staff is always friendly and helpful , and are happy to answer any questions you may have . it 's great to have a boba tea place in this area . definitely worth trying !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tea is really good and the employees are friendly , however the store is way too hot ! please turn on the air conditioning ... i was in there the other day and it gets really warm while waiting for them to make your drinks , especially in the summer time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend and i came here on new year 's eve and it was the only place open that late . i decided to order the earl grey milk tea which cost about $ 3 . the service was average and the drink was average as well . i would come here for a quick fix but i would n't come back if there 's more options around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had numerous milk teas but my all time favorite has to be the earl grey . the bay area has the best and freshest milk teas that i know and they have the earl grey . so in arizona , never found one that makes it until now . i have to say that the taste is fresh and you could have the sweetness adjusted to your preference . give this place a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks at decent prices ! i typically order simple milk teas , iced no boba . but here , we tried their strawberry yogurt house mix and strawberry colada house mix . i would 100\u2105 recommend them to friends ! if you like yakult yogurt drinks , order the strawberry yogurt . i only wish that this place has egg pudding as an add-on , and for their red bean toppings to taste not as bright ( as opposed to sweet and beany ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the tea is good but they are so disorganized . i went in one morning and they told me the boba would n't be ready for 30 minutes so i left . the next day i tried to go 25 minutes after they are scheduled to open , but the door was locked with no explanation . too inconsistent of an experience for me to rely on this place when there 's a starbucks in the next shopping center that is way more reliable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried for the first time today and loved it ! ! got the magic fruit iced tea with half shot and it was delish ! light and refreshing ! unique menu . i ca n't wait to go back and try more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the almond milk a boba tea which was amazing i would go back there again to try the other teas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited again today , ordered matcha milk tea and earl grey milk tea . the barista made sure the drink was n't too sweet , but both milk teas did not have the flavor of tea i was looking for in the last three milk teas i 've tried ( teastreet , strawberry , osmanthus ) . i wo n't hold that against them and hope to try more milk teas and top ten drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their tea tastes amazing and the quality is always consistent . definitely one of the best in az . flavorful and resfreshing . their staff is always friendly . it 's a great place to sit down and hang out with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lady was so helpful . my first time having boba tea . she gave me samples of all the types before having me order so she knew exactly what i would like . i settled with peach black tea with pineapple coconut jelly . it was very yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drinks here are n't so great , and that would normally make me give fewer stars , but their `` grand canyon '' on their top 10 list is tha absolute bomb ! ! it 's that great it makes up for anything and everything else . do n't bother coming here to drink anything else . the place could be dirty for all i care ( it is n't ) , as long as you have a grand canyon you 're having 5 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum yum yum yum ... did i say yum ? great service and delicious drinks ! try the pink rose or the honey milk tea . this place is ridiculously good . go there now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so excited this place just opened ! amazing staff and great tasting tea and smoothie ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of fruity drinks , coffee variations , and long list of tea 's . nothing to daring . no ridiculous combinations that make no sense at all , although you can mix anything you want . coffee drinks are fresh brewed on the spot . tea is brewed and not a fake powdery mix . lovely barista in a polka dot apron was delightful . she was super friendly and had some spot on recommendations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! the pink rose tea was so good and its so different from anything else around here ! ca n't wait to try more ! ! love that they use real brewed green tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times now and have tried a decent number of toppings but only two drinks . this place by far has the best straight or fruit teas of any boba place i 've been to around the area . the jellies are delicious and slightly firm , not unlike pineapple in texture and not too sweet . the popping boba is small and the casing is thin enough . however the boba itself has been hit or miss , at times it 's amazing others it 's too soft and lacking flavor . i personally recommend the kumquat black tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the drinks here are great since they 're freshly brewed and you can taste the tea , but the girl working had to hustle to get all drinks made and take the orders at the same time . it just takes so long since there are a lot of people waiting . i felt bad ordering six drinks while she already had other drinks ordered that she did n't make yet with a group of people in line behind me . it took a while for her to take my order since she 's working alone and busy making previous orders . they should hire at least two people at any given time . one to take orders and another to make drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best strawberry colada drink ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i highly recommend . price is super inexpensive for what you get ! awesome ! new favorite drink !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sadly , this place was empty and there just seems no good reason for that to be so . maybe i just happened to stop by at an odd slow hour . i do n't know . but the bubble tea is fantastic ! and the pearls were a perfect consistency ( you can actually tell the difference between the texture of different pearls if you drink enough of this stuff ... .i do n't know how good , bad or ugly that is ... but i digress ... ) . this place needs to get shakin ' . the bubble tea is great ! get out there and start drinking this stuff folks ! you do n't want to lose a marvelous drink option like this in our valley ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a good place to have a nice time with families and friends on the afternoon . i always love coffee here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . be sure to download the perka app to get a free drink every ten ! thai tea boba is legit , and only $ 3.49 on tuesday 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , the best boba place in az . we 're originally from the bay area in cali so we know what 's good boba and bad boba and their drinks are pretty spot on . my new favorite spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiet place with a parking lot street view . great place to go for a quick pick me up boba tea . they have popping bobas which is really great if you like having an extra kick of flavor . other than that the tea is average , but they do have a large selection of different types of toppings to choose from .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the boba joint that i discovered earl grey milk tea and fell in love with the flavor . it 's my new go to flavor whenever i go to a new boba place but sadly not many places offer this flavor . there boba is not the best and i would stay away from the pudding , but seriously there earl grey is the best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am happy i came here , i ordered a guava mixed with passion fruit tea and it was amazing . it was so sweet , its the best alternative to soda ! i like the option to come here instead of a coffee shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome brand new spot with so many delicious options for drinks , smoothies and boba . i highly recommend this place ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great boba and amazing staff ! callie always has great recommendations for what i should try ! love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back in for a second time it 's really hard to choose and that 's a good thing . smoothies , teas , milk teas , green and black tea are staples for a boba shop but what changes the game here is the top 10 list and tge drinks by zodiac sign ! both lists are really fun ways to try new things . to top all that off they have a list of toppings beyond boba that include rainbow jelly and basil seeds . make sure to download the perka app to earn a free drink after buying 9 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered 4 drinks to go , and the cashier knew i was by myself . after making all the drinks , the cashier told me that they ran out of cup carrier the day before ! she suggested that i make a couple of trips to bring all my drinks home . seriously !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love their selection . always good service . their teas i have tried have all been good so far . ca n't recall the names but i look forward to trying more . always quick , in out and perfect each time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had this terrific drink and we had a strawberry smoothie . we tried this new place and were n't sure about someplace new . everything was really tasty here . we still like our regular place better but it was good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "boba selection is good and it 's near our place.. came today on a sunday and looked like it was not that busy.. wrong ! ! it took about 15 minutes just to get my thai tea drink ? ? ugh , like really ? i do n't understand why only have only 1 worker at the store when you know damn well weekends are busy ? plz add at least 1 or 2 more people to work on the weekends ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite boba place in az . great tasting boba and you can definitely taste the tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here because i saw a friend post a picture on fb ... wanted to try something new ... the place was pretty empty ... but ordered anyways ... i do n't know why i ordered a new drink but i was being adventurous i guess ... did n't like it ... it was strawberry yogurt or something like that : i had a few sips but it 's just not for me ... so disappointing.. i may come back someday ... and try a regular drink ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far some of the best boba pearl tea i 've ever had . i 've had boba from so cal to nor cal and now arizona . i love their strawberry mojito . i get it half sweet and change out one of the jellys for pearls . the only problem is their location ! i live in scottsdale so this ends up being a 30 minute drive for me . i think they 'd be a lot busier if they were in a more northern location . please open up shop in scottsdale ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a new resident of az , i find myself seeking out boba tea a lot more often . i 'm happy to try all boba shops who make this delicious drink or any cold beverage . the good 1 . friendly service 2 . wonderful variety of drinks 3 . easy to find location 4 . many of the drinks contain yummy chunks of fruit in them . the not so good 1 . drinks are a little more expensive than others i have tried in town . 2 . the sugar content was alarming . i only took a few sips before disposing of it . it was like drinking the concentrated sugary syrup from canned fruit . i am willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and just not get that drink again ( desert oasis ) . i would like to try something else . i will be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice already , and will definitely be back . i ordered my standard drink ( honey milk green tea ) , and it was amazing ( see below for my caveat . ) my gold standard for boba is the bay area , and the tea at tea street met that standard . by far the best honey milk tea i 've had in az . my caveat : the boba are n't the best in az . they 're not bad , they are just a little firmer than i personally like . the consistency is correct - they 're not mushy or hard or anything , just firmer than i personally prefer . honestly , the tea is so good that i have just forgone getting boba . that is something i would never do at another boba shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very excited to try this but sadly kind of disappointed after . i got the like ! green tea and a passionfruit green tea . i love that they seal them , it did make it easier to save the passionfruit tea for later ! there was only one person working however , and i felt rushed when i had just started looking at the menu . the like ! green tea was not as good as i was hoping . the flavors of the additions kind of go well with the matcha , but the beans leave a residue in your mouth . also , the boba was n't very fresh . the passionfruit tea was extremely sweet ! when she said they sweeten it , she was n't kidding . for someone who enjoys a sweeter tea , i would probably order 1 2 sweet next time . other than the excessive sugar , it was a great flavor and very refreshing . i plan to try this store again , as the smoothies seem interesting . it has a lot of potential and i am dying to find a good place close to home !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "`` like ! green '' , that 's the drink i got ... you know how scotch whiskey and sushi can be an acquired taste ? this drink is like that . initially , this drink gives a overwhelmingly almond fragrance . i hated it , it was gross . however i spent 5 bucks on this damn drink , so i continued and begrudgingly sucked it up . weirdly , as i was halfway done , i stopped noticing the weird almond flavor and started tasting the green tea matcha . i 'm confused , and probably will have something traditional at this place next time , if i have to come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this place once and had some sort of rose tea . that may be the best drink that has ever been introduced to my mouth . it was n't cheap but it was worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent beverages unique flavor varieties of all kinds of teas . stuff i never knew about my 22 year old daughter loved it too . i will be back . smoothies also great glad i found it and friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here 2 days ago and it was my first visit . i live around the corner and had been skeptic to try a new boba place since i already had my favorite on dobson . i can say for a first visit this place is amazing . great service , my cousin loved it , they had so many drinks . i had gotten the green tea milk tea and was worried about the dairy bc i 'm lactose intolerant but the cashier tea barista assured me that all of the milk teas are dairy free , fantastic . it was really good , great drinks and not to mention the cashier lady was super cute plus plus . i will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sitting here , as we speak , digesting my large peach milk tea that had the popping lychee boba in it . typically i 'm waiting for that `` ugh i ate too much '' feeling that i get after boba or real sweet teas ... does n't seem to be coming . the milk tea was super light and the peach tasted really good . lychee added a bit of tartness which is fantastic . huge menu ! ca n't wait to come back and try more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "price is not right . the tea taste very powdery . the boba taste worst than the ones you can buy from 99 ranch market", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i drive 30 minutes each time to come here for a cup of iced tea because their earl grey milk tea with boba is that good . the service is indeed quite slow but always friendly and courteous . i certainly do not mind since this is a small business and each and every cup of earl grey tea is brewed fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice clean place . great selection . so far i 've had the red velvet smoothie and loved it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the drinks are so good . they always want to make me go back . but ... .. they take forever ! ! i waited 22 minutes for one drink . it 's ridiculous ! they only have one person working and the store was pretty busy today ! they need to fix this up or i will not be getting anything from here anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "busser was caught taking a customers wallet and stealing all her cash . keep an eye on your belongings ! ! especially from the employees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "swing and a miss . what a letdown . i feel super gangster though after listening to gangster rap for an hour . ( bartender 's choice ) atmosphere is terrible . bar building design is terrible . game section is tiny and more of a skate park without the ramps . service is terrible . food was ok. ( you get a single star for that ) machines are tight . ( have to make up for having an empty bar somehow ) we wo n't be back , what a shame . we 'll drive to get to the new home plate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . surprised it is n't ever busy when i come here . amazing selection of draft beers . lots of nostalgic video games for free and the food is n't bad either . totally a 5 star joint.. why i keep coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to the one in green valley and expected the same kind of service . oops , my bad . walking in the waitress was taking shots with customers at the bar . she seemed pre occupied on her cell phone or disappearing into the cooler . when we ordered food , the runner brought out our food without silverware . it was a solid 5 minutes before we were given anything to eat our food with . we tried to order another drink , she acknowledged us and then walked away for 10 minutes , only to return texting on her cell phone at the cashier terminal . if i were management i 'd view video . this bar wo n't be open long . god forbid we ever get to pay for our bill ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came for my coworkers going away party .. chill vibe ! the food was so good ! i got the chicken nachos apparently they make their own chips . also got the bubble pop cocktail ( champagne & blood orange ) which was on point our server was very tentative & nice . i would come back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have visited twice . the first visit for lunch and the second for happy hour . service and food were great . better was having somewhere to have a craft beer at a bar with no smoking , without driving across town . my only suggestion would be to have more choices at $ 4 happy hour price for the craft beers : ) friendly staff ! we have n't been for about a month . we visited again and the beer and food are awesome , but what sets this place apart is the service , by far the best ! ! ! mandy was awesome : ) management and kitchen staff always stop by our table also to make sure everything is perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for lunch to see what all the hype is about . some friends had highly recommended the bacon wrapped corn dog , i do n't know if they were serious or playing a joke , it was one of the most disgusting things i have had , greasy and overload on the corn batter . the room with arcades is awesome , especially that they are free to play . the craft beers are cold on tap , parking is packed tight .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just left this place not even 5 minutes ago overcharged and was told that 's what we ordered sorry , would 2 people order 4 servings of fries ? was charged $ 5 for fries that came with a meal because we were offered parmesan garlic fries if you offer them , please inform customers that there is an additional cost . if there is an upstairs restaurant , maybe have a sign ? two tables downstairs with a bar area . seems like they need more seating but there is a big table downstairs with no chairs near it . would have only given one star , but they do have a great beer selection . if it was n't for the beer , i 'd never go back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place is kinda cool . video games are free , except for the golden tee . smoking and nonsmoking sides . gave it three stars because the bartenders on the smoking side take forever to get you a cocktail . too busy yapping with patrons . had to walk over to the nonsmoking side where i was quickly served even though it was busy . tried the bbq pork fries . thick cut fries with skin on , great portion of pork on the fries . tasty . recommend no cheese , much better . also tried the fig bison burger . asked for rare , got it well done . blah burger .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible service draft beer was not cold at all server took our menus with out even asking if we wanted to order food . he had no personality at all radman , craft beer is supposed to be a slight bit warmer correct , i am a bartender myself and lagers should n't be any higher than 60 degrees in temp . what i was served was piss warm might not be from your tap might be from slow server not caring about his guest taking his sweet time bringing it to the table .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gamer heaven . first time visiting this place and it was kind of off the map to find but definitely worth the trip if you love old school games . there is a great variety of games here and it 's definitely great for groups . definite macaroni fanatic and the bacon macaroni and cheese is to die for ! was n't too sure what to get as for drinks but i have a bit of a sweet tooth and the bartender suggested a bubble pop . `` it 's kind of like a mimosa '' but definitely a different twist . every next time i visit vegas this is definitely on the list to of need to go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a party there recently and the staff was great . the food and beverages were very good too . definitely will be back . thank you hi scores .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excited to have this place so close to home . great beer selection and atmosphere . my husband said the food was okay . giving four stars because of the beer selection and staff . we will definitely be back though ! update- 9 months later and i finally tried the food.8 had the bison burger without blue cheese and it is delicious ! i love the fresh cut fries too . my husband also said the burger is better this time around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love it here . craft beers , free arcade games , bar snacks , happy hour , decent food and an excellent chill spot . i seriously came here to play a few old school arcade games and found out they were free . instead , i spent more time here than excepted and stayed long enough to have way more fun at than the tourist traps would have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love down the street and i enjoy craft beer and video games so i had high expectations of this place . my first visit was around midnight and i was greeted by the grave bartender arman . he was very knowledgable and his service was above average . i 've now been back 10+ times and i have had a great experience every time . good beer , good games , lots of tv 's in the game room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love ! love ! love this bar ! not only is it a cool venue with having two sides arcade & gaming . but the staff is so awesome , d'angelo is my favorite bartender ! always keeping the drinks , the jokes & good bar conversation coming . i always get food when i go because the cooks never disappoint ! they also cater to vegetarians . plus a pretty good happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after my uneventful visit to a casino i stopped at my local 24 hour pub . first time here , did my normal scoping out of yelp before walking in . as the reviews were amazing , i had no choice but to walk in . i sat at the bar , was served by the bartender , allison , who treated me like i was a regular . i ordered steak and eggs , and it came out better than expected for a pub . listening to staff talk , they all love working for this eatery , which shows good management . this will be my next weekend place to come with my friends and coworkers . picture to follow in next visit so back in 21 days later and again fabulous service from brian .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited when i walked in such a cool place ... . it did not take long to notice management here needs to train their employees . the service sucked both in the front of the house and in the back . the food was not at all good when they finally got our order right ! i will not be coming back its sad since this place is so close to our home ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is cool . i 've been to the one of stephanie and 215 . giving it 3-stars because the selection of games were n't that appealing . btw , the arcade games are free plays ! yes i know i 'm being stingy , but the one on stephanie had a lot more modernized games with good graphics . there is a beer pong table to play with your bros and good wall angles to do trick shots . beer selection is pretty good with a lot of domestics and imports . i had two of the victory golden monkeys , which is an ipa . i 'd still recommend people to come here to hang out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in in a whim ! ! ! and had the pleasure of meeting a fantastic artist and bartender todd ! i sat at the bar and tasted several beers as he constructed the wonderful chalk art hung above the taps ! he 's funny and knows his beers ! glad i came in for the beers , food and video games ! a great addition to the southwest side of the valley for daytime entertainment ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is surprisingly good and service is excellent . i ordered a pac a burger ( classic american burger with cheese , lettie 's and tomato ) , pork sliders , buffalo wings , and garlic parmesan fries . place was pretty busy , but at least 3 different servers asked if we needed help or a place to sit . more help than i would get at a high end restaurant ! bella was a server and she was very fast and attentive . there 's a community table inside so if there 's a chair just grab one and sit down . some one will come to take your order or if there 's an seating on the long couches you can help yourself too . there 's even a bison burger with fig jam and bacon , but i will have to try that next time . fancy item for an arcade bar but i do n't mind ! lots of free arcade games to play and craft beers . i did n't get to play cause i had a movie to catch , but definitely will do so when i come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yass cat was the best bartender we 've had at any bar in a long time ! super professional and very energetic with all of our group . we had a great time and we will be coming back ! love the free games and the food was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! good beer selection , all the games are free , great atmosphere ! i was a little disappointed that there is no pinball , other than that it 's a great place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and drinks is ok nothing special . just regular bar food the good thing about this place is the free video game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so glad this place is here . the old home plate was a total hole with terrible food and lazy staff , with a bad attitude . look forward to checking out all the different brews .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited about 15 minutes ( standing at the bar ) before i finally waved down the bar tender and ordered a drink and food . 45 minutes later ( still sitting at the bar ) i had an empty glass and still did n't have food . this was not a busy night . there were 7 other people at the bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our new favorite hang out.. this experience was unbelievable , great job to you guys..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , another update . i received a quick reply to my last review and after a email conversation i believe they are working towards fixing the kinks of opening a new bar , and hiring a new employees . they offered and meal for my trouble and i have a great feeling about future service standards of hi scores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here at hi scores i can say that it was really nice . they have 2 bars and 2 different areas you can hang out in . the one area had the cool arcade games and a bar which was nice `` no smoking `` . the other side had a huge bar and gambling . the staff were all nice and friendly . one of the girl bartender surprised me with a delicious drink since i had no idea what to order . lol ! ! ! i would love to go back for happy hour", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's alright , the beer selection is n't half bad and they have lots of free arcade games , it 's super noisy and a little crowded , but the waiter says that it 's not so busy during the week so i 'd probably want to come back then .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi scores is brilliant for free arcade games ! this place is nostalgic since it makes me feel like a little kid again . some of the games i played were mortal kombat , pac man ( the four player one is awesome ! ) , a racing game , tetris , cap com , etc . the bartenders were really knowledgeable on similarities to the beers they did n't have available . they even let us try a few samples before putting in an order ... which is something most places will not even put their time and effort into . there 's a bar in the back with foosball and gaming . i have yet to try their food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , staff jasmine is just great , bar management top notch awesomeness , luv it . great beer , great price . wish better wine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is starting to be our new go to place . great beer and food , and not smokey inside . the folks that work here are great . much better then the one on stephanie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "server was not friendly & seemed to approach us with an attitude , do n't even know her name because she did n't tell us . she did n't even tell us the games were free.. just greeted us with `` what do you want to drink ? `` ..no one checked on us outside to see if we wanted to have more drinks . the girl came out to close the tab because she was leaving but no one else came back out for over an hour until we left . the drinks are a bit pricey , $ 6.50- $ 8.50 a draft beer or mixed drink . they should get friendlier staff or train them better and lower the drinks by a dollar at least to get people to stay longer . oh and the arcade side closes at 2am..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first visit , just a quick lunch - not there for drinks or to gamble . we ordered wings ( 10 to an order ) , a side of fries , grilled chix salad . wings were average , fries were a 10 , salad was good but i prefer the cook cut it up prior to plating it . sidenote : probably just me , but i prefer 6-7 wings and a small side of fries v. ordering 2 items . server was sweet , clearly new but was attentive and did n't forget much - if they get busy , with a little practice she 'll have her timing down . the name of the bar implies arcade games but really it 's just foosball & six ( six - why ! ) golden tee games . decent menu but tables are lacking . 2 huge tables and a few bistro tables , so more than 4 parties and you have to sit at the bar ( i guess that 's the idea ) . atmosphere is sterile , may go back just bc of location to give it another shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has a cool concept . chill place with good music and a free arcade ! try the undercover shufdown beer and the bbq pork fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "destroyed my iphone while trying to replace the broken screen , then refused to take any responsibility . bent the side of the frame and damaged the proximity sensor . batteries plus should not be in the business of repairing iphones .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took me two years to find someone who could tell me who recycles all kinds of stuff , not just batteries . it 's amazing what these guys take off your hands . and it 's sad that not every store does what they do . you name it , they recycle it . i just dumped 5 years worth of batteries into their store , 2 laptops , cfls of all sizes and they also take ink cartridges and much more . get the earth911 app for free from the app store and use it to find out where you can get rid of all the used stuff in your life . 90 % of what people use is recyclable - be part of the world you want to see . inspire your communities and schools to take advantage of this service . btw , the store next door to them even refills all types of ink and laser cartridges , and their prices are unbeatable . for order over $ 100 they will even deliver . so come on small business and schools , save money and do the right thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are fast and easy ! this is the only place left it seems that still replaces batteries in watches . it 's only $ 8.99 for a one-time replacement or $ 15.99 for a lifetime warranty . that 's a great deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woot woot ! ! ! after going to the grocery store and buying what i thought was the correct battery only to find out that those small 3v batteries come in a multitude of sizes which the grocery store only carries the standard size i knew that batteries plus would help me out . i walk in and am greeted promptly by the store manager . i show him what i am looking for and he produces the battery in under a minute ! i will now be able to weigh myself again , wah wah . thank you battery plus ! you rule !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helped us with a hard to find back-up battery for our camera . in and out in less than five minutes with just what we needed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's really nice to be able to walk into this place and have almost any battery that you 'll need in stock . i came in this week needed new batteries for liftmaster garage door openers and they had them on the shelf and changed them both out in less than five minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this batteries plus bulbs location to get my iphone 6 battery replaced . i would 've gone with apple , but it was much cheaper getting it done here . of course , my worst fear was something going wrong with my phone . and , it did . after getting my battery replaced , my phone kept crashing . within a day , my phone was almost unusable . i contacted the store with the form on their website and they told me to bring it in again and they 'd take a look . they replaced the battery again , without hassle , and it worked ! my iphone 6 can now go a full day without being tethered to an outlet . the store not only replaces batteries inexpensively , but the employees care as well ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looked them up on line and scheduled an appointment . showed up on time , 2 hours after scheduling the appointment and was told the tech was out to lunch and there was 1 phone to be repaired before me . really , so why ask the customer to schedule an appointment . no customer service . called ubreakifix , and was greeted with professionalism from start to finish . comparable pricing and great service . batteries plus should stick to batteries and leave the screen repairs to the other folks . do n't waste your time with these guys , go to ubreakifix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service .. what else can you ask for here ? i had specs of what i needed and he helped me find the bulbs..i needed 3 there were only 2 on the floor but he got me 3rd from the back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great group of workers and volunteers helping folks make it through a difficult economic environment . please know that this is a drop-off location and not a store . well done goodwill and thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a fantastic donation center , and goodwill is a wonderful charity . i 've been cleaning out club scotchdale ( aka my house ) and getting rid of many old items ( books , clothes , shoes and a laptop ) . i loaded up my car , and made my trek up to this location . as soon as i pulled up , a very nice attendant came out and unloaded my car for me , and kindly gave me a receipt for my donations . this is a drop-off only location , so if you are looking to make a purchase , try the location on 32nd and thomas . keep goodwill in mind when you need to get some old stuff off your hands . they really help people get through tough times by putting people back to work , and helping those with little job skills to get the training that they need . p.s . if you are donating a computer , please make sure to format to backup then format your hard drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no need to keep your junk in your garage ... drop it off here to help people in your community ! goodwill\u00ae inspires hope and self-confidence , helping people from all backgrounds and walks of life to feel successful , valuable and dignified .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "need to get rid of a few old kick-knacks ? some old clothes or an eyesore of a machine ? no worry , drop it off to goodwill donation center . the location is extremely convenient , located in the southwest corner of the fry 's center ; it 's even open until 6 pm on sundays . all you need to do is pull up and wait for an attendant to come out to your car . no hassle . need a receipt ? then you re on your way ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a thrift store fan in general , but they have 50 % off saturdays every other saturday , i believe . i went to look for a second monitor for working from home occasionally and ended up paying $ 3.50 for a perfectly working small flat screen monitor and cables . can not beat that . i was very excited . the place itself is kind of smelly though and not very pleasant looking . i have been in there a couple of times now and i feel like thrift stores are more and more packed with very old , dirty items . also , half off saturday means it is packed in there . all registers were working and lines were crazy long . one man 's trash is another man 's treasure i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i met this group at an annual event in gilbert called `` the 12k 's of christmas '' which is a benefit for animal shelters . i visited the algbr booth , filled out an app , and was able to schedule our home visit for the next day . one aspect about this particular group is that they do n't take any pit bull mixes- and you find a lot of those in the shelters if you 're looking for large dogs . that 's why we decided to use a rescue group to help us locate a dog . my little girl fell in love with maximus , who was at their booth at the 12k 's event . we visited him at his foster home and ended up adopting him . he 's a perfect fit for our family . max is a neopolitan mastiff puppy about 18mos old and 100 lbs . very quiet and gentle . i was prepared to be checking out the website and visiting dogs for a couple of months , and to me it was worth it to get a good fit as we have young children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , punctual and a perfectionist . wayne tuned our mason hamlin aa and now it sounds just great ! two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after getting availability squared away , wayne kept our tuning appointment . he was on time , friendly and very professional . i also heard a piano dealer rep. speak highly of him as well as a professional piano teacher . i was not disappointed one bit ! wayne is simply excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr wayne montag was on time , actually early for the appt ! ! very knowledgable and professional regarding his craft . extremely friendly and humble . the piano had not been tuned in about 20 years and moved a handful of times . one briefcase filled with his tools was all he needed . by the time mr montag was done , in about 1 hour , he had the piano sounding perfectly in tune . very reasonably priced unlike some other quotes we got . very highly recommended , also found out he tunes the pianos at the smith center , another bonus regarding his credentials . he is excellent at piano tuning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with piano tuning , but by any standards wayne did an excellent job ! our upright had n't been tuned since we bought it ten years ago , but it only took him 45 minutes to make it sound beautiful . wayne was early , friendly , and efficient ; we 'll definitely call him again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was nervous to get the piano tuned . i 've heard good , honest tuners are hard to find . wayne was extremely nice , professional , on time and honest . we will definitely use him again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and read the reviews before you take your vehicle here . it will save you money . i took my vehicle in for front brakes because i had already replaced my rear brakes 3 months ago . they insisted my rear brakes were going bad and i should replace them . i simply said no i just want the front brakes done . this will be the last time i do business with this location . they obviously are not honest and looking to rip people off by suggesting parts they do not need .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off i usually have my oil changed at pep boys , i had received a coupon in mail from meineke for $ 14.95 . had my parents drop off my vehicle in morning and pick up in afternoon . when the picked up the vehicle the charge was $ 27.40 . they paid . when i came home and found out what the bill came to i called and talked with `` randy '' he said the extra charge was the the vehicle took an extra quart . when i go to pep boys the coupons are for $ 19.95 and no more . and on top of it all the recommended items they found for my vehicle was to change the radiator coolant , that was just done 5 months before . i do not recommend this company & i will never have service done here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . i was literally waiting outside 15 minutes to not be helped watching two guys ( workers ) who were looking straight at me sitting down . you are better off finding another place this place is a joke , complete joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incompetent . made an appointment for 11:30 . showed up promptly at 11:30 and was told it would be an hour and half . showed up again at 1 and they literally moved my car into a bay and started working on it then . also , i had a coupon which they told me i could n't use because my car took a `` special '' kind of oil ... i have a honda civic . not sure what 's so special about that . will never be going to this place again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid this place . do n't fall for the reservation system here . reservations mean nothing here and are a sham that they use to bring people in . once you 're there , they mean nothing . if you choose to get your oil changed there , be prepared to sit there for 2.5 hours even if you have a reservation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every time i take my car in , they tell me something is wrong with my car that is not wrong . then they proceed to give me these ridiculous prices for it to be fixed . however , when i take my car to another shop it is not the same problem that meineke said it was . and the fix is more reasonable . ex . meineke : `` you need a new transmission and it 'll cost $ 2800 . '' other shop : `` your sensor is unplugged , so its reading weird codes . we 'll plug it back in and see what it reads . ... nothing came back after plugging in your sensor . your car is fine , that 'll be $ 60 . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cons ! do n't take corporate coupons all around price gouges ! told me over phone they will take the coupon on the phone and now that i 'm here they wont", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent repair facility ! the gentleman i worked with determined my vehicles true needs , and went above and beyond to outline the most cost effective solution to get me back on the road again . i would highly recommend you go see these guys if in need of any automotive repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of these guys ! i had my car at the dealership for a recall notice repair , and they tried to tell me it would be upwards of $ 250 just to replace the brakes on my two front tires . so i called this place and lee , shane , and pete took great care of me and my car . they even gave me a ride to work when i dropped it off for service , and came to pick me up when it was done . thanks guys ! you made something that is always a pain , much less painless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the handsome gentleman in the office was helpful in such a way that he found the error . however our rapport has been ruined due to the fact that when i brought my partners car in to have oil changed , would be our third oil change on the same car . no previous history of last two could be found.last two changes totaled 27.98 with a coupon for conventional oil change . when brought this time total was 69.99 plus tax . when questioned apparently last two oil changes were done with incorrect oil .very disappointed . will not warrant any future car repairs due to the inconsistency .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was treated with respect which is rare being a woman . i was in and out quickly did not feel taken taken advantage of . i would come here again . the manager is a real gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got an oil change here , and as i drove away i heard a scraping sound coming from under my car . i went back to the shop and they told me the plastic splash guard under the front of the car had fallen down because they had only attached two of the eight `` bolts '' that hold it up . ( they 're actually plastic clips . ) the guy i dealt with told me that now they had properly attached all the `` bolts '' and i left . two days later , i heard a rattling while on the freeway . i pulled over and saw that they had attached the splash guard with zip ties ! not only did they do a shoddy job , but they lied to me about it . i went to the nearest meineke ( bell and 24th st. ) and the manager said the original shop should not have used zip ties , and he was embarrassed someone from his company had done that . he fixed the problem properly at no charge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the guys at the meineke car care center on osborn and 24th street ! ! ! pete , jonny and the crew are phenomenal with their customer service and their customer satisfaction . they are excellent in finding what the customer needs for a price they can afford ! i have used their service a few times , most issues were minor , but when my car started overheating i knew it was a major issue . i took my car to them and they made sure that i did n't leave until i stopped crying . one of the mechanics drove me to drop my son off at school and then waited for me and took me home . he just kept reassuring me that everything will be alright and they will take good care of my car . 24 hours later i was able to pick my car up and make it to my office on time ! when i told my brother about the situation and the price he said that i made a good choice for my money and the quality of service . i am a customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friend recommended this place , because they do n't try and sale you stuff you do n't need . got my oil changed and at a great price . they even filled my tires to the right pressure and let me know when i would need new tires .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car for two second opinions now . both mechanics said the same thing . the air compressor they put on my vehicle for reed motors was an off market air compressor and not meant to last a summer . both mechanics said they were probably avoiding honoring their warranty . neither mechanic knew right away that i needed the gaskets they told me i needed immediately . please do not take your car here . they are liars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had 2 very pleasant experiences with pete here at meineke . i needed an oil plug replaced and another outfit down the street wanted to charge me $ 75 without an oil change ! i then walked in to meineke and pete says he can change the oil and replace the plug that had been stripped for less than $ 60 . and now today i went in to get a leaky seal replaced on my front axle and a new airtube throttle body ( which i had the part for ) . i walked out of there under $ 175 . and he never even charged me labor to put in the air tube throttle body which was causing my car to lose up to 30 % in gas mileage . in an industry that 's plagued by dishonest i 'm happy to have found a place that conducts business with integrity . thanks pete !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite happy hour spot ! ! they have happy hour m - sat from 3-6pm . awesome select specialty cocktails , beers and wine for $ 5 . also select menu items for $ 5 and $ 8 . i also love their brunch . i 've probably eaten here 10 times and never have had a bad meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brunch at the patio on a sunny saturday with live music ? yes , please ! ! ! it has been long since my last not-so-good experience at the herb box in dc ranch , i finally decided to give it another chance at this location , well , i 'm glad i did . this one definitely gave me a much better experience and a happier day later ( maybe because i did n't order any egg-related items like last time ? check out the review for the dc ranch location and you 'll know what i 'm talking about , lol ) ... anyways , we had to wait for about 25 mins for a patio seating which was expected since everyone wants to be out with the sun . service at this location was great , very attentive , the waitress of ours was just friendly ! we both had a salad ( market sunflower salad and coconut shrimp salad ) , both were very flavorful , i 'd definitely order it again ! : ) looking forward to the next outing at this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good for an easy and leisurely business lunch or outing with the girls . the market downstairs is great for takeout and a great selection of bakery treats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place ! not only was our waitress super nice , but its got a great , low-key atmosphere and really good food . we went for the shared plates and the market short rib tacos and shrimp in smoked jalapeno rioja butter are amazing . the latter is on the spicy side , so do n't order it if you ca n't eat a jalapeno . it comes with dipping bread to go into the sauce and i did n't care how unhealthy it may have been . it was good . the crab dip with fried bananas was good , and the fried green tomatillos were okay . some were sliced a bit too thick for my liking . but that 's not going to stop me . next time i 'm in scottsdale , you can count on me visiting the herb box .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm updating my previous review , which was only one star . the lesson from that one is if you want food from the restaurant , do n't order from the market or you 'll be waiting all day . the restaurant itself is nice and they have a small patio that 's pleasant this time of year . i had the chicken-avocado chopped salad . the flavors were nice , but there were n't enough of them . the chicken had a bit of spice and was quite good . there was also supposed to be corn , cheese and bacon , though , and there was hardly any of that . the salad was mostly just lettuce . overall i am just not impressed with this place and with so many other options close by i probably wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location , great food , and nice ambiance . the menu is n't huge , but this is a nice french cafe type setting if that 's what you 're into .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has amazing food ! what to get : appetizer : `` avocado love '' it 's trademarked ! for dinner i got the candied grapefruit salmon . i was tempted to lick the plate ! drinks were good . my group got the margaritas-did n't hear any complaints . atmosphere is very airy and intimate . not too loud . i recommend this place if you 're looking for food that 's healthy and an environment that 's unique and sophisticated . get the salmon for me ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great addition to old town dining . great brunch , lunch , and dinner . their patio is very nice , as it is at the waterfront . selection for brunch is small , but spanning . sandwiches for lunch are eclectic and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make sure paul is your bartender ! very personable and fun to talk to . he made me an amazing pink drink that was n't even on the menu . wish he had a name for it so i could send all my friends in to order it . great place , good atmosphere and amazing drunk and food . thanks paul !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . bland food . manager was completely inconsiderate . would never come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in scottsdale for my bachelorette weekend and this was the place my moh , bridesmaids and usherettes chose for our first lunch in town . being a health nut , this was the perfect choice ! the location was ideal , the decor and ambiance inside the restaurant was relaxed and very inviting . i ordered the sweet potato tacos and tried one of the short rib tacos and they were both amazing ! everything tasted very fresh , the portions were n't overwhelmingly huge ( i 'm from texas , so everything is huge ! ) , and the presentation was beautiful . i also had a sip of the mango lemonade which is made fresh daily and it was delicious ! i forgot our waitress ' name but she had a european accent and she was very helpful ! she was very knowledgable about all the menu items and even spent some time talking to us about where she was from while learning a little bit about us . if i 'm ever in town again , i 'll definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the herb box is good . for brunch , the salmon hash is an awesome combination of wonderful breakfast foods . i especially liked that it had the fingerling potatoes mixed in . but really , you can put potatoes in anything and i 'll like it . today , i had lunch at the herb box , and was pleasantly surprised with their fish taco special . seriously , i did n't expect tacos this good at a place with such varied food styles as the herb box . what keeps me from giving the herb box that final star are the prices and service . the food is good , but just a few bucks more than what i usually want to spend . the service is n't awful , but it has that slightly snobbish scottsdale vibe . little things like that make me want to stay in central phoenix and out of downtown scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the vegan nosh board and avocado love appetizer are both delicious ! the nosh board changes with seasons , which is cool and makes sense . i believe they try to use fresh , local produce whenever possible in their dishes . the sangria is amazing-the apricot brandy and dash of cinnamon was genius ! great ambiance and service has always been outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i keep trying to give this place a chance and they really just let me down every time . such a cute restaurant but the service and food always disappoints .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i helped host a wedding shower at the herb box . the food was amazing ! i had enchaladas with green chile sauce that were amazing . the service was even better . they were very helpful bringing up decorations for us and helping us bring down decorations and presents to our car . i would recommend doing an event there . you will enjoy every minute of it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pick for my wife 's birthday dinner . we 've always wanted to try the herb box and found a great occasion . the menu offers a wide range of foodie friendly comfort food that will satisfy the vegetarian and omnivore alike . there was also a good list of mixed drinks . i would recommend the sangria over the mojito . i had the ribs and macaroni and cheese with bread crumbs . the bread crumbs make it fancy . there is some great outdoor seating when the weather is accommodating . the restaurant is on the scottsdale waterfront . i do n't quite get the fake herbs as a center piece of each table , but the restaurant does seem to be surrounded by an herb garden . there 's a bakery down stairs that makes some of the menu items . i 'm sure we 'll be back , and may even take the parents next time they are in town , if you get my drift .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service , average food , overpriced , understaffed and mismanaged ... gave them many chances due to the location , but never coming back ! save yourself a trip ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends and i went here after searching several restaurants in the area . what a great choice ! if you want creative food that you have never had anywhere else and probably ca n't cook at home and is absolutely fabulous - go here . the korean cauliflower is to die for , but so was everything else we had . definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "build your own bloody mary bar complete with peppers and bacon . salmon hash for me and a kobe burger for the wife . everything was delicious , ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch there yesterday and have been there a few times . tried many things and do n't have anything negative to say . love the atmosphere . the staff is always super friendly . wine is superb . always one of my top picks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adorable place with lots of vegan options", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love it anytime i can grab a yummy salad . and i did right here ! the grilled chicken , with bacon , avacado , gouda cheese with house dressing was to die for ! it 's definitely a cool place with cool people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the upstairs restaurant is super . delicious food.. and the coffee is stellar ! we have been going to the more casual downstairs dining area for a simple breakfast . they can get all the stuff on the upstairs menu ... but casual seating outside . great people watching . fantastic staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the turkey and avocado wrap , and it came rather quickly . the server was very polite and attentive . the food was very good as well . it was pricey though for what it is , but that 's the only downside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite brunch spots . the patio is so pleasant and there is usually a dj . we sat and chatted for hours- the best part of brunch ! we all enjoyed our food . lots of mimosa options . my only issue was that we were told we 'd get a text when our table was ready . we never got a text and went to check with the hostess . she said she texted us but took us off the list because we did n't respond . we were like 2 feet away ... .annoying . there were clearly tons of open tables and they did n't even call our name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a beautiful location ! ! created our own cheese and meat board.. , . made for a great evening sitting outside enjoying the company of friends.. , definitely will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here for a light brunch . instant fan . the atmosphere was great , very quick and attentive service . the food was great and we almost had no wait . overall just a pleasant experience , we are n't from arizona so it was nice to experience local eateries while down there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here twice now- once for dinner and once for brunch . i love the space- the outside is cozy , warm and inviting . my wife and i had a drink at a small table by the bar with our own fireplace . it was very relaxing . we followed this with dinner on the patio . i had the ribs and they were surprisingly excellent . they fell off the bone and were super tasty . in addition , i have a dairy allergy and the waiter went the extra mile to ensure everything i had was dairy free . brunch was also excellent . i had the egg sandwich and it was also very tasty . it is a great location , great atmosphere and i have had 2 great experiences .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to the herb box in dc ranch , which i loved , but today was my first time at the one in old town . needless to say , it impressed again . a friend and i met for sunday brunch which was great because it allowed us the full breakfast menu as well as the lunch menu if we wanted . not being a big egg fan , i was hesitant at trying the chilaquiles , but the waiter informed me that i could get just one egg if i preferred . it was actually delicious ! the tomatillo salsa that they pair with the pork creates the right combination of flavors . the food is a little on the pricier side but that is what you get if you want all fresh local ingredients . i am definitely willing to pay more for quality , which is exactly what the herb box has . not to mention the beautiful patio seating which should not be missed out on if the weather is right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great meal made from fresh ingredients that will leave you full and satisfied . we enjoyed a seat outside while eating our sandwiches . the service was pretty good . definitely a nice place to enjoy lunch while soaking up some sun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious and amazing ! ! ! we came here for brunch and the food was fabulous . the service was great and the patio was a great space even in the 110 degree weather . they were accommodating to my vegetarian request , which is always a plus ! i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice location and restaurant , however it 's overpriced . the chargrilled tenderloin was not tender , slightly tough and chewy . only 4 sm pieces in the entree priced at 25.00 the waitress was not familiar with menu or ingredients . when we asked about the boston cream that was supposedly in the dossants ( dessert ) , she admitted there was n't any even though the menu listed it . that would have been nice to know before ordering . the other dessert crack pie , was cold and seemed to be thawing out . not what i was expecting , i inquired about it and the server took it back to the kitchen where i 'm certain it was warmed in the microwave . oh yeah , the plastic green plant on the tabletops were not overly impressive either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't wait to come here again ! perfect place for a weekend brunch . i had a mango mimosa ( a little too sweet , but still good ) and the honey buckwheat pancakes . these were perfect ! and the bacon it came with was delish as well . all of their other dishes sounded amazing too , so i will be back to try more soon ! the only downside was the server . he was a bit rude but maybe it was just a rough day for him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my favorite restaurant when i lived in scottsdale ! i 've been many times and have loved everything i ever had there , but the pear and gorgonzola flatbread was my favorite ! i also loved the butternut squash enchiladas . all the appetizers are delicious -- especially the avocado toasts ! this place has a very nice ambiance and nice , modern decor . it is sure to please both vegetarians and meat-eaters , alike ! the food is high quality and generally much healthier than other restaurants . the service has always been great as well ! do yourself a favor and get to the restaurant asap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wife and i had an early lunch here . we split the pork belly sliders and the mac and cheese . both were on the `` starter '' menu but filled us up since we were n't starving . both were very good . my wife had a mango lemonade which was incredible . service was great and we sat outside on the beautiful shaded patio . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to visit the phoenix area for the weekend from seattle . recently i 've become more of a foodie and i was pleasantly surprised by how amazing this place was . i did n't know this about scottsdale ! ordered a cocktail to start off and it was absolutely amazing . nicely hand crafted . for dinner , i had the fried cauliflower , thai baby back ribs , and mac and cheese . all very well made and delicious . loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , good wine , and a beautiful location are all expectations of a nice scottsdale restaurant and herb box delivers on all 3 criteria . spacious with an every evolving seasonal menu , i enjoy each visit as it is different from the last . salads are wonderfully fresh and desserts are also tasty . with so many good restaurants in the area to choose from , this is my go to for new american seasonal food when my friends and relatives want a taste of scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very fresh and juicy . my fianc\u00e9 and i ordered a shrimp salad and a 3 course dinner which was not on the menu . all of the dishes were good but it was not a 'wow ' type of dishes . i brought my dog and sat out on the patio , they were very nice and gave him a water bowl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great for lunch . the location ca n't be beat , in the heart of old town scottsdale where there is usually something going on like craft fairs , music or some special event . i have gotten into a rut ordering the amazing market sunflower salad over and over again . it truly is a great salad . during the fall , i 've had the butternut squash soup ... .wonderful . friends i have been with ordered the flatbread with goat cheese & pear and the chicken blt sandwich both were excellent . this place is a must visit when your in old town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were visiting scottsdale and asked our concierge where we could find a good healthy vegetarian restaurant.. he recommended the herb box . i 'm telling you , it was the best vegetarian restaurant we have ever been to . the menu is incredible . we went there for lunch everyday day we were in scottsdale . we want one in indian wells , ca ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nice brunch today at the herb box . we had a kale , brie and apple omelette . the bacon could have been cooked more but that 's a matter of preference . we also had a chopped salad but the mac and cheese was the best part . it was our first time and we will come back soon . our waitress sande did a great job and was very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the herb box was extremely accommodating to our large group of authors as we socialized before an event at poisoned pen . the atmosphere , the service , the food : everything was top notch . i enjoyed my drink , a sexy fizz and fig . the urban market salad was so pretty i had to share a picture on twitter ! really , it had a perfect mix of flavors and textures . this place has a good reputation for a reason . i 'd gladly dine here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 came here for a shave and although the lady was nice , she totally messed him up . i 've posted pictures to reference . when i called to defend his honor ( lol ) all she said is `` put some vaseline on it . we 'll be more careful next time '' . wow . we have a wedding to attend tonight and hubby looks like wolverine got a hold of him ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my nephew was getting his haircut and the guy who was cutting his hair walked out for a good 5-10 minutes while we are waiting . what kind of customer service is this . this is ridiculous . another barber would 've finished it but this guy has already cut his hair and the other barber did n't want to mess it up . never again . i only have a star because i ca n't post without it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time there and it was awesome they really take the time to do a perfect job . definitely going back there again . martha was my stylist and she was awesome ! i suggest asking for her : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came out here to las vegas for a small vacation i was in need of a hair cut i looked up a barber shop here on yelp and it directed me to s & s barber shop . i called and made a appointment with joseph for 1:30 . i got there joseph was very polite he seated me right away and cut my hair just the way i asked him to . joseph is very professional and polite . i highly recommend you book a appointment to get a haircut with joseph . he will now be my barber whenever i come back out to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as a guys cut goes , they are absolutely terrible . asked for a low fade and the first lady gave me the crappiest fade , i had to coach her through it . went there to give em a second chance . got a different lady and she gave me a high fade with a crappy un even trim on top after i asked for a simple low fade with a trim on top . they have the cheapest scissors instead of actual shears and i will never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars for this barbershop . location : easy access and parking directly off s decatur only a mile or two from the strip . it 's in a small storefront shopping mall strip directly next to a little convenience store for all your munchies or beer needs while you get cut . barber : brooks cut me up . i 'll be honest , i 'm not the easiest customer when it comes to my cuts . with a fade , taper , and a full beard , there 's several elements to my hair . brooks took his time and made sure i was getting exactly what i wanted . he even ended it with a hot towel straight edge shave , something i am extremely particular about . atmosphere : you 're not going to find anything too flashy or fancy here , but honestly , who gives a sh $ t ? i want a personable barber , quality cut , and reasonable price . thanks s & s ... i will be back for shizzle . boom !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . best fade i 've had in a while . very nice efficient staff . beautiful ethiopian women .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here on my way to vegas for a fun weekend so i wanted to look sharp . well , i think sharp only came into mind when my neck had two big cuts on it from the shave . the bottom of my beard was all uneven and my neck was all red with two accompanying cuts , which i have never gotten from a shave from any barber . the place itself is a bit sketchy , so if you are looking for a decent shave , or someone with a little bit of training , i recommend looking elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "costco canceled all of my wedding flower orders less than 6 days before my wedding . after a rather large breakdown a friend and myself started making calls to try and find a florist with the same great prices . what i found was 100 times better ! conroy was able to get my order to me , with a lower price than costco , and the flowers were gorgeous . no wilting , nothing crushed , just perfect flowers in perfect condition . the customer service was the best i have ever received . very helpful and care about their customers . i will be a customer forever , even just to run by to buy fresh flowers . i have lived here forever and i am so excited to find such a great store ! recommend recommend recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when a large company emailed ( not even a phone call to make sure i knew right away ) the day before i was supposed to have 400 daisies delivered for a wedding , i went into full crisis mode . luckily , we found conroy 's . they were able to get us absolutely perfect flowers overnight . the colors were fabulous and the flowers were in the freshest condition possible . their customer service went above and beyond to make sure we had what we needed for a perfect wedding . and , with that short of notice , i expected to pay extra or it . the price ended up being better than the flowers i had ordered months in advance . i would definitely recommend them for any flower needs , especially the important ones . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got in a jam when the funeral flowers were n't going to be delivered in time , called and spoke with dottie and she was able to create a beautiful arrangement , that looked a lot better than what i had originally ordered . when i went to pick them up , i asked for a last minute ribbon to be added and the cheerfully obliged . conroy 's florist made a very difficult situation so much better , thank you dottie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for flowers , quality was great . we ran in the same day and picked up 50 roses , 2 sets for $ 57 with tax ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a bad experience with a local florist and needed to find flowers fast . i called 5 florists asking for help and none of them could get my flowers til the next week . i took a chance and called conroy 's ( not even sure if they sold to the public ... .which luckily they do ) for help . within minutes a very kind employee named steve solved all my problems . not only did they have the flowers but they rushed to get them boxed and on ice so my husband could run in during his lunch break to pick them up . my husband was in and out in minutes ! when he got home from work ( 5 hours later ) , i opened the box and the flowers were perfect ! thank you conroy 's for saving my event and being so amazing to work with ! fantastic employees and beautiful flowers ! thank you conroy 's ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wandered in after the floral shop i was initially headed to failed to impress . at first , i had no idea where to start as i was just 'browsing ' to collect ideas . the staff could n't have been more helpful ! i decided to enquirer about options and pricing , and wow , amazing price for what you are getting . i walked in feeling lost , and walked out with my order for my wedding complete with no stress . also , the prices and quality are amazing ! so glad i stumbled in to conroy 's and ca n't wait for the beautiful flowers at my wedding ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for cheap drinks before the blackberry smoke concert . this bar , i think epitomizes an old pittsburgh steel town dive . you can practically feel the steel mills chugging away when you enter . old men drinking cans of pbr and natty ice . they class it up a bit by pouring it into iron city pint glasses , though . why pay $ 4 - $ 6 for a pint at the waterfront when you can get a budweiser draft here for $ 2.50 . looking for a cheap dive in homestead ? your search ends here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2.5 rounding up . typical dive . nothing special . not a great selection of beer or alcohol , but better than half of the places on our journey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's not the sleaziest bar in homestead but with a few tweaks it could be . i 'm only here because i 'm trying to get that soused badge and wanted to make sure i earned it properly . i 'll be nice and stop my review here ... got a shot of absolute and moved on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my first review on yelp because somebody needs to tell it like it is . i ordered the baked potato with bbq because the place was new to me and i felt it was a safe choice . the girl at the counter where you order was super nice . 30 minutes later they brought the potato out and was , at best , room temperature . while waiting , several others were entering to the dirty tables and floors and those before me were sending their food back for various reasons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shane 's is awesome . i usually order the shack sampler . it 's a whole lot of food . the ribs fall off the bone and their chicken tenders are great . i come here at least twice a month . i 've tried all the sauces and have n't been disappointed by any ... .the fried okra sux tho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this shanes really is a nice addition to this area of town . the staff here is very friendly and really seem to do their best in accommodating everyone that comes in . as far as the food is concerned . ... it 's ok but nothing to write home about . i do enjoy the chicken tenders , but their mac n cheese is typically not as good as i think it could be . bottom line . .. if your looking for a change . .. this might be it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really delicious pulled pork - we ate it for a few days straight and loved it every single time . moist meat , great sauces . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite spot . i love the fact that they offer gluten free options , label the order with `` gluten free '' , and will immediately replace the food if it is not correctly made . i appreciate their willingness to go out of their way to offer options for those with food allergies . love the bbq , and the many sauces available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time eating from shane 's . service exceeded expectations and the food was outstanding . my wife had the pork salad and i had the lunch special ( 3 pc tenders ) . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good ribs ! love the sauce . the fries and texas toast are just kinda meh . but really , does anyone come here for the sides ? nope ! it 's all about them juicy , tangy , spicy sweet ribs . worth coming back to when i visit next . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried shanes after being recommended by a co-worker and i must say i wasnt that impressed . the food is ok , tried botht he chopped chicken and the smoked chicken . the smoked by far was better . the sides are not tasty at all , the fries are even sub-par . the best thing on the menu is ironically the peach cobbler . i know its nice to have something on that side of town , but good food is worth a drive . its not horrible but just dont go jonesing great bbq . service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "picked up a take out order the other night for the whole family . since everyone has different tastes , i think we ended up getting a little bit of everything on the menu . i like that they have a kids menu for take out . the ribs were amazing , as well as the smoked wings and hush puppies . our order for a family of five was ready to pick up in just 10-15 minutes - just enough time for me to drive there , and the order was ready and on the counter when i arrived . excellent service both on the phone taking the order and at the counter for pick up , and the food was awesome . keep it up shane 's - we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! started working across the street a few weeks ago and i find myself in there a few times each week . i 'm addicted to their smoothies . the owners are a husband and wife and they are fantastic . a great couple that you can tell truly care about their customers and are fun to talk to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right when i walked in the door both the owners looked at me then continued doing what they where doing , no smile , no hello just nothing . i asked about the cellucore powder thermogenic all they said was where out . there was no recommendation on what was similar or anything . i basically had to beg for information . i 'm sure they do make amazing smoothies however i was not there long enough to experience them nor will i ever go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a ton of stuff all over the walls , however they love to just put things in your hand without telling you bad side effects . i decided to go back to driving 6 miles away to go to vitamin world over this place ... people here are just not educated in the products how they work and if it 's ok to take them with other stuff . seems like they just jam crap into their bodies because they think it 'll make them huge ... .. if you know your stuff about supplements may wan na try it out , if your newer to the try somewhere else . also a little overpriced ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the team at this store is absolutely amazing ! they are very knowledgable in the fitness world and were super helpful with hooking me up with the best products supplements . they were able to answer all of my questions and were super friendly and willing to spend as much time with me that i needed . i live about 30min from this location but amanda and mikey made it worth it and i will be making the trip for all of my supplement needs ! if i could give this store 10 stars , i definitely would ! go check them out ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to this place after going to the gym , and i ca n't wait to go back . the guy was friendly and happy to adjust my order even after he started making it . the place was small but had tons of products on the walls that i may next time look into . the flavors of the shakes are great and reasonable for the cost considering the type of product you are getting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like to reward myself after my workouts and was thrilled when i saw this building across the street . mikey is the main person that i normally see for my `` rewards '' and have met his wonderful wife too , and together are just fantastic ! both very friendly and know what it takes to be fit ! do n't trust me ? ... check out the photos of her on the mirror ! the shakes are amazing and never let me down ! i always get the peanut butter and chocolate and every time comes out like the first time i feel in love with them . it 's refreshing and the owners all know the products too if you have any questions . i hope they make you feel as welcomed as they have for me ! and if you have n't been in yet , check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great people , selection and smoothies ! very knowledgeable . i get all my bcaas and creatine there . love the meal replacement shakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda and her husband are great ! my drinks are always amazing and they 're always willing to explain new products . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here a few weeks ago , stock was low on a lot of stuff . the male owner was working and was a total jerk , completely unprofessional and rude . i will take my business elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place . thanks mikey and amanda for your great insight and guidance on nutrition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place was small but clean . it was my first time there and i ordered two shakes ( one for my daughter and one for myself ) . ten minute later i was driving down the road and the straw went right through the cup on both my shake as well as my daughters . we had the shake all over my car , clothes and hands . it was one huge sticky mess . i had to stop in the middle of the road and dump it out so it did n't make even more of a mess in my car . i called one stop to tell them and they said sorry and that was it . the shakes tasted good ( the little we had ) , but it is not worth wearing them and i do n't recommend it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "prices were good . the owner female one rude as hell ! ! ! for her being in customer service , she needs to learn how to talk to customers . we were there to purchase items not be greeted by bitchiness and rudeness ! ! your products and smoothies are not worth the poor service ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "foyer ist noch immer etwas kahl , aber der rest ist benchmark !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren dort jetzt schon 2x so derma\u00dfen entt\u00e4uscht , was die bel\u00fcftung bzw . klimatisierung angeht , dass ich vermtulich jetzt nicht mehr hingehe . klar , es war sommer , aber sorry : w\u00e4hrend des films durchg\u00e4ngig schlecht bel\u00fcftet zu werden geht einfach nicht , sorry ... von daher nur 3 sterne . auch dass bei sto\u00dfzeiten an den ausgaben oben nur je 1 person steht f\u00fcr getr\u00e4nke usw . geht eigetnlich garnicht . sorry ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das ist ein sch\u00f6nes kino mit stil und doch neuer technik in perfekter zentraler lage . hier in den innenstadtkinos f\u00fchlt man sich wohler als in den oft gesichtslosen multiplexen . eintrittspreise und kosten f\u00fcr getr\u00e4nke und popcorn sind im rahmen und nicht \u00fcberteuert ! sch\u00f6n ists hier ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einer der \u00e4lteren kinobauten in stuttgart , rein schon vom eingangsbereich und vom aufgang her einfach anders als die neuen betonbunker . gem\u00fctlich , freundlich , macht spass hier zu sein und kino zu erleben , auch wenn die techni nicht auf dem alelrneusten stand ist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "der dreierkomplex aus metropol em und gloria ist fuer mich eine gute adresse . preise sind ok. neben ueblicher blockbuster gibt es hier durchaus moeglichkeiten andere genre zu erleben . extras kosten extra vertraegliche preise bei angenehmer auswahl . mitarbeiter sind individuell und durchwachsen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einmal und nie wieder ... . das personal wirkte extrem unorganisiert und \u00fcberfordert ( einlass war ca . 15 min nachdem der film eigentlich h\u00e4tte beginnen sollen ) . zudem ist die leinwand extrem klein und die sitzpl\u00e4tze befinden sich alle auf einer h\u00f6he , sodass man immer mindesten einen kopf aus der vorderreihe im bild hat . insgesamt war es die 9\u20ac f\u00fcr das ticket nicht wert . lediglich f\u00fcr die atmosph\u00e4re des kinos gibt es einen extra stern .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wenn ich mal nicht informiert bin , was aktuell in den kinos l\u00e4uft , kein problem , ich gehe dann einfach zu den innenstadtkinos . das programm ist so umfangreich und vielf\u00e4ltig , dass ich bisher immer was gefunden . die atmosph\u00e4re ist ebenfalls einmalig , der charme der fr\u00fcheren zeiten siegt doch meist \u00fcber die retorte . 5 sterne f\u00fcrs immer wiederkehrende kinovergn\u00fcgen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das metropol ist ein solides kino , welches sich in der stuttgarter innenstadt befindet ! 3 kinor\u00e4ume sind vorhanden . wobei das metropol 3 relativ klein ist . wenn man etwas sp\u00e4ter in eine vorstellung geht , kann man durch ger\u00e4usche von der disko nebenan gest\u00f6rt werden ! das mildert den filmgenuss erheblich ! die eingangshalle des kinos ist relativ gro\u00df und h\u00fcbsch ( \u00e4lteres geb\u00e4ude ) !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ich gehe sehr gerne in kinos , nicht nur um die neuen filme zu schauen , sondern weil das kinobesuchen eine tolle sache ist . nirgendwo sonst kann man filme in guter qualit\u00e4t ( bild und ton ) und in guter atmosph\u00e4re genie\u00dfen . und von den innenstadtkinos ist der kinosaal metropol 1 der sch\u00f6nste . er ist sch\u00f6n gro\u00df , die leinwand angenehm und der ton kr\u00e4ftig . das kann man von den allermeisten anderen s\u00e4\u00e4len in der stadtmitte aber nicht behaupten . beim kinogang darauf achten , dass der film in metropol 1 l\u00e4uft und nicht etwa in metropol 3 oder so . da passen grad mal gesch\u00e4tzte 50 leute rein .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das metropol 2 sei all jenen empfohlen , die unter gro\u00dfen vor-mir-sitzern leiden , denn der saal ist sch\u00f6n steil .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danke , pjebsen , f\u00fcr den l\u00e4ngst f\u00e4lligen beitrag ! ich hab daf\u00fcr ein foto beigesteuert gruss von caline", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich gehe immer wieder gerne in die innenstadtkinos in stuttgart . man kann bequem \u00fcbers internet seine tickets buchen ( und sitzpl\u00e4tze ausw\u00e4hlen ) , die mitarbeiter sind nett und einige kinos\u00e4le wirklich sch\u00f6n : ) - - i 'm always happy to visit the innenstadtkinos in stuttgart . you can easily book your tickets via the internet ( and select seats ) , the staff is nice and some cinema rooms are really nice : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply `` the best '' mike was a pleasure to work with from the sale to the delivery and install . fair , honest , friendly and professional . i love my new spa ! mike schooled me on maintenance of the spa and i feel comfortable taking care of the spa . highly recommend buying from mike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike runs a great company and service . promptly assists with any needs you may have , and very reasonable . has even assisted on where to get something , or suggested someone.. if unable to help . would highly reccommend . very accomodating , friendly , helpful , professional and knowledgeable . has come thru time and time again , for any of my hot tub needs or concerns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike was absolutely wonderful to work with . i highly recommend the for all your hot tub and spa needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike was over the top helpful and the service was next to none ! we bought our hot tub wholesale through mike and lv hot tubs which saved us thousands . he came out to our house and showed us options we could n't have seen in store at a traditional location . he also walked us through the entire process including different options for our house , install options and design choices . the hot hut was craned over our house in under 30 mins - very professional and fun to work with . i highly recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was doing my grocery shopping at the longo 's in leaside village and parked my car in front of pizzaville . having never been to any of their locations , i decided to check this one out . this location is relatively new and the decor of this place is sleek and clean . many take out from pizzaville , but you also have the dine-in option . there are booths with television screens for you to watch cp24 as you eat pizza . being in a shopping complex , there 's a lot of parking around - always a plus in my books . service is excellent here - whenever i come in here , the staff are friendly . the pizza is pretty tasty as well ; there are always walk-in specials , which make this place quite reasonable . good for : pizza , dessert ( pizza )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they do not care about loyalty or business ... they can not even make a decent pizza ... .i will be buying elsewhere ... i expect a decent pizza for the prices they are charging ... then they have their employees abusing customers on the phone ... ..enough is enough . 7 years of loyalty..the pizzas use to be quite good..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` do you have canada dry ? '' `` yes '' `` ok two canada drys please '' employee charges me then brings me pizza , then gives me two drinks in a very precise ( and weird ) orientation and runs off to the other side . i turn the bottles around to realize they are two schweppes . so i call him over and tell him this is schweppes . i want canada dry . he blankly stares back at me and says : `` it 's the same pepsi company '' . `` do you have canada dry ? '' `` no difference same company . it 's pepsi '' `` so you do n't have canada dry ? '' `` no '' this is only a small part of a very dishonest encounter . ... ... ... ... i detest dishonesty", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizzaville will fill you up and the deals can make it pretty cheap . we got the walk in special which was a large pizza with 3 toppings for $ 11 . but that 's the only good thing about this pizza . i found it to be one of my least favorite pizza joints . pizza tasted cheap . if i 'd compare pizzaville it would be similar to pizza pizza . if you 're just looking for something cheap and filling go ahead but there are tons of better pizza options in the city .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we often visit this location to pick up our online orders . the pizzas are excellent , and we are always welcomed with a friendly greeting . the unfortunate thing is that we ca n't seem to receive online deliveries from this location - they always come from queen east , and their pizzas are consistently prepared incorrectly ( wrong toppings ! ) and arrive cold . if you want a delicious , hot and tasty pizza , get it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tim was great ! he came out to my home for a second opinion and confirmed my suspicions that another ac company was scamming me into unneeded repairs . and he did so at no cost ! he responded to my inquiry within the hour and was out to look at my unit the next day . i truly appreciate the time and attention he gave me , an unpaying customer . he will be my first call for additional maintance and repairs needed in the future ! thank you tim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been almost 2 weeks since tim came to my house and fixed my ac ! i waited sometime before writing this review to see how long it will last ! not for my lack of faith in repair companies but for my lack of faith in my ac , being an old unit , every single technician or company told me that i should replace the unit ! their price for a new unit was exceptionally high ! i texted tim and he responded promptly , he gave me an appointment the next day ! guess i was lucky , and he came down and took a look at my ac and offered to fix it for a competitive price ! not to mention that he gave me a % 10 discount as soon as i mentioned yelp ! so do n't forget to mention yelp ! tim fixed my ac problem right on the spot ! now my ac reaches the desired temperature very easy during the day ! yes that 's how good it works now ! i highly recommend tim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shopping around for an ac company that is honest when you 're ac unit goes out during an az summer can be very stressful ... . i am very glad we gave climate advisors a try ! tim 's communication and customer service was outstanding ! they scheduled me and showed up within 24hrs , their rates were the best in the valley , and had my ac working in no time . found my ac company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a c unit went out on a sunday evening , contacted climate advisors and tim showed up quickly the same day . work quality was top notch , friendly and explained the problem and repair process thoroughly . i highly recommend this company , they are setting the industry standard bar very high .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what amazing service ! my larger of 2 air conditioning units went out last night . after looking on yelp for recommendations , i decided on climate advisers . i called after 9pm and tim answered my call . he was so apologetic that he was booked and could n't send someone out until the morning . jim arrived to our house before the estimated time , was friendly and informative . and the best part-the price ! i ca n't imagine any of the large competitors in the area would have come close to the price we received . i am truly thankful . tim and jim made what could have been a nightmare experience ( it was 118 degrees today ! ) smooth and painless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone needs an auto repair shop to count on . if you live in mt . lebanon and need a place for oil changes , tune-ups and repairs , this is absolutely the place to go . i 've been a customer for almost 15 years and have never had a bad experience . bob and his staff are professional , courteous , trustworthy and friendly . they explain things well and are upfront . hours are great and wait times are not excessive . prices are more than reasonable , and they 'll do whatever it takes to keep your bill as low as possible . i will continue to come here until 1 . ) i move or 2 . ) this place closes ( which judging by the work ethic of the staff wo n't be anytime soon ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , really friendly and honest staff . if you are friendly and treat them them right they will always treat you right . been going to this service center for years and do not plan to stop anytime soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for an oil change . the district manager help us while he was visiting the store . he told us 3 times he was the `` district manager `` . he made a joke that was kind of insulting . i kept my mouth closed because i know that person is not normally there . when our car was almost ready he tried to sell us services that we had done a few months ago , which i pointed out to him . he said `` o i am sorry my computer acted up '' hopefully the next time we come to the shop he is not there . i only know his first name and it 's dave the district manager ... 3 times ... by the way customers and corporate office he sucks and lie 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you for fixing my windshield wiper arm i appreciate your help and will definitely be back in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys really saved us . we were driving from harrisburg pa to chicago il and our alternator belt broke about 40 miles from pittsburgh . triple aaa and dumb luck landed us near monro muffler which was one of the few places open on saturday and sunday . jackson at the front desk was kind and helpful , he gave our kids cookies and a coloring book while we waited . we had got there at the end of the day so there wasnt time to fix the belt . they recommended a hotel down the street and by noon the next day our belt was replaced and the issue that had caused it ( loose bolt that made the alternator move ) also fixed . we were able to get back to chicago that day and the next day ( monday ) jackson actually called us to make sure we were okay . i would give them 10 stars if i could ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here to get two cars inspected and it was the best service . bob the manager was so helpful and made everything so quick , easy , and convenient . they were extremely busy and he still managed to get both of our cars inspected and ready to go . thank you bob and the staff at monro mt lebanon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have to admit i never hit up a chick fil a until this year bc i got a card from work for nurses week and we got a free thing each month may was market salad june was a chicken wrap july was a grilled chicken sandwich have to admit i enjoyed every item better than most fast food places and the chicken is really good . got my mother hooked on there salads too . only down fall is the parking lot and it 's in the miracle mile where everyone drives like a but ! but now i will be a regular customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't speak to their pizzas , but the salads are decent to average for the pre-packed airport variety . the chopped salad in particular is a good portion for ~ $ 10 , fresh and with a lot of chicken and salami . i did not care for the actual taste of the salami , which seemed a bit funky . i picked it off . they also offer an extremely-average caesar . my main complaint about this spot is their slow service : i understand a pizza would take a while to get , even in a quick-burn oven , but the woman at the register was making excessive conversation as a line got larger and larger . tip : as of mid-october , the area directly in front of this restaurant is undergoing flooring construction , so foot traffic really bottlenecks up right here , making the line look even longer than it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in between flights and had a surprisingly good pizza . it was clearly made on the spot , and had piping hot fresh ingredients , and a nice balance of flavored , and a really good red sauce . ( i got the s.o.p . - a sausage , carmelized onion , and fresh mozzarella ) . the downside is that they 're applying the standard airport markup and it 's a bit of a ripoff . two beers ( from a small , but quality selection of draughts ) and a pizza were $ 42 with a standard tip . about 20 % more than it 's worth , but that 's life in the terminal . i 'd come here again if stuck in terminal c. maybe try the burgers next time , which are more reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's be fair shall we ? sometimes the difference between an average pizza and an outstanding pizza is in the way it is ordered and if the pizza maker follows those instructions . humble pie at sky harbor airport delivered a perfect pepperoni pizza ! i ordered it `` crispy , well done , almost burnt '' perfection ! totally tasty waves !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this morning i was hopeful for a descent breakfast that was quick . now i understand they sell pizza , however their breakfast options appeared ok . i ordered a bacon and egg wrap for $ 9 . the wrap had 1 piece of bacon and eggs . it was sad really , i basically had eggs for breakfast , certainly was a major disappointment . wo n't be coming back and i travel to the phoenix often .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like many of the restaurants in phx terminal four humble pie started out as a restaurant in town and has opened an outlet at the airport . food here is on par with what they 've got at the other restaurants and that makes humble pie a standout at the airport . sat at the bar since i was traveling solo , service was great , especially since this is an airport and they have quick turnover of the seats . i had the mushroom pizza , it was good , not something i 'd usually order and honestly probably would n't again but it was good and i could appreciate it for what it was . i guess that 's a good way of summing up humble pie in terminal four , it 's enough of an escape from traveling you might forget you 're in the airport just looking for a quick mouthful , you can actually enjoy your meal enough to order something different and know it will be good . i 'll be back , and hopefully soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "four stars for the amazing burger ginger recommended and 5 stars for the great service . ginger made it a lot of fun to kill time before a flight . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as the food was good and our waiter gave us great service , our initial introduction to this airport restaurant was not the best . we asked to sit in the inner part of the restaurant and the hostess told us that the food tastes the same at every table . though she is correct , we wanted a relaxing table at another area and were willing to wait for a table . the same thing happened to another table of two as they were arriving . the hostess should be the friendliest person in the whole restaurant . please have a talk with your hostess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered the chicken pesto pizza , which was solidly in the `` atrocious '' category . largely bland , astonishingly greasy , and left me feeling both unfulfilled and mildly ill . in an airport with a lot of bad options , this really is one of the worst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "any better options here at sky harbor . had the pizza and was not impressed at all . check out some of the others that have great reviews on yelp .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really a 2.5 ... the point 5 for convenience to my gate ... had the hot wings ... they delivered the `` hot '' but were pretty tasteless ... add salt . they are long eating so will keep you amused and occupied while you wait ... they look much better than they taste ... can plug in ... but not all tables so ask ... server was attentive , beer was cold !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great experience overall . there was a delay with my pizza but i did n't care , i had 5 hours to kill before my flight - plus the manager came over and offered me a free appetizer . i like that they serve 20 oz . draft beer . rebecca was a great server and the food was great . i ordered the amber ale ( ca n't remember the name but it was excellent ) and the mushroom pizza was phenomenal . rebecca even provided me with some sauce to dip my crust in . thanks again rebecca ! you made the experience worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "french fries at humble pie ? oh yes ! stopped for a quick snack and bloody mary before a flight- so pleasantly surprised by both . quick , personal and friendly service . tdf shoestring fries . i love the phx airport dining options ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in terminal 4 , across from gate 4 ( southwest gates ) . looking for a tasty bite before your flight ? the pepperoni pizza and cheese pizza were both surprisingly really good . great service too ! cesar salad is not worth the $ 8 . it was n't really good at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in and had some really good food today ... .. but more than that the hostess had a great attitude while we waited for our table . glad we waited ... .. we would have missed the friendly service from katlin . try the spicy parmesan fries ... .. and the sour dough cheeseburger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "full bar , four tap beers , 10 inch pizzas speciality , many app selections , burgers and salads . 6 50 inch tvs . comfortable seating - slightly above average noise level . pizzas were bland in flavor and calamari was mushy after a bit with the lemon and basil sauce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best airport food ever ! great service ! ! that 's all i have to say but stupid yelp insists i write more so there you have it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bartenders are awesome . good beer and food . but the place has fruit flys everywhere . otherwise would have given 5 stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here before heading to albuquerque , nm . the pizza was good but of course it comes with the airport price : i ordered the pepperoni pizza , loved the pepperoni 's . my family ordered the breakfast it enjoyed it as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst breakfast wrap i 've ever eaten . the tortilla was rubbery , the eggs looked fake and the sausage was bland . i ca n't believe i spent $ 11 on that sorry excuse for breakfast . do not order the breakfast wrap unless you want to be disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good pizza , but it was expensive and small for the price . $ 11.99 for a personal 9 '' pizza was a bit steep , but it was still very good . i liked the flavor and the crust a lot . next time i 'm at phx i would likely come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "9.00 breakfast burrito . cashier already , made me want to leave . acted , like we were an issue . salsa ? if there are two of you , ask for 2 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate the lay out of the restaurants in sky harbor as there only a couple per terminal causing them to be quite busy with people who have time to kill , but this is n't humble pies fault . while we did have to wait a little bit the hostess tried to find us a table as quick add she could . the pizza was surprisingly good and surpassed our expectations for airport dining . i had the pesto chicken and my wife had the sausage and peppers . ingredients were good and plentiful and my wife really liked the red sauce . it is over priced , but that 's to be expected from an airport restaurant . we enjoyed the food enough that i think we might have to go the regular location in scottsdale and try it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found paradise med spa while next door to the barber shop called the manor . after my hair cut while i was chilling by the fire , a friendly staff member next door come over to speak to me about a broken blood vessel i had on my face that joel the barber and i talked about . i mentioned that i have wanted to get that fixed for a long time and janet went over my options on how to laser treat it . i did n't know much about the treatment and she went into great detail on the safety procedure and how the owner , a doctor , has researched , studied and preformed hundreds of these painless techniques . i set up an appointment and they went to work . i felt relaxed as melissa and janet worked together to isolate and zap the broken capillary . they also reduced the redness around my cheeks and evened out my face tone . in no time i was in and out . a pleasant experience . professional and experienced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has been a model throughout her teen years and is signed to a prestigious agency . when she turned 18 , her skin suddenly changed and her agency became unable to place her because of it . it was very troubling and over the counter products did n't work . we were recommended to dr. rebecca weiss and as a mom , i felt better knowing my daughter would be seeing a real doctor and not a standard less qualified `` spa '' experience . over time , through a regular regimen , the dr and her team were able restore her skin to a healthy glow and she 's acne and excema free . five months since she started , my daughter is back to work and busy booking great jobs . the monthly package was much less expensive than seeing a dermatologist . we definitely recommend paradise medspa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i went in paradise medspa was to buy a gift card for my wife . i was expecting to encounter `` snotty spa women '' - but i was so wrong . i have never seen such a gathering of happy employees in all my life ... everyone is very cool , fun , smiling , friendly . it 's no wonder my wife loves coming here . i looked at their menu of services and saw a few things that would interest me for myself . they were really good about explaining everything to a newbie like me , and also mentioned that just next door they have a men 's store called the manor with the same med spa services , plus straight razor shaves and tons of other stuff . i might need to plan a his & her med spa date with my wife ... great location in dc ranch , too . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service and knowledgeable staff ! paradise medspa has all the cutting edge beauty treatments i was hoping to find . i will continue to refer all my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new to this office . melissa has been doing my laser hair removal . this has been the best experience so far . melissa is gentle and sensitive to your needs . i would recommend melissa to all who need laser or facials . she is truly the best at what she does . dawn p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! they have a large variety of gluten free products . i came here to purchase gluten free gnocchi because i have n't been able to find it anywhere . they had two different types to choose from and the gnocchi i purchased was scrumptious . compared to most gluten free products , their prices are a bit high and the location is n't super convenient for me . in those times when i really want something i ca n't buy anywhere else , i will definitely go back to buy those items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read an article online about this being the best gluten-free shop in toronto . not sure if i agree . they definitely have some interesting items like vegan , gluten free breads that i have n't really seen anywhere else . the store is much smaller than i thought it would be ( based on what their website says ) . when i read their description of prepared foods and items in-store i was really excited about the variety . but once i found the store ( which is hidden if you do n't pay attention ) , i was disappointed . a lot of the other items they carry on the shelf can be found in various stores around toronto at a way cheaper price too . if you are in the neighbourhood , do go in and browse . otherwise not really worth the drive up there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very overpriced and you can find most items at grocery stores ! the owner is not friendly . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for the first time tonight and am very pleased . yes some of the prices seem high , but a good majority of the food is made from scratch . there is a very good selection of food and some items that i have n't been able to find in an everyday grocery store . the ladies working tonight were amazing and very personable . i had a sample of their in-house baked banana bread and it was very good . will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a decent variety of gluten-free items , which is great ( including some things i 've never seen elsewhere , like gf perogies ! ) but it 's really overpriced . for instance , a 4-pack of udi bagels is 8.99 here , vs. 5.99 at sobey 's or metro . they have some items made fresh on-site , but they 're also quite expensive . one nice thing is they have many baked goods , etc . available for order , so for someone who needs to order a cake or meal and be guaranteed it 's gluten-free , it might be worth it . there 's a good amount of parking in the area , though the storefront is a little obscured and it can be easy to miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kaitlyn and lyndsey are the best ! my hair is always amazing after a visit at comb sweet comb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love lyndsey she does an amazing job on my hair . my hair have n't looked this good in years . she truly cares about the integrity of my hair and wants to make me happy while keeping my hair healthy at the same time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lyndsey is so amazing ! ! ! i was going on 5 years with no haircut and she simply brought my hair back to life ! ! ! i 'm so in love with my cut.. thanks so much lyndsey for being so amazing and making me feel comfortable as well ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been seeing kaitlyn for quite some time now and she has saved my hair . previous stylists clearly made me believe in their false confidence that they could achieve what i wanted and failed after hundreds of dollars and months of work . kaitlyn was realistic and a genius with vivid and naturals for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lyndsey is amazing ! i have been her client for over a year now and everytime she does a phenomenal job ! lyndsey is very patient and will listen to what you want . she is very professional and cares about keeping your hair healthy . she uses high quality color and hair products . i get so many compliments after a balayage color . she makes it look very natural and healthy . my fianc\u00e9 gets his hair cut here as well and is always happy afterwards ! i recommend lyndsey to anyone who wants high quality service and color with affordable prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lindsey is a color specialist in the truest sense of the word . i am a very difficult blonde and she nails is every time . her cut is perfection . it 's rare to find someone that can do both . the shop is small and intimate which i like . even though lindsey has this amazing gift , she is modest and has the best heart . go to her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently dealing with a nasty case of food poisoning from here . i thought the crab meat in the california rolls tasted funky , now it all makes sense . my first couple times here were great , but unfortunately now , i wo n't be back . i would look into this to make sure nobody else gets sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really good and fresh ! left feeling full but not heavy ! fresh veggies , wild caught seafood-trendy vibe . will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good , fresh , and healthy food . had it 2 days in a row . try your meal carb free and still be satisfied at the end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered take out california roll , chicken satay , and a udon noodle bowl . the california roll had a hair on the wasabi , which i do n't use anyway but still gross . the chicken satay , the chicken was very juicy but the peanut sauce , not listed as spicy was way spicy . not cool . the chicken udon bowl was , well blah , boring as hell . still in the fridge , who knows if it will get eaten or thrown away . too many other great place , wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was here for the first time today and i can guarantee that i 'll be back . had the yakitori bowl that was just outstanding ! fresh vegetables , mouth watering chicken and a sauce that i could eat on just about anything . it 's a little pricey for lunch but well worth it . my friend ordered a bowl to her liking and it was full of vegetables and chicken . service was quick considering it was lunch time and i appreciate the staff coming around to check on us . go . order . enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again . this place is on point . especially with their 2for1 sushi on monday nights . staff is always welcoming , always have great conversation with them and enjoy coming in for some great food . love living so close to a great place like this one . -frostyles-", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 31 17- great food ! however , while eating my teriyaki bowl , i almost broke a tooth on a shard of glass . it looked just like the onions , so i did n't see it . glad i did n't swallow the glass . i called over at 5:45 and asked to speak to the manager , but had left for the night . i told the girl who answered what happened . i explained that i did n't want my money back or a meal , but they need to discard the rice , onions and chicken . more glass could be in the food and someone could get injured . her reply was `` well make sure to do that '' . pretty much did n't seem to care . i 'll stop by today and hand deliver the glass back to the manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was excited when they opened and the menu sounded awesome . it 's not . sushi is horrid . food taste like a canned or bagged item . pei wei and rhumbis across the street is a much better option . too bad . been there twice and got the same results . service was good and decor was nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my new go to place ! the staff was very friendly at explaining all the choices even though it was picked ! love the vibes and the food was amazing ! review update i was very disappointed with the quality of online ordering . i had ordered kids meals & then get home & have to deal with a screaming 3 year old because they forgot to it her cookie in the bag & also forgot to give me the drink for her . i did call the restaurant and got a refund for the kids meals but every time i have gone back since my 1st review it has such a different vibe . i definitely do n't feel like returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you could order anything and it does n't really matter what because it all tastes the same . i would rather go to the store and get a package of 0.22 ramen and eat that at home", "score": "1"}
{"review": "upon driving by the `` coming soon '' on my daily aj 's run , i looked up tokyo joe 's and learned all about its rich colorado history . a few months into my gluten avoidance , i welcomed the idea of a fresh asian spot in the neighborhood . they 've not quite been open a week and i 've visited them three times , trying something new every time . the gyoza is a delicious starter , the sushi rolls are great and the bowls , soups and salads offer a variety of flavors sure to never get boring . my husband ordered a green curry and his response was : aside from the searing burn on my tongue , this is flavorless . i have personally enjoyed the general joe 's soup , mojoe bowl and i 've built my own . i 'm sure to be a regular here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here after my parents raved about this place ... calling it the best sushi joint ever ( they never had actual sushi unless you think crab wontons are sushi ) . although their crab wontons were really good , the rest of the sushi i got was n't all that good . the joes roll was not very tasty but none of my sushi selections tasted disgusting . the reason i give this location a three star is entirely because of their customer service . the lady behind the counter was very polite and she helped my wife and i make selections for my son who is allergic to pretty much everything . i 'd go there again but wo n't ever get sushi again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to tokyo joe 's for the first time , and really liked it. , the food was very fresh tasting , and very good portions . i had a delicious chicken bowl with rice , fresh vegetables and curry . my wife and daughter enjoyed their food also..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and yummy . what else can you want ? lots of vegetarian options thankfully . that is really hard to find in fast food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i give it 2 stars ... ..only because the staff and service were good . you may rate it higher if you are fond of those frozen healthy choice bowls .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well genaro 's you earned your 4th star again . my two most recent trips were much better than the previous one . service was spot on except when it got busy and it was a little chaotic . you really have to time it right to get in before or after the first lunch surge and before the 2nd surge . otherwise , you could wait a while for your order to be taken and or your food . but as always , the food is definitely worth it . the prices are definitely affordable and you get more than your money 's worth . this is still on my favorite lunch spots list . thanks genaro 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten at , and reviewed the genaro 's in indian trail more than once . thanks to a heavily discounted gift certificate ( http : www.restaurant.com microsite.asp ? rid=353089 & mcn=00056141 ) , i stopped in here for the fist time . is fabulouso actually a word ? it does describe the lunch we had today . the bandeja genaro is a sampler plate meant to serve two , for $ 22.95 . it contains more food than two people should be allowed to eat . ( we did not finish it all ) on the plate was a 1 2 rotisserie chicken , beef , pork , and two different types of sausages . you choose two additional sides . fabu-freakin-louso does pretty well sums it up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "status update ... . i wrote that the lomo saltado , traditional peruvian dish , season beef with onions , tomatoes and cilantro , caught my eye on the menu on my last visit and we tried it tonight . may i say if it were a super hero her name would be super yum ! are you ready for this ? it was brothy with french fries tossed in it ! when it was put down in front of me , i was thinking i do n't know about these soggy fries . the soggy fries , onion and tomato made the dish ! this restaurant is so delicious and very inexpensive . we ordered two meals , a sandwich , two sides , 2 desserts and everyone had an adult beverage and our tab was $ 60 ! speaking of dessert , i ordered the tres leche , it was kind of crazy because it had marshmallow fluff for the topping , but it was still good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lived in bolivia and peru for over 2 years and have visited several times as well . this is place is pretty great . for authentic and unique dishes from the andes try the papas a la huancaina and the salchipapas ( hot dogs and french fries ) . i had the lomo saltado as well and it was great and the flavors were dead on . my wife and i will be going back soon . also always nice to wash it down with an inca cola or chicha morada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new favorite dish here- the bandeja genaro ! it serves two and is a selection of all the meats they offer ( half a chicken , big pieces of grilled steak and pork , 2 different types of sausage ) plus two side dishes . at a little over 20 bucks it 's a great deal , and we had tons of leftovers . be sure to try the fried plantains , too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we dined at genaro 's on independence ( indian trail ) regularly and were surprised to go to dinner one night to find it closed . we then decided to try genaro 's on park rd ext . while the food tasted the same , the waiter would not honor my husbands request for sausage as a side which had always been done at the other location . the music seemed to be more moroccan than hispanic . the whole thing just did n't have the same feel . while we loved everything about genaro 's indian trail , we will probably not go back to this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "would give this place 3.5 stars overall today , food was good . the yucca fries and the spicy beans had to be my favorite . my chicken was cooked perfect but it needed some more flavor or seasoning . was expecting a little more than just average roistiserie chicken . the sauces they provided helped out as did the chimicurri for an extra .25 to make my chicken taste a little better . if i lived closer i might venture here to try something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing meat plate ! ! i heard about the variety and quality of the food here and i was impressed ! the meat plate had chicken , two kinds of sausage , beef and pork and it was fantastic . you get 2 sides to share and we had plantains and yucca -- delectable . i think it 's the best peruvian food in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have finally gotten around to giving this place a try . based on the really good reviews , i figured i would have gotten better . it was just okay for me . the place was not crowded and my server was average at best . my chicken was moist and seasoned decently , beans were not spicy despite that adjective and the plaintains were very chunky , very little flavor . i am impressed that the fountain drinks are under $ 2 since a numbers of places have raised the price on some sweet tea to over $ 2 . smh.did not try the tres leches cake and wished i had . i will not say i will not be back , but it is not on my immediate radar for lunch dinner . the meat was seasoned better here , yet i prefer pio pio 's service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ate here for the first time and it was delicious ! i enjoyed every morsel of my meal and defiantly plan to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent rotisserie chicken , cilantro rice can not be beat . louis is server extraordinaire . and last however not least , the price can not be beat . my new favorite local place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant . it is one of my favorites . everything is good , especially the chicken . one of my other favorites is the pork sandwich with black beans on the the side . their tres leches is one of the best i 've ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the rotisserie chicken is the best i 've tasted . yes , during peak times the service can be a bit slow and the place a bit chaotic , but you know what ? when they lay that plate of aromatic awesomeness in front of you , it is all worth it . and then it gets even better when they bring the bill . so worth it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ... . the chicken flavor is amazing ... wooooo that so grate ... .. marinated grilled chicken with cilantro rice and black beans all was very good ... . the yuca frita and mil hojas ... .. excellent ... . thanks genaros", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : meats were fresh , hot , well seasoned . fun potato appetizers with spicy sauce . good , homemade-ish tres leeches cake . service : helpful , friendly , informative decor : nice lighting and decor , interesting artwork come by and eat at this gem of an authentic peruvian food while it is still in business . this one might not last because of wonderful attention to detail and lack of crowds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much like the reviewer before me , i ran back to the office , got to my laptop and am now writing this review . while it took me some time to get here it was well worth the 10 minute drive from my office to eat at this place . chicken was succulent , the chimmichurri toppings that adorned our platter of meat was phenom ! both sausages were outstanding , the standard chorizo was great but there was another one which was darker brownish and it was melt in your mouth sausage goodness . the cilantro rice was to die for and the salad and accompanying dressing were top notch . this is definitely becoming a go to for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the plantains were beyond excellent - 10 yelp stars ! the mango drink was so good especially if you like sweet . i ordered the passion fruit juice . it was delicious and very sweet which is my favorite . i ordered the avocado and chicken salad appetizer for my lunch choice . its hugs and i could only eat half . its two full avocados with rotisserie chicken and a cream sauce scooped inside . they 're a bit slow so do not expect quick but do expe t good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant was really sad to see it closed down when i went today . anyone know if they got a new location ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food , bandeja genaros was great , chicken pork , streak and spanish sausage . sides where cilantro rice . desserts , churro and tres leches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's start with service , good all 3 time we 've dined . every thing we have tried has been above average , the peruvian dishes where the best , plantains oh my , green chicken soup i could eat every week and more . leave room for dessert if i could spell it i would , it was most enjoyable , let your eyes be your guide . nice place , will dine here every time i 'm in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only eat here for dinner . at lunch time it 's to busy . i have the 1 2 chicken with rice and plantains . the chicken is very moist not dried out like some places . the sauces are very good . it 's a little small but everybody is friendly . the service is sometimes slow but the food is worth it . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : good tasting food ; large portions ; lots of variety cons : horrible service ; bad location ; viva chicken is better", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when i 'm missing my peru friends , i come here and enjoy being at any of the wonderful restaurants along the peruvian coast . now if i could just order a pisco sour , the night would have been perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! it really is my favorite restaurant in charlotte . they use charcoal for their grill and you can taste it . steak with chimichurri is always perfect . fried yucca , cilantro rice , pork sandwich , and the best tres leches i have had.the deserts are all incredible . if you do not like it you are a mutant . if you would like diabeetus try the inca cola .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the pineville location with my wife , after reading many reviews , and we were not disappointed ! the rotisserie chicken was deliciously moist and flavorful , and there was plenty of it ! only reason i gave it 4 stars was because the sides were just ok , and the inca corn appetizer was decent , as it had a hard texture and was unlike most corn cobs . it came with a nice pepper cream sauce with bold flavors . but it 's the chicken that is the star here . i only wish the skin was crispy . overall , a good place at an affordable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was absolutely amazing ! had the rotisserie chicken , grilled veggies and salad ! finger looking good ! the only reason they 're getting 4 stars is because they 're closed now ! had it on thursday and less than 12 hours later , could n't get a hold of anyone and the place was empty . so sad because it was good . wish they would 've said something about them closing . hoping they 're just undergoing reconstruction or just moving to a different location . but their number is out of service so it does n't appear that that 's it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rate a peruvian restaurant by the lomo saltado , papa a la huancaina , the rotisserie chicken and the ahi aka hot sauce ... all of which past my test with flying colors ... inconsistently ! my original post gave info explaining otherwise but things can change , trust me . all that said , take out is your best bet , service is super spotty . they have the oven roasted corn which i love ! if you want to try something different do n't hesitate ... lunch specials for $ 7.99 is a great time to do so !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a fantastic spot for great peruvian chicken and the assorted sides . my wife and i shared a whole chicken , plantains , grilled veggies , and a large extra side order of yuca fries . the chicken , veggies , and plantains were spot on . the yuca fries , while still tasty , were not cut from fresh yuca and instead were mashed and reconstituted yuca sticks . for that reason alone , i have to knock a star off . the service was friendly and attentive , the food was delicious , and their chicha morada drink was really great and definitely worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an excellent meal today ! chicken was wonderful ! great grilled vegetables with cheese ! service was excellent also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good sweet tea horrible everything else genaro 's was generic ! do n't get me started on the horrible server", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i could n't wait to try this place yesterday , i was just craving something different . darn , i wanted to like it so much but ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. i got one of their steak dishes which came with chimichurri sauce , white rice , spicey beans , french fries , plaintains and two fried eggs . i told them to skip the eggs and i was to get extra beans . well i dont think i barely got one helping of beans and spicey they were not . the steak was over cooked , and could n't taste any chimichurri . the plaintains were the only thing good , they were sweet , soft and fried just right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably the best peruvian restaurant in charlotte . i been to must of them , i like this one the must the causa chicken was superb ! and the lomo saltado delish ! i def recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living in a nearby neighborhood , we did n't realize this gem that has been 2 minutes from our house for the last 6 years . omg . i 'm addicted . the pork brochettes were awesome along with the black beans , cilantro rice . and the sauces were soooo good . we also got the chicken fried rice and it was really good . the tres leches was to die for . my ultra healthy calorie-conscious extreme runner husband who does n't eat desserts suggested we get an extra piece to take home . whoa . seriously good eats . i will definitely go back and make it my take-out go to place around here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the roasted chicken is pretty good but not much else is . i guess thats why there were only about 4 people there at 12:15 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the rotisserie chicken is really good , mainly because they give you amazing dipping sauces to go with it . i usually order the whole chicken , which comes with two sides . and i usually pick the cilantro rice ( very fragrant ) and plantains ( really awesome ) . an order will last me two to three meals , and it 's about $ 20 . i do wish the folks working the counter were a little more pleasant , and perhaps happy to see you when you are there . but they all seem a bit depressed and annoyed for some reason . still , i like coming here to get their rotisserie chicken dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love genaros , great chicken and the best cilantro sauce . faves are the cilantro chicken soup and saltado .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this used to be a regular place for us to get takeout . we were happy to see they now offer delivery ... however , the last 3-4 times ( each on separate days ) we 've called to place an order , noone answered the phone ( during business hours ! ) . the one time we finally got through and a guy answered , he was rushed and rude . i changed my mind and gave up on this place . the food is great , but the lack of consistency and good service is a huge deterrent . 3-star deduction . would have been 5 if they valued our patronage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stop here & try it you wo n't be sorry ! thought this was just another italian place until my sis ( very pickey weird foodie johnson & wales trained chef ) brought me there . been back 20+ times now and never a complaint . plantains are out of this world as are the other sides ( spicy beans , fried corn , yucca fries ) and the charcoal rotisserie chicken is the best in town . staff is always welcoming & friendly . go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great rotisserie chicken ! when you walk in it 's the first thing you smell and it 's very welcoming . we go there on a regular basis . the prices are good and the service is always very nice , sometime a little slow but i do n't mind . their pork and steak are really good too . definitely make sure you get the plantains and save room for their churros !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location for this restaurant is strange , but that 's the only negative thing about genaro 's ! the food is unique , genuine and absolutely delicious ! the service has always been at least great . but i really ca n't say enough good things about the food ! i think a place like this should be somewhere a little classier ( in order to capitalize ! ) but i 'm selfishly glad that they are around the corner from me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love genaros ! hands down the best pollo a la brasa in town . the yucas and fries are delicious with teh special sauces they serve . i love their lucuma dessert the most ! i can not find lucuma in charlotte very easily so it is always great to come to genaros and have some . the portions are the right size and you will not be left hungry : ) the only thing i do not like its the ceviche here . this ( to me ) its not the real ceviche- i have told them too . i hope one day they change the chef who makes this ceviche for somebody that does know how to make it.. or get the recipe from machu picchu : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing rotisserie chicken ! if you are looking for something a little different , try this place ! ! ! it is peruvian food at it 's finest ! i am not a huge avocado fan but everyone seems to rant and rave about the avacodo dish . the chicken fried rice is also another favorite that everyone in my family frequents . everyone i have brought here has come back as a regular customer . oh and did i mention the tres leche ? it is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like meat , do come here . 2 words - meat sweats ! ! ! and who does n't like fried plantains , rice , and beans ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic javier was a great server trying to explain all the dishes and answering our questions . marinated grilled chicken with cilantro rice and black beans all was very good . 1 2 rotisserie chicken was a large meal . shared alfajores and tres leches oh my so yummy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dank lunch spot that i 've been frequenting as of late . have yet to go to the park rd location , but the indian trail location is quick and to-the-point . 1 4 chicken , salad and spicy beans ? holler at me . fried yuca ? do n't mind if i do ! plus the little funny half-popped corn they put on the table as an appetizer continues to intrigue me . mystery points .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chicken here is to die for . i recommend lunch time cause the dinner service gets busy and can take a second for your food but its worth the wait . grab the platter for 2 a little bit of everything and enough for lunch the next day . cilantro rice was ok here but at the other chains its mouth watering . i will be here a lot in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of peruvian food . this place has good chicken & sauces , good appetizers and good mil hojas dessert . sides are good , yet portions are small . i wish the iced tea were better ( extremely weak ) and that the restaurant had a warmer temperature ( brrrr ) , but overall it 's a keeper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food here with their rotisserie chicken , fried yucca , plantains , cilantro rice , and the amazing sauces to go with it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of our favorite places to get takeout . their food is always delicious . best rotisserie chicken . even the white meat is tender . the flavor and the slight smokiness is top notch . the employees are always genuine and friendly . there is not a single item i 've ever ordered that i would not eat again or recommend to anyone . i 've not ever eaten in because our home is so convenient to this location , i just bring it home for the family to enjoy . you will enjoy it , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great rotisserie chicken and an amazing genaro 's tray for 2 , 4 could it off it . lot of peruvian national dishes . staff english is poor . prices are ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found genaro 's and i am certainly a fan . i ordered a half chicken , plantains and black beans . everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great . they include two different sauces - both spicy and both very flavorful . one is green and one is yellow . the atmosphere is more what i consider a `` lunch spot '' and i plan to visit for lunch , but for dinner it 's not exactly `` cozy '' . offering beer and ( a pretty acceptable ) house wine is a good plus . definitely give genaro 's a try - it 's worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch there again . food was great and tres leches dessert was super good . had the 1 2 chicken with cilantro rice and fried plantain . companion ordered the lunch special which was chicken saltado over pasta . we enjoyed our meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had to see what all the fuss was about - just call me a fuzzy wuzzie now - this place is so good . the chicken was moist and tender , ribeye was little tough even at med rare but the flavor was so good . pork you can cut with a fork . our waiter never smiled until we started a conversation about the food then he opened up and was a delight . wine list not the greatest but the chilean malbec went nicely with the seasonings on the meat . would definitely go back - extensive menu allows you flexibility and will take a while to try everything . this is a definite five star for food . oh and i think they have worked out the a c problem as it was very comfortable in the restaurant but did notice several stand along units working .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to love the main street deli . they were always pricey , but the extra cost was balanced with generous portions via the thickness of the sandwich . it was a good go to when you needed a quick lunch , or even a hurried dinner for the family . sadly over the course of the last year , things have taken a turn for the worse . menu prices have increased , and very clear cost saving measures have been put into practice . sandwiches are thinner , a lot thinner . service is less friendly and more procedural ... and do n't get me started on delivery . if i want to eat on time , i 'd better go pick it up . being a glutton for punishment , and a fool for the easy access , i continued order , hoping things would improve . the trend continued download , and i finally placed my final order when the last order came in stale bread . other local options do a much better job while providing just as good , if not better grinders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use to love this place . but since it was bought buy new owners it has n't been the same . the sandwiches are small with meat and loaded with lettuce . i though i ordered a hoggie not a salad . bread was brunt and the delivery took forever that i did n't even tip . want a good packed meat hoggie go to max 's and save your self the time and disappointment of main street", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to be a huge fan of this place when it first opened years ago , but two bad experiences in a row ruined it forever . sloppy sandwiches are one thing , but an absolute mess is another . also , if you are going to advertise something as a special , know how to make it ! the steak and cheese was advertised as a special , and when i got home and took a bite , the steak was still red in the middle ! the outside edges were brown , but the middle was entirely un cooked . i have heard they are now under new ownership and management , but i dont know that im willing to try again to see if anythings changed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service and great food . been ordering from here ever since i moved to munhall and i 've never once had a problem . staff is very kind and courteous as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fresh , i like the reuben but it 's sloppy . then again , that 's what napkins are for ! my hubby loves the italian and there must be a half pound of bacon on the blt . i am sure that if you are a sandwich eater , you would like any of these fresh , made to order subs and sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this place does n't have good reviews . it 's great ! ! everything we 've ordered has been good , and we order from here a lot . and the fried pierogies- amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great sandwiches , high quality ingredients & excellent service . the main street deli uses all boars head meats & cheeses , crisp veggies and a wide variety of fresh baked bread- it puts their sandwiches a step above most . i also have to give kudos to any restaurant in this area that boasts such tasty vegetarian choices- the portabella mushroom is delicious ! i also have enjoyed every soup that i have tried there ( the minestrone was the best though ) . the owner really pays attention to detail , and the service and food quality easily justify the slightly-steeper-than-fast-food prices ( 7.95 for a sandwich , chips , and a side or cup of soup ) . this is definitely the place to break out of your lunchtime rut- plus they deliver in the downtown area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ac went out unexpectedly on a saturday , and another company came out to diagnose the problem and told us they could n't fix it for 2-3 days because its saturday . its arizona summer so that was really terrible to hear . my husband and i called around for hours trying to find someone who could do it faster . after speaking with several companies i was dumbfounded by the lack of professionalism and by how many people that told me `` i do n't know '' , no one offered to help before monday either . fountainair found the part and came out and fixed the problem today and the gentleman that helped us was professional and courteous `` i did n't experience that from any other company today ) . also- they gave us a perfectly fair and acceptable rate without charging anything more to fix it on a saturday . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company for several years . today after coming home only to find my house was warm , i immediately called . justin came in ten minutes . he went to the attic and diagnosed the problem and replaced the blower motor . in about an hour my house was cooling once again . speedy service with a smile . i trust fountain air .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a c blower motor went out yesterday evening , they were able to make it out this morning . up and running a couple hours later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our a c was blowing warm air last night , the sunday before memorial day 2017 . called corey at fountain air at 8am on memorial day and he was at our house ready to look at our unit at 9:15am the very same day . turns out the capacitor was bad and he replaced it for $ 1 per microferret with an inexpensive service fee . also checked out our second unit just to make sure it was in order which it was . no upselling . no holiday fees . just plain excellent service . to top it off he was in the marines stationed in my hometown ! thank god for men of integrity in this world ! he 's got our service for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can not say enough about this awesome company . as a real estate agent i often get calls for referrals when people have urgent needs for a vendor . cory has helped about many clients late st night , weekend and even memorial day . no gouging , no call be back during business hours , he just gets there asap and gets it done at great prices ! my whole family uses fountain air and will continue to ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most disgusting hotel i 've ever experienced . blood stains on carpet , mildew and mold everywhere , short and curly hairs on pillows and beds . looks to be a haven for drug dealers and prostitutes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not stay . no in room wi-fi you have to go to the lobby , no shower handle , non-smoking room smells like smoke and mildew . morning breakfast ( counter dirty , container where bagels and muffins were in had gnats ) . not a good place to stay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting ! ! ! the carpets were damp and so dirty ! bugs on the bathroom floor . no ashtray in a smoking room so i went to the desk and asked for one she said they do n't have any . wifi did not work . i finally called customer service and after being on hold for 30 minutes they told me someone would contact me in a week ! ! we left 1 hour after checking in ! we could n't take the filth and smell ! of course no refund ! ! what a waste of $ 70 ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst ever ! this building should be condemned , filth , no working tv , stay away . if you do choose to stay you will be putting yourself at great risk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i planned to stay here for one night because i needed a room to can do my work and go to the airport the next morning.the only weird thing about my room was that the coffee cup for the coffee machine had a crack in it so my coffee leaked while brewing . the staff are friendly and they said they will replace the coffee cup . they offer airport shuttle services and even rent the parking space if you need to drop off your car and go to the airport and return after your trip . they would offer the trip to the airport for free . i found out it 's actually cheaper to do that than leave your car at the airport !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is beyond disgusting . everything wreaks of smoke , all carpets and fabric are stained with goodness knows what and everything is just gross . the one thing i will say is that the staff has been extremely nice . no amount of friendliness ( or sanitizer ) would get me back here though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was my worst nightmare . i arrived around 1 in the morning and there were creepy dudes hanging out all over the place . the front desk guy was rude . i had a non smoking room that smelled like an ashtray . this place is a bonafied bunghole of terror . i did n't even take my dog for a walk after i arrived because there were so many creeps lurking about . stay away ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible , filthy and depressing . bed , carpet and curtains are absolutely disgusting , they had all sorts of stains and marks . yuck . i had to buy an aerosol disinfectant just so i could feel comfortable . there were spiders in the room . hallways and walls are extremely dirty . poor , poor management . do not stay here ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i read all the yelp reviews and thought the hotel would be alright , it was n't the drapes were hanging off the curtain rod and the room smelled . i could live with that , but i requested a 4:45am wake up call and set the alarm . i woke up one hour before my flight never receiving the call and the alarm did not work . after racing to the front desk to catch the shuttle , i was informed that the shuttle driver was at home depot , not kidding . the front desk clerk did not care that i did n't get the scheduled wake up call and did n't apologize . i made the flight , i was the last one on the plane . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when we arrived for a reservation we had made a couple months prior , there was a woman at the front desk who informed us the entire hotel was closed . apparently , there were rotted floor boards in a third-floor room which someone had actually fallen through and gotten hurt . obviously , we were never informed . to be fair , we booked through hotels.com and it was their responsibility to inform us . but , they acted like they had never been told about the situation in order to inform their customers . i can say that once we did tell hotels.com , the hotel was removed from the search listing within seconds . one way or the other , it was a bad situation and a hotel which would allow their floors to rot long enough that someone fell through is not a place i want to stay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had one of the newly renovated rooms so my experience may have been different than the other reviews , but the room was nice , clean and quiet . just what i needed after a canceled flight . and for the price to really ca n't do better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an underrated gem ! although the room we initially checked into had not been cleaned , the friendly and competent staff did upgrade us to a better room with a nice view of the algae-lined swimming pool . while our new room was not the cleanest , i did enjoy a decent night 's sleep . ca n't say i 'll likely return , but hard to argue with the $ 60 a night price tag . indeed this hojo may be the least expensive mainstream hotel in the cleveland area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please stay away from this hotel ! ! ! the building is falling apart looks like it should be condemned , stains all over the carpets and the rooms have horrible smells also very sketchy people hanging around the hotel all day long . staying here was my biggest regret ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i want to marry the bourbon sours here . the staff is super friendly , the vibe is warm , and i can knock back those sours as if it 's my last night on earth . i might even spend my last night on earth here , if it came down to it . that 's how good those sours are . god . having a shitty monday ? go to the 1602 , have a few drinks , go to bed , wake up the next day feeling like you can take on the world . that 's what happened to me , i am being so effective and purposeful at work today ! the reason ? the bourbon sours . yes yes ya 'll , i said it , i meant it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pulling into this bar is like pulling into a sweater . mutually tired and stressed , i pinned this joint on yelp and told my boyfriend to meet me here en route home . ( thank you , yelp . ) it 's dimly lit , with a back wall chalkboard of `` personal '' `` messages '' , fitted with cozy couches and bistro deuce tables , staffed by friendly bartenders , and filled with music you can have conversations over fantastic selection of bourbon and ... mezcal at decent prices ? ! in the running for my favourite westside bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best whiskey selections in the city . great vibe . elliot is a stand up guy who knows his craft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've stopped in a couple times now and admittedly at first was n't sure what to think . they did n't have beer on tap - despite having taps . the bartender said he did n't know if they 'd get them back . so i settled in with a tall boy and realized the place was super dark and atmosphere was lacking so did n't come back again . imagine when to my surprise when walking by and now a sign said they had a patio out back that i 'd never known about . so i walk in and happily find a few decent craft brews on tap , reasonably priced at $ 7 . i indulged in a couple of those and sat on one of their brightly painted picnic tables out on their back patio . my opinion went from a debated 2 star opinion to a perfectly passable 3 stars , maybe bordering into a 4th star as my future visits increase . but for now , i 'll still give it the a-ok seal of approval .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a cozy spot to grab a drink , or 2 ... or 3 ! you can easily walk past this place if you were n't paying attention . the atmosphere was dark , cozy and romantic , and a bit hipster of course ! no drink menu , no frills kind of place . just tell the bartender what kind drink you want , tons of bourbon and scotch on the wall . based on previous yelp reviews , i went with a bourbon sour , it really was delicious ! ! for my second drink i asked the bartend to make me a grapefruit based drink and it was delicious , perfect balance of tangy , bitterness and could definitely taste the bourbon . very good ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my absolute favourite bourbon place in the city ... bourbon selection is second to none ! place comes with no attitude , is fairly dark but friendly , and tunes are always fairly good for the must part ... free wifi , which is something of a hit n miss in this city , which constantly baffles me be warned they only take cash now , again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very chill spot to hang out in . bar space and couches with a few scattered chairs . low lighting . nice bartender .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bar totally rocks ! the staff are terrific . its a friendly , chill atmosphere , with a great selection of whiskey scotches . you go for one drink , end up having 5 and making a new friend : ) i went with my friend kevin and we had a blast . it 's good to support awesome local places . it 's what gives toronto it 's charm . well that and all the homeless ppl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local with craft beer and awesome whiskey selection . bigger than most bars in the area , just past the way too busy ossington strip and you do n't have to wait in line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for drinks with a friend tonight . she saw it talked about online and we were bored . apparently it does n't have a real name . there is no sign or anything . the name thing seems to me to be trying too hard , but whatever . the interior looks totally cool . the bartender was friendly . the tall cans were $ 4.50 . it had a crowd but not the packed-unable-to-move vibe of other places nearby on ossington and area . it also was n't disgustingly `` hipster '' ( ugh i hate that word ) . i 'll definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the whiskey list here and the cozy vibe . it airs on the side of hipster bar but just shy of the douchbagery that hipsters bring . this is one of my favorite laid back bars where you can just have some scotch neat and enjoy the unpretentious atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smelled like hangover urine . was too dark . too cool for a sign , but maybe good for rapist client\u00e8le . i 'll let them frequent this place instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walked in , the bar tender acknowledge us , treated us with respect , served us quality drinks at a great price , asked if we were driving ( were n't ) and gave two shots on the house . i do n't ask for anything more than a good feeling after i pay and leave . i 'll be back for the old fashion", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . exactly as other reviewers mention . not a very large beer selection though . there 's just 2 taps , and a handful of tallboy options . no food either - but you can eat right next door at bivy ( http : www.yelp.com biz bivy-toronto ) . i 'm told you come here for whiskey . still have to try something other than beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wer mit den \u00f6ffis kommt , der muss eine kleine bergwanderung machen . der 1 . blick vom lokal ist eher abschreckend , da ziemlich viel ger\u00fcmpel herum liegt . doch wenn man drinnen ist , wird man sicher von der besonderen speisekarten \u00fcberrascht . die getr\u00e4nke gibt es auch in den gro\u00dfen von 1 liter und 3 liter . ein schnitzel f\u00fcr 2 ist z.b . 1,2 kg schwer . es gibt hier die verschiedensten schnitzeln . ich habe mich f\u00fcr das pizzaschnitzel entschieden , da ich etwas besonderes wollte . es wird mit champions , salami und \u00fcberbackenen k\u00e4se serviert . mit den 2 riesenschnitzel , sollte danach keiner mehr hungrig bleiben . mir hat das schnitzel gut geschmeckt , allerdings war die portion viel zu gro\u00df : ) als nachspeise wird gern ein eis mit 60 kugeln serviert . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "war im letzte jahr mehrmals beim otto in wangen . ich war jedes ma ( h ) l angetan : freundlich , lecker , gem\u00fctlich , auch mein vierbeiner war willkommen . warum also nur vier punkte ? ich erh\u00f6he auf f\u00fcnf ... : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das riesenschnitzel war von mangelhafter qualit\u00e4t , die so\u00dfe so dick das es eher pudding glich und die pommes waren ok. also wer es mag und nur auf gro\u00dfe portionen steht und nicht auf geschmack , der wird hier gl\u00fccklich f\u00fcr mich war einmal genug .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir waren heute mein freund und ich beim onkel otto , nach \u00fcber 20 jahren . leider haben wir auf anhieb das lokal nicht mehr gefunden . das essen , wir hatten linsen und sp\u00e4tzle und lauchsp\u00e4tzle \u00fcberbacken mit k\u00e4se und salat , hatte uns beides nicht all zu gut geschmeckt , war fad . die salatbar war nicht sauber und sch\u00f6n hergerichtet . es war einfach eine massenabfertigung . zum schluss war ich noch auf der damentoilette , die hatte mal ausgesehen , \u00fcberall t\u00fccher auf dem boden gelegen , es war sehr eckelig . f\u00fcr mich hatte ich beschlossen , das lokal nicht mehr zu besuchen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "die xxl-schnitzel essen wir immer wieder gerne nach einer ausgiebigen wandertour und wenn wir sie nicht schaffen , dann wird eingepackt und beim reste-essen erinnert man sich gerne an den aufenthalt beim onkel otto . kein kulinarischer h\u00f6hepunkt auf der wangener h\u00f6he in stuttgart-ost - aber dies wei\u00df jede r , die der hier zum essen kommt . oder nicht ? der biergarten ist ok , die preise moderat , kinder k\u00f6nnen spielen und bei meinem letzten besuch waren sehr freundliche service ( ! ) menschen im einsatz .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren mit 17 mann am start und haben ein gutes angebot erhalten . f\u00fcr 8,90 eur pro person haben wir je person zwei tellergro\u00dfe schnitzel erhalten . endlos beilagen ( pommes , country potatoes und sp\u00e4tzle ) und drei verschiedene t\u00f6pfe mit so\u00dfen , die auch immer nachgef\u00fcllt wurden , gab es mit dazu . wir wurden seeeehr satt und es hat prima geschmeckt . preis leistung top ! ! ! am ende wurden wir gefragt , wer noch ein schnaps m\u00f6chte . haben aber gedacht , dass es aufs haus ging , was leider nicht der fall war . dieser laden ist aber nicht ganz einfach zu finden , man muss n\u00e4mlich in eine enge stra\u00dfe , nur f\u00fcr anwohner , einfahren damit man diesen laden erreichen kann . im gro\u00dfen und ganzen sehr empfehlenswert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wer gro\u00dfen hunger hat und und lust auf ein \u00fcberragendes zartes schnitzel hat , ist hier genau richtig ! die atmosph\u00e4re ist typisch f\u00fcr einen normalen deutschen biergarten in gr\u00fcner umgebung . inklusive das aufrufen von essen und self service . das schnitzel wiener art ist sehr gut gelungen und f\u00fcr die portion ist der preis absolut fair ! die pommes als beilage verdienen hingegen kein besondere erw\u00e4hnung . sie sind eher durchschnittlich , weswegen man den fokus definitiv auf das schnitzel legen sollte . zum schnitzel k\u00f6nnen noch getr\u00e4nke in xxl mengen ( bis 3l ) bestellt werden .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das mit den parkpl\u00e4tzen ist wirklich nicht gut gel\u00f6st ! ! ! es gibt zu wenig und wenn man nicht fr\u00fch genug dort ist kann man seeeeeehr weit laufen bis man am waldrand eine ausbuchtung findet . die location im innern ist sehr bieder . au\u00dfen scheint es im sommer bestimmt urgem\u00fctlich zu sein . werde es im sommer bestimmt mal beim onkel otto versuchen . das essen - die schnitzel - sind sehr lecker ... .. aber viel zu gro\u00df . die beilagen fand ich , die pommes ausgenommen , nicht gut . das preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis stimmt auf alle f\u00e4lle ! ! ! es war mein erster besuch in einem xxl-schnitzel-laden . ich lass mir dann wieder zeit bis zum n\u00e4chsten besuch einer solchen location . ; - ) )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "also wenn man den ehrgeiz hat , drei tage zu fasten und sich dann mal wirklich vollzustopfen , ist man mit diesen portionen gut bedient - wenn man nicht allzu gro\u00dfen wert auf qualit\u00e4t und service legt . f\u00fcr das was man bekommt , ist aber der preis angemessen . wir gehen lieber hin , um etwas zu trinken und die sch\u00f6ne , sch\u00f6ne aussicht zu genie\u00dfen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "also wenn man wei\u00df , dass parken so ne sache ist - und wenn man wei\u00df , dass die nummer zum abholen des essens durch eine kr\u00e4chzende lautsprecherstimme verk\u00fcndet wird und man kein gourmetessen erwartet , sondern ordentlich schnitzel , dann ist man hier absolut richtig ! kult !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "der onkel otto hat ja schon eine lange tradition in stuttgart und auch wir waren schon des \u00f6fteren dort . aber mittlerweile merkt man doch die `` massenabvertigung '' ... solange man sich auf die einfachen schnitzel beschr\u00e4nkt ( bei uns in der clique ist die grosse platte immer wieder ein spass ! ) , ist alles super - doch alles andere ist leider ( unter- ) durchschnittlich ... ps : und von der besch parksituation schweigen wir mal ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein sehr schmaler , nicht gut ausgebauter , weg f\u00fchrt in die total abgelegene lokation . parkplatzsituation : eine katastrophe biergarten : es war noch zu kalt um drau\u00dfen zu sitzen , allerdings sieht es ganz nett aus . gastst\u00e4tte : erinnert mich an ein altes vereinsheim . naja : - ) ziemlich junges publikum dort . xxl-essen : riesen portionen , wobei man da sagen muss , preis-leistung passt . aber gutes essen geht anders : - ) war trotz alle dem ein netter abend dort", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir waren zu sechst im onkel otto . ist etwas schwierig zu finden , hat aber eine sch\u00f6ne lage . bestellung und abholung ist etwas ungewohnt , klappt aber problemlos . wir haben max . 15 minuten auf unsere essen gewartet . qualit\u00e4t war gut ( putenschnitzel ist sehr zu empfehlen ) . einzig die sossen k\u00f6nnten mit etwas mehr liebe und weniger packung zubereitet werden . die schnitzelgr\u00f6\u00dfe passt genau ; - ) . so erwarte ich das in einem xxl-restaurant . und wenn dann 6 leute f\u00fcr 80 eur essen und trinken k\u00f6nnen , dann passt der preis auch . der biergarten ist dar\u00fcber hinaus sehr sch\u00f6n gelegen und f\u00fcr kinder gibt es einen spielplatz .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ha des isch en klassigger aus mainer jungend - essen stimm i zu nemme sbeschde aber s ambiende z\u00e4hld doch au wie die sprich ufm gloo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so eine richtige gartenwirtschaft halt . anfangen tut es in der tat mit einer parkplatz suche , die zeitweilig und nervig sein kann . f\u00fcr alle , die sonst gerne im restaurant parken , ist das ein absoluter graus . wenn man den besuch aber mit einem kleinen spaziergang am waldrand beginnen m\u00f6chte , v\u00f6llig in ordnung . hier treffen sich wanderer , radfahrer , familien und ... eigendlich ist hier alles vertreten . sobald man dann einen platz ergattert hat , stellt man sich in eine schlange um sein essen trinken zu ordern . man bekommt dann eine nummer und wird wie bei der kfz zulassungsstelle aufgerufen . wir sind dort ab und zu um nach einem spaziergang etwas zu trinken . das kann man meines erachtens auch gut und nach biergartenwirtschaftsmanier tun . zum essen allerdings w\u00fcrde ich das onkel otto nicht gezielt ansteuern . die schnitzel sind riesig und auch gut . kommen gerne wieder", "score": "3"}
{"review": "riesen schnitzel gute preise und die `` s\u00e4ttigungsgarantie '' : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was ist nur aus dem ehemaligen tollen ausflugslokal gemacht worden ? es ist erb\u00e4rmlich mit anzusehen , wie alles verdreckt und verkommt . man gibt sich keine m\u00fche , die toiletten sind verdreckt , das essen lauwarm und teilweise ungeniesbar . schade , schade um dieses sch\u00f6ne fleckchen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vom hocker gehauen hat es uns nicht . bedienung nett , aber auch innen selbstbedienung und das schnitzel war in der mitte nicht ganz durch . von zazenhausen lohnt der weg nicht . da fahren wir lieber in die nachbarschaft . da ist es zwar 1bis2 euro teurer aber daf\u00fcr wird man auch bedient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "f\u00fcnf sterne f\u00fcr die schnitzel und die freundliche kassiererin aber ansonsten ist hier fressen angesagt . der biergarten ist sehr sch\u00f6n aber die g\u00e4ste zu 90 % \u00fcbergewichtig und nicht sch\u00f6n beim essen zu beobachten . wirklich sehr schade um die tolle lage aber mit massenabfertigung l\u00e4sst sich kein geld verdienen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always a good stop for some hearty food . the staff is very helpful to us non-german speakers ! english menus too and reasonable prices for huge portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! wer soll das alles essen ? das waren die ersten gedanken , die ich hatte , als ich diese schnitzel sah . die kinderschnitzel sind fast so gro\u00df wie ein kind ; ) und sehr lecker . absolut empfehlenswert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "also wir waren zum letzten mal dort . wir haben 45 minuten auf einen parkplatz gewartet , dann mussten wir drinnen nochmal 20 minuten stehen , obwohl wir reserviert hatten und trotz des fehlenden parkplatzes p\u00fcnktlich waren . personal : der kellner war sehr freundlich , die kellnerin daf\u00fcr \u00fcberhaupt nicht . das schnitzel war ok , die beilagen haben aber alles kaputt gemacht , komische rahmso\u00dfe mit komischen pommes . die ketchupflasche am tisch war wohl auch nicht mehr die neueste . schade , wir sind echt mit gro\u00dfen erwartungen hingegangen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ein prima au\u00dfenbereich . mit lauben , nischen , pflanzen , brunnen , usw . es stellt sich sofort eine wohlf\u00fchlstimmung ein . getr\u00e4nke und essen m\u00fcssen am tresenbestellt , bezahlt und abgeholt werden . alles kein problem . das essen gut und reichhaltig . das salatbufett ist allerdings sehr primitiv . die chilis schmecken s\u00fc\u00df-sauer statt scharf , und der kartoffelsalat ist der schlechteste , den ich je gegessen habe : fad , eiskalt , ohne zwiebel , ohne fleischbr\u00fche , ohne \u00f6l . naja , schwamm dr\u00fcber , der rest ist ja vollkommen in ordnung .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr sehr gro\u00df und sehr sehr lecker . ich esse ja echt gerne und auch gerne viel . aber bei den portionen werde selbst ich sehr schnell satt . 2 schnitzel plus handgez\u00e4hlte 20 ( ! ) kroketten . wer soll das alles essen ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nat\u00fcrlich 5 sterne f\u00fcr das riesen schnitzel ! das beste , was man an einem sommerabend machen kann ! ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "also wir waren gestern dort da war schnitzel tag hat sehr gut geschmeckt aber leider war das selbstbedienung das war nicht sch\u00f6n . besser ist wenn man mit auto da hoch f\u00e4hrt zu fuss war es wie wandern .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im sommer einfach ein genialer biergarten in genialer lage . das ist war hier schon immer gigantisch . anreise bei sch\u00f6nem wetter zu fu\u00df oder mit dem fahrrad . auto auch m\u00f6glich , am wochenende beschr\u00e4nkte parkm\u00f6glichkeiten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die location ist der hammer - einfach kult . schon fr\u00fcher so manchen abend hier verbacht . essen hat aber stark nachgelassen - das war mal besser . trotzdem eine institution und absolut kult .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "haben heute zum zweiten und letzen mal dort gegessen . die grossen portionen teilen wir uns immer , welche qualit\u00e4t dort erwartet werden kann ist ja bekannt . soweit o.k . waren gerade in der n\u00e4he und hatten hunger . wir waren in den abendstunden dort und der biergarten war schon sehr \u00fcbersichtlich , mussten allerdings \u00fcber eine stunde auf ein ( ! ) schnitzel warten . habe den menschen hinterm tresen darauf angesprochen , angeblich der chef vom laden . derart \u00fcbel bin ich noch nicht angegangen worden . wo ich das essen stehen lassen wollte und mein geld zur\u00fcck verlangte , hat er doch echt watschen angedroht bis ich rausfliege . unterste schublade .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wer wirklich supergrosse und auch leckere schnitzel in stuttgart und umgebung essen m\u00f6chte , ist hier bestens aufgehoben ! ich gehe gerne zum onkel , und es war bis jetzt jedesmal super ! die preise sind fair , und im sommer drausen im grossen biergarten zu sitzen , zu essen , zu trinken , ist einfach genial ! wer in der n\u00e4he mal ist , sollte unbedingt mal hingehen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vom h\u00f6rensagen her kannten wir den biergarten , aber er liegt ja schon etwas abseits , um spontan oder mit dem \u00f6pnv vorbeizuschauen . doch erst mal gefunden , gabs gen\u00fcgend freie tische . wir hatten zudem noch gl\u00fcck , denn montag ist schnitzel-all-you-can-eat f\u00fcr 10\u20ac . an der theke essen bezahlt erklang schon kurz darauf unsere nummer \u00fcber den lautsprecher . die zwei schnitzel je platte , \u00e4h , teller waren riesig und wir hatten echt gro\u00dfe m\u00fche , so dass aus dem ayce nix wurde ... geschmacklich wars voll in ordnung , ist echt ne weiterempfehlung wert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "also ich kann nur sagen : nie wieder ! sonntag 01.08.2010 viele leute und tolle gartenkneipe ... ... ... ... ..aber das essen unter aller kanone . altes ranziges fett , meine pommes zum wegwerfen . das schnitzel riesengro\u00df und m\u00e4chtig mies , schmeckt alles nach paniermehl : masse statt klasse . geht lieber zum hansi in die post nach zuffenhausen -- -das sind die leute super und das essen hervorragend . nie wieder kann ich nur sagen ... ..schade um das geld das wir dort gelassen haben . gr\u00fc\u00dfle michaela", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is aka river mountain loop trail so check more reviews for that . the trail deserves the extra recognition ! be prepared to meet your highest challenge on the famous `` three sisters '' hill sequence as it is steep and long in rapid succession . both the `` sisters '' and the views are breathtaking ! the loop is scenic and variable . occasionally , desert big horn sheep can be seen from the trail . start at sunrise in the summer and take plenty of water and an emergency tire repair kit . a flat on a remote section of this trail would not be fun without a spare . during cycling season the trail gets pretty busy on the weekends so i prefer the safety of weekday riding . be in decent shape before you attempt the entire loop ; i suggest training on sections until you have done each segment and know what to expect before you set out to do the entire challenge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coupon policy changes every time i go in . sometimes they accept the ones from my smart phone , othertimes not . they store is always messy . boxes everywhere , shelves messy . always low staffed , and most staff does n't know where things are in the store if i 'm looking for something specific .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have n't been to this michaels in a few years after having a less than stellar experience . i stopped back in a few days ago because i did n't feel like navigating hobby lobby and only needed a few things . i was pleasantly surprised to see the store had a fun new seasonal section and that the other sections had new overhanging signs . the store was cleaner than i remember , and the customer service was much better . a girl named candace cashed us out , and she was very pleasant . she even humored my sister 's boyfriend when he was quizzing her about primary colors . it 's been a while since i 've been in , but it seems like michaels is making a come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could rate them any lower i would . disgusting , filthy , cramped store . add in a ladder blocking every other aisle and you have found yourself in the hell hole that is michael 's . the employees were not helpful and just walked in the opposite direction when asked a question . this place should just give up and close it 's doors .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome service at this location , i came in the evening on a thursday if that makes a difference in the service some have reported . they sold me their halloween town displays at a discount and threw in a free light kit ! i could honestly spend hours in here looking at supplies for art projects , it 's usually not very busy at all . sign up for the email coupons or look them up online . they should take them right off of your smartphone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a michael 's customer for many years , and have always prefer michael 's over joanns . i like michaels because they have a great selection , offer many crafts for children , have their $ 1 items , great sales , and i can always find what i need there . however , i only give michael 's 4 stars because their customer service is disappointing . in all of my visits , and i shop there at least 1-2 times per month , i have never been greeted , smiled at , asked if i needed help , asked if i found everything okay , or thanked . on the rare occassion that i need assistance , the employees act bothered by my asking for their help . they always seem to be very unhappy and robotic . joanns is no better , so i have to wonder if crafty people who work at craft stores are just cranky , boring people . 5 stars for michaels if they work and improve their customer service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very bad customer service . the manager asks their inexperienced clerks to help with framing when they have not had proper training . the other clerks are rude and unhelpful in trying to fix problems created by the inexperienced staff - making it the customer problem . the manager is not interested in solving the problem - only putting it back on the customer . take your money elsewhere or expect a major headache in dealing with this staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh how i wish i could give more stars ! ! this location is conveniently located to my house . but beyond that i ca n't say much more . nobody ever greets you or asks if you need help . when you find someone to ask nobody and i mean nobody knows where anything is . their answer is always oh well.. i think we might have that over that way . ( pointing to a non general area ) . they never have anything that you see advertised and if they do it 's in limited quantities . also i asked when they 'll receive their next store delivery and they did n't know ... seriously ? ! i 've worked retail . i absolutely knew my delivery schedule and was more than happy to tell guests when to check back . might have to check out a different location or start using online craft sites .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like the chain , but the staff at this location are horrible . very busy , which i get , but when i asked for help to unlock spray paint , i get barked at how busy they are and i 'll have to wait . felt like i was chastised for asking for help . i 'll try another location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped to get 2 things ... and i walked out with a new craft idea ( getting back to oil painting and dabbling ) . so~ super excited and most of what ai bought was on sale . laura the cashier was noticeably friendly and helpful . i 've never painted on black canvas.. nor have i used the speed drying product either . we 'll see : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love reesor 's farmer market but unfortunately it is only opens from june to fall , but luckily reesor also operates reesor 's market & bakery on main street stouffville which is opens year round ! the smell of freshly baked goods really hit you the moment you walked in but in a good way . cookies , muffins , cakes , breads all baked in house ... reesor 's also carries produces from bakeries , chocolatier ( charlinda ) , coffee roaster ( velvet sunrise ) in the neighbourhood and ontario . definitely worth checking out if you are in the neighbourhood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freshly baked bread , muffins , pies ... we usually go to the bakery on stouffville rd . my hubby loves their lies , kinda pricy $ 12 for a pie but worth it for a treat . they also have a good selections of jams , spreads , and sauces", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this little place . they always have the freshest produce . i usually buy a muffin or one of their healthy and yummy salads . probably the best muffins i 've ever had - crispy tops , jam packed with flavour bottoms . quinoa salad and lentil salad - both amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great friendly service ! they have nice quick healthy lunches you can grab and go , as well as fresh baked goods . in the summer they have a few plants you can buy as well as fresh cut flowers . prices are very reasonable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a few days ago i had a very pleasant introduction to the bonefish grill while dining with diane and friends , beginning with excellent complimentary freshly baked bread and butter , along with zesty maryland crab cakes dipped in red remoulade sauce . these openers were soon followed by a good cup of corn chowder & lump crab soup . next up for me was a bonefish house salad adorned with pinenuts and grape tomatoes , and covered by a really good citrus vinaigrette dressing . and , to end on a high note i was presented with a moist and mouth-watering hunk of wood-grilled chilean sea bass bathed in lemon butter sauce and accompanied by really good au gratin potatoes and very good squash . i ordered the large portion , which was more filling than it looked , and provided me with complete gustatory satisfaction . service by krista h. was fine and responsive . diane quickly received requested lemon butter sauce for her parmesan trout , and i was delivered more butter for the tasty bread . 4-1 2 stars overall ! i will surely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got to try out bonefish grill recently in vegas because of a gift certificate . it was my first time ever to visit bonefish grill and learned that everything they grill is on a oak wood grill . overall the menu is pretty healthy . for most of the entrees you choose your protein and two sides . i chose to get lily 's chicken which comes with grilled chicken topped with goat cheese , spinach , artichoke hearts and lemon basil sauce . for my sides , i got mashed potatoes and spinach . overall the meal was ok . the addition of the goat cheese gave a unique flavoring to the chicken as well as the addition of the artichoke hearts . i could n't really taste the lemon basil sauce . it really was healthy meal with decent portions . atmosphere wise this restaurant had dim lighting , was quiet and intimate . it was did n't have a vegas like feel at all which i found to be nice . it was a good place for a small dinner and conversation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there was n't anything particularly good or bad about our lunch . we had the bang bang shrimp as an appetizer . it was quite tasty . lunch for me was the fish tacos ... they were okay ... . a lot of mango salsa and not a lot of fish . the home made chips served with the tacos were good . my husband had the red snapper from their specials . he said it was okay , not really good , not really bad . i wish i had a more exciting review to write , but truthfully as boring as this review is ... .. that is just how boring our lunch was .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is awful ! i would rate it as a seafood `` denny 's '' the calamari chewy and greasy . the bass was undercooked , the spaghetti squash was overcooked and like a heap of mush that was served with the bass . i would not recommend this place . the service was also terrible the servers never have eye contact when they are taking your order too busy putting your order in on a ipad . hopefully they will get it together . unfortunately i nor my family will ever return ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update for sunday brunch . rolled in around 10:30am shortly after they opened , and there were only 3 ladies inside at a table . you know what that means ... ... fast and efficient service . my waiter mike was great . ordered the cream brulee french toast that comes with two slices of applewood smoked bacon , and strawberries with whipped cream . the french toast was delicious with a hint of vanilla and the crunchy sugar coating . i only drank iced tea because of my semi-hangover , but they have unlimited mimosas and other cocktails available for a good price . i think they do a nice brunch here , i 'm surprised it was a little slow . a couple large groups came in while i was dining . give it a try and see if you can find something good for breakfast . i 'm thinking bang bang shrimp benedict next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on a saturday night and sat at one of the tables in the bar area . it was busy but not packed . service was very slow . our waiter said he would fill up our water and we did n't see him for 20 minutes . we then asked two other servers to fill up our water and the second apologized for having to wait . we started with the bang bang shrimp which was very good and came out pretty fast . our meals took forever to come out and once they did , they were lukewarm . we ordered the chicken and an 8 oz filet . unfortunately , i do n't think we would come back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the minute we walked into this place at 8pm on a friday night and it was practically empty , we knew we should 've left and gone somewhere else.. but we decided to stick it out . ordered an appetizer ( bang bang shrimp- -only so so ) and had brought two bottles of our own . we were immediately told of the $ 10 cork fee per bottle- somewhat ridiculous and tells me they take themselves far more serious than they should . then the waitress said she still had to card us- bad vibe came from her from the moment we sat down . food was sub par at best . mahi mahi was decent but nothing to write home about . the crab was smelly from the moment it got placed on our table . we made it clear that the crab did not taste nor smell well and that we would not be eating it- nothing was done . will not be returning . wish we would 've gone with our instincts and left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i tried the corn chowder soup with lump crab , caesar salad , and the fish of the day with fries . this was my first time here so i did n't know what to expect . i was n't thrilled about any of the dishes . soup was ok , nothing i would go out of my way for . the caesar salad was pretty tasteless . i did n't finish my salad because it was n't good at all . the fries were overcooked and dried out as if they reheated old fries . the fish of the day was cooked nicely but too much seasoning for my taste . i wo n't be itching anytime soon to return back here . the service was good . the manager checked up on us and the decor is modern and clean . just wish the food was better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came with friends for their brunch . i ordered the eggs benedict but substituted avocado for the ham . the dish came with a broken hollandaise sauce , brown avocado , and eggs over poached . to be fair , they were able to put an english muffin in the toaster and toast it , but otherwise , they failed in every aspect of the meal . if you 're a chef and your emulsion breaks , you can start a fresh batch or try to re-emulsify the sauce . but what you can not do , if you have any standards , is simply pour a broken chunky sauce over the dish and send it out . because the assumption is either i am too stupid to know what you are doing or you just could n't care less about what you serve to your customers . for twenty dollars for a meal , you damn well better make a hollandaise sauce right and if you ca n't , an apology and correction better be forthcoming .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was our second time here . i ordered the shrimp pad thai and husband the tuna steak . we told our server i ca n't have too much heat so please tell the chef to go easy . my husband ordered his tuna medium rare . his came out well done and mine had so much spice in it i could not eat it . called server over to take my dish back and then the hostess came over to tell me the sauce is pre-made . really . why did n't the server tell me that to begin with and then she said its not hot enough for her and she adds more spice to it . bottom line we will will not going back . too many other great restaurants to go to in this area . save your money people ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the larger piece of chilean sea bass but was surprised at how small ... liked the ceasar salad , the mashed potatoes were powdered much to my horror ... for this price should all be fresh ! ! lovely decor but not sure if will be back ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the waiter surely knew the menu inside and out . crazy how they send your orders in from the table , so your drinks could actually be ready by the time you listen to the daily special spill . the good cam in reasonable time ; i 'm always cautious when your plate shows up 5 minutes after you 've ordered , yet i do n't want the 25 minute delay as well . the food was good ; full of flavor my wife thought her dish was a little to flavor . we will surely be going back to try additional entrees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the good : the appetizers were good ( crabcakes , calamari and potstickers ) entree quality was also very good . decent selection of desserts . the bad : i have to agree with another reviewer that the ipads take away from the ordering experience . it took the waiter almost 10 minutes to take an order for seven people . overall i give this a solid 4 stars . i will come back the next time i am in the mood for seafood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . .shrimp and scallops were seasoned lightly but well . steaks are great cuts and the au gratin potatoes are like a good mac n cheese and loved the cucumber margarita . definitely come back . and mandy at the bar was great and helpful ! soft opening success ! corn and peas as the side were weak but everything else was top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only comment on their brunch menu , but it 's fantastic . $ 20 for bottomless mimoa , bellini , or bloody mary + entree . got the burger and it was fantastic . chef came out to check on our dining experience ( restaurant was not busy ) . new find , but it 's already one of my favorite brunch spots in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when did couscous become a seasonal vegetable ? the menu indicates that a fresh seasonal vegetable is served with entrees , and couscous is what we got . was not expecting that , would not have ordered garlic mashed potatoes if we knew . salads were served and before we had a chance to get halfway through them the waiters were trying to stuff the entrees on the table ( the entrees did n't fit and one of our group who refused the entr\u00e9e until she finished her salad then had to wait and wait and wait to get her entr\u00e9e back ) . my mahi mahi was not moist at all , a seafood joint should be able to cook seafood properly , especially when they rush the entrees out before the salads are done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm guessing the reason the staff are in chef jackets is because there is not a chef in the kitchen . this place could be a lot better , but if the management does n't get out of the back room and help the staff out they are in trouble . and for the food either the person in charge in the kitchen do n't care or they do n't know how to execute good food . a little pride in what you do gose a long way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "having eaten at their other locations we were looking forward to having a bonefish grille closer to our home . we both ordered the grilled scallops and shrimp . the scallops were as good as possible . i want to go back and eat more scallops . the accompanying vegetables were also quite good . getting the scallops and vegetables so right is worth five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for lunch and got the lunch special which included 2 tacos ( you have a choice of protein ) with bang bang shrimp , and corn chowder with crab . the soup was rich and delicious with generous pieces of crab . the tortillas were a little tough but the shrimp was perfectly cooked and seasoned . i really liked the ambiance of the restaurant . i liked the service even more !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came for happy hour . it was relaxing and enjoyable . the happy hour drink prices are very reasonable and the bartenders , brandy brenda and brian were very personable and efficient . there is a very limited happy food menu but the blue cheese kettle chips were amazing ! and the ceviche was very good . the decor is beautiful and the ambiance very nice . brian was able to create a drink for my husband , even going to the kitchen for ingredients for it . it is a must go to in summerlin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say this place is amazing , this was the second time my family and i went . this was a special occasion for us , as we were celebrating my mothers birthday . she was craving the stuffed tilapia , which by the way is amazing , but it was not on the menu for today . we asked the waiter jon if he could ask if we could order that item , and he was kind enough to ask . the chef was more than willing to accommodate our order in . jon , was on top of everything . not once , was our glasses empty , and he came around constantly to check on us . not everyone is quick to write a positive review , but our service today and the previous time we have visited has been superb ! two thumbs up to all the staff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here during brunch on sunday . sat right away . within just a few moments the service was over and very attentive . the bread came out warm and was good as always . my boyfriend got the soup which was cold . however they noticed without him mentioning it and took it off the bill . they were quick to correct a problem which i find is rare to do . i had the kobe burger and it was cooked perfectly . the house chips are really good too . i could n't finish it all though ... so full", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the highlights of our dinner include service , restaurant set up and fresh , seasonal menu choices . i appreciate the accommodating staff . we were received well and everyone was helpful from the welcome to table service . the large booths , butcher paper covered tables and activity books with crayons made our seating comfortable . a family restroom is an amenity and it includes a stainless steel changing table . dinner for us included grilled tuna with steamed broccoli and asparagus . spaghetti squash was available as a seasonal vegetable . although none of the menu items were organic , ask about sustainability and local foods . the salmon is wild caught . bonefish grill was perfect for kid-friendly dining in las vegas and a family fun evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i got the chilean sea bass and the ahi tuna with lime tomato garlic sauce . it was amazing how they serve really fresh seafood in vegas . our server was brittany and she was awesome by the way . great service and ambiance . i recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "topwell this is one time no matter what a yelp review or anyone said we are glad we did n't listen . we had a great waiter names thomas , the food was very good . of course the bang bang shrimp was tasty . they now have a great tuesday night dinner special so check it out back again good food but could try to remove the dirty plates faster decided to update again and drop it a star . thinking about last nights dinner was n't so hot , wife 's fish was not that great and the service was a let down from our last trip there . might go back once in a while but that 's about it . there are better fish places", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to bonefish to try their special tuesdays . food was good but the server was very rude . he only sounded nice when he was dropping the check off so that he can good tip . but we gave him good tip anyways .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , great company , but very slow service . the server only had 3 tables ( 1 , 3 and 4 people ) . had to ask for the server multiple times and ahe forgot a drink for 1 2 of the meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing service ! the brunch is so great ... $ 20 for all you can drink mimosas , bellinis , or sangria with a delicious meal ! the greatest deal in summerlin..you have to check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "order the bang bang shrimp , cold snap ceviche and clam chowder everything was terrific , service is outstanding , friendly and fast . will definitely come back ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is so good ! the service is great and the food is delicious ! the food comes out fast even when they are packed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and spectacular food . we tried a bit of everything ! ! the bang bang shrimp and crab cakes were amazing ! salmon and lobster delishhhhhhh and the special for the night was oscar with mushroom raviolis and asparagus were so good ! ! ! will try lunch menu next time ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the awesome bang bang shrimp , which is deliciously spicy and some great fish . ca n't go wrong with the bonefish grill , in my limited view .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "time is the most valuable perishable commodity ... .and the bonefish squanders it . waited 25 minutes to order . brought water flask without cups . super slow service with rotating staff . looking at table with cleaning rag just left there and another table left dirty for 15 minutes and counting . food was ok but overall underwhelming effort .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great . the staff is very friendly and personable . the owner deliver the food to the table with a smile . the food was the best and fresh . i 'm from san francisco and i 'm selective about my fish . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and service try the bang bang shrimp 4 appetizer pan asian salmon 4 main course", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first time here . a little pricy but well worth it . there were 4 of us and we each got something different . all the food was amazing . so was the pomegranate martini !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place to be off the strip . they accommodated our party of 14 last minute , the staff were very courteous , food was excellent . we had the bang bang shrimp and calamari for appetizers and i had the ribeye with crab fried rice ; all were excellent ! i do n't know exactly what everyone in my party had but they were all pleased with their orders . i would highly recommend bone fish grill and i will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly has such a great brunch menu for an affordable price . they do endless bottomless for like $ 20 , and the food is actually good ! the owner is super kind and even took pictures with me & my girls afterwards . i think i have found a reliable brunch place now . plus , did i mention that there are different bubbly drinks you can have ? they range from peach , mimosa , and even sangria . also , get the french toast , super yummy ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only giving 2 stars because server did a pretty decent job otherwise it would be a 1 . we picked up a bottle of wine at the bar while waiting for our table . bartender was a little slow considering how few people were at the bar but no biggie , she was friendly and even offered to take the wine to our table . server quickly greeted us brought us water while we looked over the menu . we settled on 4 items : large order of ahi tuna wagu beef and ginger potstickers bang bang shrimp tacos blackened fish tacos ahi was a little bland potstickers - first order was cold to the touch second was luke warm tacos - they originally brought out 2 orders of the shrimp ( kitchen told server they had sent out one of each and someone else must have taken ours ) . shrimp was ok , not much `` bang '' though blackened fish tacos were good . would have complained to the manager but he was busy dealing with another complaint from a table near us and we just wanted to get home . skip this one !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was definitely a good spot . i always drive by it , but i just never felt like trying it until the other day . i 'll definitely come back and try some other things on the menu . my girlfriend and i were happy with our meals and our waiter or chef i forgot what he was , but he brought us complimentary calamari and that was very good as well . it 's a nice place to go for an occasion too . bonefish grill did n't disappoint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food last sunday was fantastic everything was great from the drinks to the staff . my husband and i agree this is our new favorite restaurant", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had dinner there last night . the good : food was prepared well , i had the filet mignon and crab cake . the filet was thinner than expected , but cooked as ordered and delicious . the cervichi appetizer was also fabulous . the service was very good , there was a slight wait to be acknowledged , but once we were , food orders were quick and staff very friendly . the only downside was the size of my cocktail , though made with fresh ingredients and well executed , for a $ 9-10 drink , it was small ! four sips and gone , please serve a martini filled close to the rim ! . but , i would recommend this restaurant and will return . menu has lots of options for all types of eaters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a great experience . outstanding food and drinks . definitely sit at the bar for the best service and drinks . ultimate dirty martini and the espresso martini are amazing . it always feels like home . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we frequent here often . never a bad meal . also get on their wine dinner mailing list . awesome everytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "devoted to the creatures of the sea , bonefish delivers ! always fresh seafood with a twist , making it an eclectic menu yet one you 'd be sure to find something appealing . the waiters know our group now and service is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in with my family for my birthday . the food was absolutely excellent . the server was very courteous and got the orders perfect . the place was absolutely packed however , they brought the food out in a very short amount of time . very impressive . prices are actually a little lower than most fine dining restaurants . the food is superior than most fine dining restaurants by far . i would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the most enjoyable meals i 've had in a very long time ! ! ! amazing service , fantastic food and a great atmosphere ! ! aaa+ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here instead , since flemings could n't seat us for happy hour . so glad we came by as they have great martinis with stuffed blue cheese olives , and bar tender brenda suggested the mussels dish as appetizer ( very affordable by the way ) . so fresh and delicious and is our new favorite place for happy hour . not crowded and loud like flemings and the place is lovely . highly recommend this place . will definitely be doing dinner here next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend bang bang shrimp $ 6 on wednesday . great to go or eating in . try it as an appetizer or main dish . other items are ok but not over the top . not a great place tor kids . brunch on sunday 's is limited", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a reservation , was seated prompty , menus were there , as were silverware . server brought water quickly . we ordered calimari as an appetizer , tasted fine . my friend ordered lobster grilled cheese , which came with a a soup , and greens . i had troutred enscrusted with pecans which was fine , along with mashed potaotes , and a veggie . all in all a very nice excperience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called to see if we could be seated or if i needed reservations . the general man that i spoke with was wonderful so i was excited about eating here . i was asked if i wanted a drink when i sat down but when i asked what kind of hot tea they had , the beverage person had no idea . my wait person came and i felt as if i was in fake smile and compliance land . she just kept saying , `` very good , '' with that plastic smile and insincere voice . the food was over spiced . to much salt , pepper or whatever was the chefs house favorite of the moment . ( great way to ruin sea scallops ! ) anyway , the swordfish was so soaked in butter , i had to wonder what demographics are they going after . ( not west coasters ) anyway . it was a failed night of dinning . enjoy if you have no idea what good sea food should taste like .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice environment . nice worker and very good food . i took my wife on a date at this place . sat at the bar since they only serve oyster rockafella if you sit at the bar o well bartender server brandy really nice person and made us feel welcomed . mix drink alci is good too . i suggest you should try the bang bang shrimp . it 's their house special stuff really good.1 happy customer here thanks guys and gals", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first time here and everything was fantastic ! ! you have to try the bang bang shrimp , it was like totally awesome ! ! fur sure : ) cassy was our server and she was sweet and very patient with us newbies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in with the baby for potstickers . ashley is our server . so nice ! food is always amazing and hot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to give it a try ... and truly we were not disappointed at all . the bang bang shrimp was amazing huge portion for only 6 dollars during happy hour . the saucy shrimp was equally delicious . the fresh yellowtail was great ! ! ... .perfectly cooked and served with what i thought was orgasmic au gratin potatoes . they were so creamy and so delicious . seriously they were amazing ! ! ! the service was perfect our server mandy was gracious informative and extremely sweet . the manger ralph came out and greeted us was equally informative and super nice . thank you for a great experience we really enjoyed our selfs . we will return ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coconut shrimp were great but the fish in the fish and chips was greasy for me and made me a little queezy . the lobster roll was overpowered with too much celery to lobster ratio . but the toasted bread it is on was tasty . more lobster and less celery would do the trick i think .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had lily 's chicken with goat cheese , spinach and steamed broccoli , it was amazing and the bang bang shrimp and it was yummmmy ! the service was also amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for lunch and was a little disappointed in that the silverware was very dirty even after being replaced twice . the fish tacos were very good as well as the side of coleslaw . the slaw was different than any other i 've ever had - but good . we also had fish and chips with a side of fries . they were both very greasy and it seemed that the fryer was not up to temp . perhaps the new restaurant has growing pains so we 'll wait awhile before returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for the first time 2 months ago and we had a really nice time . food was great and our server was ok . i noticed that the hostesses were not so friendly . called today to see if the `` seasonal '' lobster rolls were still on the menu and the response was `` it 's only monday so we will be fine unless we run out . '' ummm what ? first of all , it 's thursday my dear and second , do you understand what seasonal means ? very rude and snobby phone girl . not sure if i want to bring this establishment any new business if that girl is the first impression . i 'm gon na check out the other location and hope for a nicer time . at least maybe a friendlier happier group of people that enjoy their jobs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! ! ! ! ordered food to go and it was perfect ! must try the flourless , gluten free chocolate brownie ! ! ! mmmmmmm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give less then one star i would : ( . my husband ordered a filet w crab cakes . he received sirloin.. i think if you are not aware of your cuts of beef . you are not getting what you pay for . he ordered mashed potatoes received potatoes oh gratin .. our waitress spilt my drink , she replaced it ..but charged us for the replacement and the one she dropped . i ordered shrimp stuffed w crab . they gave me the appetizer version . the manager was at our table 3 different times . our check adjusted twice . all we wanted to do is have a yummy enjoyable stress free dinner , and it was horrible . sorry i wasted our hard earned money here.. it 's like sizzler meats seafood ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for dinner , and had to get the check right away after we ate because i started having stomachache , i had the tilapia imperial and there was nothing `` imperial '' about that tilapia . i agree with the other yelpers bout the food quality , for what they charge , i would have opt for fast food instead . we will not be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the ceviche ( needed salt and a jalape\u00f1o or something . ) the fish and chips was boring . the truffle mac and cheese was ok . tried the fried calamari and that too was average . had the 6 piece oyster rockefeller and it was probably the best thing i ate that night . our waitress was very attentive and polite friendly . food came out very quick so thats always a good thing . all and all i do n't think anything stood out that would have me coming back , but i will . i have to try it 2 3 times before i decide to take it off my list of possible dinning options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . what a bad dinner . they have this service program where everyone serves all the tables which would work if there was communication among the staff and if some of the staff could stop hanging out with one table . ordered tomato soup , got a half filled bowl of thick salty salsa that looked as if someone had eaten some of it already-although i ca n't imagine why . had to call a manager over because none of the team of servers was available . she said , `` oh , i know what happened . it was the bottom of the pot . '' i asked why they would even serve it . she shrugged . we asked 3 times for a glass of wine . i eventually went to the bar and got it myself . the only reason they are getting 2 stars is because the shrimp appetizer was good and my wife 's sea bass was very good . but it was a small piece of fish for $ 27 ! not going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a great dinner with my wife and mom who was visiting from ny . i had the sea bass and they had another fish which i forgot the name , the sides of mashed sweet potato was incredible and the scalloped papas were as well . wine was a red , most tasty , def go back again ... 4 8 16 visit ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a must try ! all 6 of us shared our dishes and they were all amazing from the bang bang shrimp to the tuna bowl and the lobster stuffed shrimp.. all were more then expected also customer service was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service from waiter although they talk too much . modest servings . nice ambience but we notice menu is too rice based .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like coming here for happy hour . nice place to relax and have a couple cocktails . bang bang shrimp never disappoints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the seafood is so fresh and well prepared ! service is impeccable , and everyone is so friendly ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i had dinner last night and it was great ! ! it is nice to find a place that serves such fresh and quality seafood ! ! our server , dionne , gave us impeccable service ! the entire staff was friendly and you felt welcomed from the minute you stepped in until you left . the manager came out and greeted us as well . it was just great ! i had the george banks scallops . my friend had the trout . they were both perfect . we have driven by numerous times , but the parking lot always looked full , so we thought that we 'd never get in there . it was explained to us that the neighboring restaurants use their lot . so if you drive by , and do n't have a reservation , do n't be discouraged ! pop in and see if they have a table for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sisterinlaw has been a customer of theirs for over 15 years and recommended them to me . i spoke with the owner ray on the phone and have was friendly and helpful . he truly knows his customers , even remembered where my brother and sister in law used to live and how long they have used ace ryan came and sprayed the inside and out of my new house , including the garage . it is a brand new home with construction going on all around us so they were sensitive to my concerns with keeping the creepy crawlies out . very satisfied with them and will continue using them bi- monthly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , great prices . ray is very friendly and easy to work with . they always arrive on time and there is no need to keep on top of them . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . very professional and trustworthy . ricky is very friendly . we have been using them for over a decade . i would absolutely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . friendly people , quick responding . would recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we would not hesitate to highly recommend companies who are looking for good old fashioned service to use ace pest control or all their pest control and janitorial needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they took care of seven wasp nests that concerned us for our young children who want to play outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've had ace pest control over a year now and could n't be happier . we 've had scorpion problems in the spring valley area and in our home for over 10 years now . since using ace , this is the first time i can say our home is scorpion free . they even came out in between visits one time because i was having a problem with worms on the patio out back and took care of that problem . everyone is professional , courteous and friendly . i would strongly recommend this company for all pest problems .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my youngest while waiting for a prescription to be filled next door at walgreens . worst one i 've ever been to . the ladies restroom was filthy ! no soap and paper all over the floor . i do n't think anyone as cleaned it all day . very busy location when we went at 2:30 pm on a wednesday . they only had one person at the register and there was a line of eight customers . tons of employees in the back as well as a male manager just standing around watching them . the ketchup dispenser was out , the napkin dispenser was out and the tables were not wiped down . i 'd like to know , where is the management training here ? ! ? ! why was the manager not on a register to help the flow of customers that came in to get them moving ? ? very disappointed in this location and it 's in my neighborhood : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give zero stars i would have . where to start ... i simply ordered a 20 piece chicken nugget with sweet & sour , an ape could get this order correct . i get home , against my better judgement i did n't check my bag because you know , 1 item order , 1 sauce easy ? not so much . keep in mind i ordered at 6pm . i received a 10 piece , no sauces and the 10 piece i received was ice cold , i do n't mean cold from sitting , i mean cold from not being cooked . raw . pretty unacceptable , i will never visit this mcdonald 's again , this is just one example of many prior incorrect drive through orders , missing items , and raw under cooked food . it 's borderline dangerous to eat here , if they ca n't manage to cook food , imagine how `` clean '' it must be in that place . avoid avoid avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can this place do right ? it 's obviously not fast food because i 've spent upwards of 15 minutes in driver thru . no ones at the 1st window and when she does arrive her excuse was `` sorry i was around the corner eating snacks . then get to the 2nd window and they do n't even know what i ordered . they gave me the wrong drink , the wrong sized french frys and the wrong burger . the frys were cold also .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is always out of something ! today there out of coke like really coke you have got to be kidding me there number one sold drink and they are out . and if it 's not that then there ice cream machine is always down . get your shit together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "michael lucia needs to be fired . he hired convicted felons and thieves in the store to just steal again and get fired . a new store manager is what this place needs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst fast food restaurant i have ever been , horrible service , horrible food , and the place is very dirty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location has the absolute worst customer service . today 's response in the drive thru when i told the girl that the hi-c orange drink i received was water d down and out was `` what do you want me to do ? '' seriously ? ! ? i only go here to get my daughters ice cream and an occasional drink for myself . and every time i do go , they service is worse than the last visit . no leadership whatsoever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is sucks ... ... ... order is always wrong , food is 9 10 times cold or old for some reason this location thinks if they hire a new teenager every month it 's going to change how crappy there service is . and these employees expect 15 an hr yeah right ! ! they barley deserve minimum wage bottom line do n't waste your time or money here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no matter how many times i come here and order special order it is never ever right . the manager even challenged him . it was wrong . instead of redoing the order he gave us the extra condiments and a cop after we showed him the order was n't right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mcdonald 's has improved significantly . i went and grabbed some food with the family in drive thru tonight and caitlyn took my order . she was very nice and patient . i met her at the window . she was again very pleasant . she even smiled which is a bonus . wait time was n't bad and the guy that handed me my food was nice . my order was correct and fries were new . good job mcdonald 's on hunt hwy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only reason i give this mcdonald 's 3 stars is because the breakfast staff go above and beyond to make me happy . but any other time of day , i wo n't eat here because my drive thru order is always wrong ! ! how can fries always be cold ? ! and how tough is it to get the right sauces into the bag with the chicken mc nuggets ? today , again , i was given sweet tea when i specifically ordered unsweetened . i 'm a diabetic and ca n't drink that much sugar . i swear they have crackheads working the later shifts and the owner here must be absentee because if mcdonald 's ever audits this place , they 'll shut it down . go for breakfast only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely worst customer service . went thru the drive thru was going to place my order and was cut off . while they cut me off from placing my order 2 cars that drove up were already ordered and i was still waiting never going back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not stand coming into this restaurant in the morning , it looks like an assisted living with all the snowbirds roosting , nursing their `` senior coffee '' . theres no where to sit ! they dont consume their meal and leave , their in there all morning ! ! ! they take up the tables over by the tv area , all in front of the register and by the door . im not coming back in here . this is loitering and i can not believe the restaurant allows this . the parking lot is full of suv 's from canada and minn and theres no where to park ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food - but - please get some competent employees beyond the h.s . kids you have working here - ca n't handle simple tasks such as taking a telephone order , processing a credit card , writing down address without repeating self 5x . ordered here for years and finally gave up in frustration will not deal with this again . hung up and called zeppes pizza was on its way in 10 minutes no hassle . too bad just could n't deal with poor service anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food and specials . friendly staff and our favorite pizza place ! community feel and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pizza and i like the fact that if you 're not into pizza , there are many other alternatives to eat . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza and wings ... .wings are always a good size and plenty of sauce , also had the rib dinner which is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought our first time was pretty good . alot of people said it was good so we figured we 'd give it a try . i ca n't say anything really stood out over anyone else 's pizza but i liked the size , there was enough sauce and toppings seemed to be cooked long enough and i will be ordering again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super fast and love just a plain large cheese and garden salad to go . makes a great start to the weekend . the guy behind the counter is super friendly and appeared to love his job which you do n't see much any more . try it if you have n't", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and great customer service . great value and best local pizza joint in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this place ! the pizza is always fantastic , and the wings . the wings are the best i 've ever eaten from a pizza joint . as i write this there is a hot wing getting devoured . give them a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extensive menu . excellent wings . food is fast and low priced . i 've been going here for many years , almost every week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4.5 stars ! i got the thai massage which , if you 've never had one , involves some stretching and the girl putting your body in a few different positions ( pulling on our arms , rotating your legs , etc. ) . it sounds a little funky but it 's nice actually . you wo n't necessarily fall asleep but it 's relaxing . and they do n't tweak on you the whole time ... it is actually about 60 % regular massage too . so i recommend the thai but they also do traditional deep tissue and swedish massage . prices are reasonable and they seemed to be doing brisk business . i 'll definitely be returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a bit apprehensive when i walked in because it looked really small and not big enough to really be a spa like their name says they are . however after receiving a very strong combination thai and swedish massage i really felt better and was happy i came here . they use hot stones during the swedish part of the massage and that is something extra you do n't normally get . i also liked how i got a warm towel face wrap as it really helps you to relax . one hour was $ 65.00 and that 's pretty reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "holy wow ! i just got my first thai massage and it was sooo bad azz . they incorporate a mixture of deep tissue , hot stones and stretches . they actually have bars on the ceiling for when they step on you . i love strong massages and the two ladies that worked on my boyfriend and me did an amazing job . some of the stretches they did cracked parts of my back i had a lot of pain in . i was surprised when she put me in a full back bend but she was knowledgable enough to guide me through it . you do strip down to your undies just to warn those who prefer the fully clothed types of massages . if you 're interested in a new type of massage that does n't break the bank , check out this place for a thai massage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the last 8+ years i have been using thai massage in place of more traditional sports massage to tend to my aches and pains from climbing and running . i recently relocated to vegas and was pleased to find this place . i have now been twice and received excellent , strong massages from pam and lucky . both were competent in locating the spots that required extra attention without me having to say anything . the place is no frills , but clean . it 's also nice to be able to book the same day , and to not have to rush to the atm for cash . they offer other massage modalities and more traditional spa services . they 're fairly reasonable at $ 65 for an hr ( $ 100 for 1.5 , why ? ? ? ) , especially if you consider that many of the cheaper asian attempt to guilt trip you into making up the difference with exorbitant tips . as an additional incentive thai spa offers a 11th massage free punch card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is good here but jan . requested one hour combination massage but she did a 2 hour massage and charged me without my consent . be very clear and extremely firm when you are here . say 60 minutes only . six , zero . 3 times i said 1 hour only combination massage yet she did a two hour massage . i had to stop her 1 hour and 30 minutes in since i had an appointment that i was late to . everyone else is amazing there and listens . watch out for jan , she 'll jumble your words and charge you for two hours . you have been warned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give them no stars if i could . i wanted a thai massage - where you wear loose fitting clothes and the therapist stretches your legs and arms and back in different directions . this woman was asking me to get under the covers and wanted to put lotion on me . she had no idea what she was doing . i left . i did n't want a swedish massage . i wanted a thai massage and they clearly do n't know what that is . i even showed her the pictures from their website where they show therapists doing thai massages . total waste of gas driving over here . false advertising .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the name is misleading because it is not a spa however anna is magical . i went in with ankle , knee pain and she massaged it right out with thai massage , stretching it out , and opening my hip joints . the room was clean and comfortable , no loud conversation , but i did go during the week when it is less busy . i went with cash based on other reviews . definitely when i come back to vegas , i will visit this place again ! ! felt totally relaxed , and improved when i left the thai massage parlor . highly recommend anna .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! ! ! ! the massages are better than any massage i 've ever had a resort or casino . ask for a lady named `` bang oyn '' she 's awesome . i went in barely walking with some major sciatic issues , after an 80 minute massage i was perfect again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place , they really take care of your tension areas , i 'm not going to lie , it hurts ! because i ask for it , haha ! but if you want to get your problems taking care of it has to hurt ! i love anna , jen is also fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the best ! ! ! ive been here for almost every month since 2014 . the price is worth it ! i tried different spas here in vegas but thai spa is the best ! i recommend jenny and nisha . but when they are off , kim and fern are great too ! will come back over and over again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had many massages but this was my first thai massage . i can tell this is the best method for my particular stress ball of a body ! pam was my therapist and she was so thorough and helped all of my worst areas and i found it interesting to see how she searched out and dealt with the source of the knots , not just the tender spots themselves . she was gentle knowing it was my first time and we will work on the stretching and intensity level over time . she also had a quiet , pleasant demeanor and i look forward to coming back to her ! i did a combo of a massage and body scrub this time and was a little unsure of the steps , showering after scrub then returning to massage but i was made to feel very comfortable . i plan to do the scrub every other visit to help keep desert dry skin at bay ! so happy i read reviews and decided to try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous . divine . amazing they will walk the stress right out of you . they have the bars they hold on to and walk on you and i the time she was done i was like melted butter on marble it was absolutely the best massage i have ever had . start w medium pressure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a wonderful massage experience with anna . i had the thai combination which incorporated stretching and hot stones . this would be a great choice for athletes because of the stretching ; it was akin to physical therapy in a way . highly recommend ! reasonably priced too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome thai massage . my body feels like jello . the girl that i had was really strong and worked the heck out of my knots . call before coming in if a walk-in . totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is seriously amazing . probably one of the best massages i 've had in a long time . definitely needed after spending most of the day hung over . my fianc\u00e9 and i went with another couple and they all agreed it was amazing . i love how they start from your legs instead of your back and walk on you . another huge plus is that they spoke english clearly . it was $ 120 for 1 hour couples massage . definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this spa on yelp . liked what i read about this place and gave them a try . short story is this place a legit thai massage shop with a great staff of very professional and friendly therapists . jasmine is my therapist and i could not ask for better . i get the 90 min . thai combo massage . it is really great . the other staff members laugh at me after the session because of all the screams i let out during the massage . jasmine knows what i can take and she really knows what i need to feel better . i 'm going to be a repeat client from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went again to my favorite massage spa in las vegas and had a 1 hour 4 hand massage with on and cha cha . all i will say is they are the most incredible service providers . my shoulder back hamstring and right knee were out of wack . the combo used several modalities to work every knot out . i ca n't praise them enough ! ! ! ! the are the best ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has legit thai massages . i 've never had a massage so intense , so stress relieving and rewarding than when i came here and had pam as my masseuse . i 've come here now multiple times and everytime my messed up back , shoulders and feet have become relieved of pain by a huge amount ! never had a masseuse stand on your back or use their feet to really apply pressure in a relieving way ? well me either until i came here and it was amazing . ask for pam , you will not be disappointed . she 's a pro , personable and professional . happy stress relieving !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my wife there after supper on date night . they got us , as walk ins , right in . we had a couple 's massage . we both had injury concerns we did n't want them to mess with and they listened and accommodated us . they were very professional . we left very relaxed . they used multiple modalities as well . we 'll definitely go back again and recommend to anybody wanting a great massage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i went here for our first massage spa experience and it was amazing . the interior is very inviting and the location is very central and easy to get to . all the ladies working here are professional and friendly . my fianc\u00e9 got lucky as his massage therapist and i got yaya . they were both very considerate and kept our tolerance as far as pressure goes in mind . they both giggled whenever they got our backs to crack ( which felt good ) which made us laugh and relax more as well . the price is also awesome . $ 130 for an hour massage for two people is a steal . i ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ohhhh my goodness this was the best past of my trip to vegas ! my fiance and i got a couples massage from dada and bibi ( sp ? ) . the best part about choosing combination massages is you can ask them to incorporate practically every technique on their menu and they will do justice to each and every one that you ask for . i asked for thai , swedish , and hot stone , and he got deep tissue with thai . the thai massage specifically was an incredible experience ... they use hands , elbows , knees , and best of all , feet to apply the perfect amount of pressure , then follow up with some really efficient guided stretching . the place itself is small , but if you want a quality massage for your money , book with these ladies : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time to try a thai massage and i got ta say its the best massage i ever had . the place is a little small and you can hear the noise from the outside but the rooms are separate and close door . andrea was amazing and she asked if theres specific area i want her to work on and how hard and how much pressure i want . i always have chronic back pain and she took her time to take off my knots . my favorite part were the stretches which help alot with my back , also she walk on my back and legs and shes very knowledgeable and where to put pressure , she was able to crack my back and the feeling is amazing . i didnt feel hurt or anything , the pressure was just the right amount and i walk out stess free and pain free . will go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went in for the couple massage . as they started they gave my husband more options of a massage and the other girl did n't bother to ask me if i wanted certain services too . so my husband bought me a facial while he got a second hour of a massage . as the facial lady comes in she sees my husband on the table getting a massage with his butt half exposed and she decides to slap his butt and i look at her like what the hell and both girls laugh and giggle . sorry but to me that 's not professional and i did n't give permission for anyone to slap my husband 's booty but me . so i did n't appreciate that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ! so happy my husband and i came over here from the strip ! we first had a thai combo massage in oahu randomly and fell in love ! we 're on vacation again and wanted to try it again . i saw reviews here on yelp and felt like this was place ... .. and it was ! we each had a 2 hour thai combo and have never feel better ! this is not a massage that you fall asleep to ... it can get a little tough but with how your body feels after all the massaging and stretching is incredible . we have no pain can move every muscle now : ) just fyi this massage spot is about 15-20 min from the strip . the price makes it totally worth the drive or uber . thanks ladies for your hard work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i both got a thai combination massage and it was amazing . i really enjoyed the deep tissue massage , the stretching and the hot stone treatment . the masseuses were friendly and asked about our preferences and the problem areas before starting . i thought the price was really good too . in the washington , dc area , to get the price to be comparable to this , i would have to buy a groupon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i am in las vegas i always go to this spa and make an appointment with jasmine . i have had thai massages all over the country and jasmine is the best ! ! i strongly recommend 90 minutes because one hour just goes by too fast . this is a legitimate massage studio and you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a 90 minute massage with layla and she got the knots that are usually hard for the other ladies to get in an hour , i thank her for that extra 30 minutes cause it sure helped . i 've had lucky and pam who are also good but this time tried a different lady .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just arrived to vegas and hubby and i felt like a nice massage and stretching after a long drive in . pleasantly surprised . great couples massage awesome service . will come back ! great what to start the weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to massages therapy for years ! i have been to a lot of different therapist , jasmine is the best i have ever seen ! thinking of getting a massage this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place if you 're looking for a deep tissue massage and to get all your knots worked out . not so relaxing tho . you can hear a lot of chatter . but the staff are all sweet and accommodating . my boyfriend and i go for the 2 hour couples massage . def worth the money ! drink lots of water , always feel it later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only been to three other massage therapists before here and i have to sat this is the best experience . as a massage enthusiast and someone who loves giving massages ... i finally found a place that utilizes techniques that i enjoy . the back stepping is amazing . the stretching is out of this world . the hot towels topped it off . and for $ 65 , it is almost generous compared to other competitors . i will return and look forward to a couples massage . i highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best massages of my life . i 'm out here rock climbing and needed some body work . yaya gave me the work up of my life . i 'm in love . i 'll be back at the end of the week before i fly out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had an awesome massage ... ... will definitely come back again ! i had an hour massage and its a unique experience with massage and stretching and of course having her walk on your back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with a client of mine . she needed a massage very badly . as did i . this was our first time . and for me , i was super nervous . i 'm a bigger girl . so you can maybe relate to me being uncomfortable being naked . anyway . the two girls that helped us were so amazing and thoughtful . they did n't make me or my client feel bad in anyway . they also asked if they were too hard or soft . which was amazing . they accommodated everything that was asked . amazing people and we will be going back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is one of the best spas ive been too in my life the thai people know what they are doing when it comes to messages . go to them you wont regret it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i just got combo thai massage . we did couple massage and we 're in nice room together . masseurs were very good and did an excellent job . ca n't wait to go back next month . i loved the massage but mainly the stretching . my girlfriend said they got most of her knots out of her neck and shoulders . she has never had thai massage and said she is going back monthy . thank you thai massage", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have one word for all of you , anna ! this is the best massage deal in town . $ 65.00 for an hour ? ? ! ! a quality professional massage for that price is unheard of in this town . anna is by far the best out there . as another reviewer said , she will twist and turn you into a pretzel , but you will feel amazing afterwards . i go twice a month . awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and have gone to this spa about five times for couples massages and its always great for both of us ! love it , we will continue coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to leave a review after being a regular for 2 years now , i just got ta say leila is wooowww amazing ! make sure you ask for leila . she will find spots you did n't even know you had ! she will listen to you and help you with problem areas . and you will definitely feel great afterwards ! pam is awesome too very highly skilled ( if you like hard pressure pam and deliver that ! ) everyone is friendly . i have n't tried all the masseuse but i 'm sure they are all highly skilled !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 star massage 4 star for the establishment ( you can hear chatter outside ) we had a couples massage . it was so therapeutic . they are amazingly skilled . we had thai , deep tissue and hot stone incorporated . they stood up held bars and used their feet . it was so fabulous . not for the faint hearted or swedish massage lovers . i 'm hooked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying a couples massage . and first time trying a thai massage . this absolutely exceeded my expectations . they took me and my boyfriend earlier than our appt time and started right away . they do n't include the dress in and out as part of the massage time , which was a plus . the lady who did mine knew exactly where to touch based on my knots in my upper body . she was n't gentle but she did n't hurt me at all . my boyfriend loved his massage . the stretching part of the massage was the best part . i think the ladies really took their time to see what the body needed and did n't just rub us down . the massage room is very private . it 's not so quiet because of background noise but the place is small . i 'll definitely recommend this to someone . just ask the ladies what the massage consists of before they begin because they will just begin with stretching ... but still no complaints . it was well worth the $ $ $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i smell like old towels , she chewed gum the whole time , i did n't get a massage i got elbowed and rubbed with oil then mildew towels . i do n't mind spending the extra money this place is ratchet . what 's cheap is n't good and what 's good is n't cheap 65per hour better to spend the extra 10-20 bucks somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i normally do n't have massages . i have had foot massages in several places in las vegas and you get what you pay for , i ca n't wait to get out after 20 minutes . i stopped by thai spa 4 months ago after passing it to my daughters dance class for 1 year . i stopped by to get a 1 hour massage and it turned out to be a 3 hour session . it was the best 3 hours . since then i stop in regularly for 90 minute massage . if you want a real thai message ... ask for yaya .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a one hour thai massage for $ 65 . my practioner was a very well trained thai woman measuring maybe 4'11 '' and 95 # ( i 'm a 6'4 '' male who weighs 240 # ) . she walked on my back ( and everywhere else ) , stretched me like a rubber band , dug deep where she needed to and turned a stiff lower back into a bowl of jelly . best $ 65 i 've ever spent in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bf and i had great massages here from jan and lucky . they are very nice and apply just the right pressure that you want . we never identified our trouble spots but they found them anyway and paid special attention to these areas . the massages are very reasonably priced . get the combo with the hot stones , excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best massages i had . the lady really worked on my knots and cracked my back . i had yaya and my friend had mikki . i let yaya walk on my back . woah ! i will admit that at times , i thought i was going to break in half . but i did n't and i felt soooo good after . these ladies definitely know what they are doing ! totally cracked my back . do n't worry if your sheet slips off . they are n't trying to pull a fast one on you . they are just trying to crack your back lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pam & tammy where the massage therapist that my boyfriend and i had the pleasure of seeing ! a-m-a-z-i-n-g ! ! ! ! this was my first experience and it was everything and more ! ! ! so this is an update from yesterday , i had some digestive issues and let 's just say tammy got everything back on schedule !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this my all time go to spot . help recover my lower back injuries and everything . the stretching , deep tissue , hot stone are all amazing methods to heal ur body . especially if u play sports or work out . best recovery ever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this place a month ago and asked for a thai massaeg . they offer a one and a half hour combination massage were they do thai massage and a bit of long strokes , hot stone , and stretching . went again 3 days later for the same treatment plus a body scrub . they do have a standing shower for use after the scrub . both massuse kim & lucky did a great job and were profissional in taking care of my needs . i have marked this place in my wish list for my upcoming visits to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good for thai massage , i very bad in my neck and my body after i go massage at thai spa and i feel very good and go home sleep good . in thai spa therapy very nice look like i come to see my family , she very sweet . i come back soon . thank you so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . i went here while i was visiting some family in las vegas , and my girlfriend and i both got a deep tissue massage . they have created the most perfect environment to be able to calm down and relax . there is nothing worse then an awkward massage , where they are either talking , or asking questions about pressure all of the time . the sign of a good massage is when you can just shut your eyes and completely forget that there is somebody standing above you . my masseuse totally accomplished that . she had no problem with helping me to relieve my stress and here level of pressure was perfect . i will come here again the next time i am visiting family in las vegas . and the price was seriously so affordable ! best massage ever ! i want one now just thinking about it ! the only reason i am not giving it five stars is because i 've only been there twice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times with jan and she is wonderful . she knows the area where i did n't know it needs adjustment . she is tiny but boy she can stretch the heck out of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my first massage here at leilah.one of the best massages i ever got.she is great.i definetly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "miss orn was awesome . first thai experience and i loved it . rough but just the right amount . place was clean and smelled good . very professional . i will be back along with my friends but probably not at the same time cuz that would be weird . thank you very much thai massage ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leilah is fantastic ! her laid back personality and polite mannerism made for a very comfortable atmosphere . besides the great massage , the stretching was amazing ! repeat customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved my 1st experience at thai spa ! the ambiance was calm and the staff was welcoming . my appointment was with lucky and she was amazing ! there 's one thing you ca n't hide from a massage therapist and that 's stress ! lucky worked out a lot of my tension and i feel so much better . i 'll definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lucky is the real deal ! i was so tense . she did a one hour deep tissue with a great reflexology massage . on cloud 9 j from cali", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! this place is amazing ! seriously one of the best massage i 've ever had ! i had so much pain in my body for working long 12 hour shifts but they got rid of it ! amazing ! ! . idk how to describe it ! just try it for yourself ! ! ! . you will enjoy every minute of it . will definitely come back to this place . might be a little bit pricey but its worth every penny ! i feel well rested . im ready to go back to work.. !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place gives the best massage ever ! it is more expensive than other places i go to , but it is worth the money . you will never leave disappointed . i always get the deep tissue thai massage combo , and seriously , if i could just lay on that massage table all day , i would . i dont even care that they make me strip almost all the way down . it 's all between me , my therapist and god . if you like a massage that 's sooo good it hurts , this is the place for u . if you do n't mind spending about 120-150 dollars for 90-120 mins of absolute relaxation and a wonderfully amazing massage , try this place . you will be hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a traditional thai massage for an hour . i loved the combination of the therapist using her feet , then using her hands with oil and hot stones . she was very thorough , got the knots out but did n't make me sore afterwards . very calm environment , not too busy on a monday . clean , professional salon . i will be going back , especially since they give a free massage after 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tammy , is so awesome ! way better than bali oriental foot massage . $ 65 hr but so worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got off of work and my back was killing me . i needed a massage asap and none of the chain spas could fit me in . i found this place on yelp and it 's amazing ! it was the best massage i 've ever had . i 'm feeling much better now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the boyfriend and i got a couples massage . the room was clean , felt good after . i 'm not going to lie i 've had better massages but i did enjoy it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply the most amazing message ever ! my wife and i did a couples massage while we were in las vegas for our anniversary and we were greeted with great customer service . they showed us into a couples room immediately . i have never had such an amazing massage in my life especially with a person walking on my back which was a first for both of us . we came out feeling like a million bucks . this will be our go to place every time were here ! we 'd give it a10 star if we could ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally i am not a fan of this corporate mastodon but i needed to upgrade my laptop with some more memory . sadly that did not work out as the memory was not capable with my computer . the geek squad was good to go both when i dropped picked up and dropped picked up again . absolutely professional and were open and honest about not being able to fix my problem . stopped in again last week to take care of some business with cell phone . best buy mobile was top notch and even more helpful then my cell service provider ! i was able to walk out with a new phone and switched over another phone with no hassle . thank you hana ! this bb is conveniently located and believe it or not a much better shopping experience then other bb 's in the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two stars because : a ) there are extremely overpriced . you may be able to catch a good deal during black friday , but that 's about it . they do price match with amazon , but the item has to be sold and shipped by amazon . boo ! b ) customer service is horrible ! i was there sunday , and after waiting for 10 mins i asked to speak to a manager . the manager , gus , basically told me he was too busy watching the floor . too busy to assist customers ? really ! ? if you need something immediately and you can price-match , then go for it . otherwise , choose amazon . better service and prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a best buy located across the parking lot from a costco . lots of parking , which is important , and decent service ( unlike that observed by other reviewers ) . no complaints from me about this best buy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked into best buy to see if they had one of their sale priced hard drives in stock cause there were n't any stocked on the shelf where they should 've been . so , i asked an associate who was already helping another customer and he said he 'd be right with me . well , he walked off with the person he was helping and i was just left there with a simple , unanswered question . looked around for help but there were no best buy associates in sight . thought it was bs and i was wasting my time ... walked across to costco and they had plenty of the seagate 4tb harddrives i wanted from best buy in stock at their store . so i just bought it there instead ! thanks for nothing best buy . your store name should be 'no buy . '", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incompetent children including supervision are employed here . do not come here for anything related to car audio systems , you will waste your time . i had an appointement to have a radio installed for over a week . i was assured that the installation would not have any issues", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unbelievable rude and unfriendly . seriously . i 'm easy going , non demanding , forgiving , and try my best not to take things personally.in other words , it takes quite a bit to bother me . however the general consensus was that we seemed to be annoying the sales associate , who clearly did n't want to be there . i could n't tell you if he had any teeth , because he never smiled , not once . the guy we had to show our receipt to on the way out was no better . just another bump on a log . train your associates to speak up , be proactive , smile , have eye contact , communicate with customers ... .have a pulse . this is n't rocket science ( or is it ? ) keywords and phrases : please , thank you , we appreciate your business , is there anything else i can help you with today ? enjoy your weekend . etc etc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited for hours in 30deg weather for the nes classic gaming center and a representative comes out to tell us they have already handed out the nes classics they were going to release today . mind you the store doesnt even open till 10am and this was before 8am . no one has entered the store so how the hell did they hand them out ? ? ? sounds like someone in the store decided they could make money off selling them on ebay instead . fishy business ! so much for that birthday present ... .thanks best buy ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at the beginning ; horrible service . i walked in towards the tablets , noticed a black woman coming in the same time . we end up standing for a long time not getting help . noticed a white costumer coming on the store , went to the tablets as well . in seconds , a white salesman wearing a black tshirt with the microsft logo on it went towards the white costumer offering help . white costumer told him he was just looking . the white salesman left the tablet area ignoring the black woman and i. i 'm hispanic by the way . we both had to look for a salesman to help us . this is my first time in my life being ignored . in the end the black woman ended up buying a tablet for her daughter . i bought a samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and other resources which totaled over $ 700 . and guess what , the other white customer ended up leaving the store without buying anything . stop assuming that minorities ca n't afford items . i would give zero stars but 1 star is the lowest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after standing in the audio dept for a few minutes with no help , we went and asked for help at customer service . the two girls behind the counter at customer service , continued to stand there just chit-chatting and did n't send any help . still , 5 minutes later nobody came by to help us . they are totally useless here . i 'll take my business to amazon or audio express . this place sucks , avoid it at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they might as well change it to walmart . customer service is crap . store manager is cool . but the hourly employees suck . terrible service , unable to locate simple things . pretty give u run around answers . terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every time i come to this store , i can not get an associate to help me . even today , i wanted to but some wireless headphones . the samsung rep said he would call somebody for me . he called twice and nobody came . i finally walked out . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went into best buy after a dismal experience at walmart . we were looking for a camera , which also happens to be carried by walmart . antonio was helpful and informative , explaining the differences ( both pros and cons ) between similar cameras . best buy had the same camera at the same price , with a more friendly , knowledgeable and professional employee . i 've had similiar experiences with best buy in the past when purchasing cellular phones . i was able to upgrade my phone , through my wireless provider , at best buy . the same product at the same price , but a much more customer friendly employee . i will continue to utilize best buy for all of my electronic needs . customer service is huge for me when chosing where to shop . best buy has never dissappointed and always seems to put the customer first . too many other places do n't place enough emphasis on customer service . i will definitely return to best buy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well not return to this location ! really sad that children are running this store . never had a problem until today . my husband wanted to purchase a stereo for my truck . as we waited 20 minutes for someone to help us i finally called the store and asked for a manager . the young lady they sent asked us if we needed help because we were standing here just looking and do we have questions or what ? really ? ! ? ! ? ! ! customer service has dropped big time at this location . no thank you sweetie you ca n't help us !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "smallest and most confusing best buy to navigate that i 've ever been to . came in because my lap top took a crap on me . as a college student i had very little money to spend , but really needed a new lap top . i had a lot of questions about the new chromebooks and after being ignored for 20 minutes , i finally found some one who was having a personal conversation with a co worker to help me . he treated me like i was a huge inconvenience in his life , and spoke incredibly condescending when i asked questions about the chromebook . needless to say , i left and did n't purchase anything from them , in fact when i went home to ca ( on black friday ) i got much better customer service and i ended up just buying it there , and got a really good deal . wo n't return to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't remember what it was like before it was remodeled , but i feel as if they had a better selection and more items before the remodel . every time i go there now , it just seems that everything is limited . i have to walk around the store like 10 times to find someone to help or answer my questions . not impressed with them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously this store looks like it got robbed . everywhere i went to get something all i found was an empty shelf or a lonely peg board staring me in the face . i looked down the half isle of computer software they carry and could not find my product . so i asked someone , he made the same walk i did . really ? ? ? check your inventory or stock area dumbass , i did n't come here to see your shoulder shrug . the back room was probably as sad as the shelves here . my husband found a cable he needed , and maybe i 'm naive about computer crap but , they wanted almost fourty bucks for a six foot cord . i said we 'd shop around . we walked out with a dvd and frown . i will never bother with this store again . well , maybe a going-out-of-buisness sale .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just bought a large flat screen today and was `` helped '' by tony . tony was such a jerk ! i bought an expensive tv and he gave me attitude for not buying the extended warranty and then was condescending when i said i would buy an hdmi cable somewhere else less expensive . ( their cables are way more expensive than amazon , wal mart , etc ) . it 's hard to get help from the employees in the first place , and then they give you attitude . yikes !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we bought a lap top for my mom here recently and it was like pulling teeth to get someone to help . the selection at this store is very limited compared to the lake mead store . the video game section , however had an associate that was quick to assist us and even looked up what other stores had the specific video game we were looking for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty amazing customer service ! everyone basically asked if we needed help . came to purchase a pair of head phones since i 'm always breaking them at the gym . this time i purchased their 2 year warranty ! i was very impressed with their customer service here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very hard to get help or information . most of the thirty workers are busy talking to each other than helping you . does not know where or if they have a product or not . asked five different people and non of them know what kind of specials they had for veterans day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "would n't honor my rewards certificate because the computer said it expired the day before even though it was clearly marked with today 's date . rude cashier , lazy manager . next time i 'll go to fry 's", "score": "1"}
{"review": "attempted to call numerous times just to ask get a price quote on an install only to be transferred numerous times with endless ringing and never received an answer . they wo n't be receiving my business because apparently they do n't want it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their repair center has a bunch of retarded monkeys working there . sent my camera out for repair and they returned it to me worse than it was . sent out my camera to be re-repaired and now it has missing parts . they said the repair center has the missing piece but i would have to send my camera back out for another 2 weeks for a total of 1 1 2 months just because they couldnt do their fucking job right ! wtf ! ! ! i told them just to send me back the piece and they dont want to return it ! bullshit !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service recently ! i went in saturday evening and spoke to two different young men at the mobile department . the first young man could n't seem to put my information into the system correctly and locked me out of my account for 24 hours . he called the second young man , redhead with glasses who was extremely condescending towards me and told me i was locked out and there was nothing he could do for me . i said are you serious ? and he responded with yea do n't know what to tell you . go figure the sale ended that day and best buy refuses to honor it since it 's their fault i was locked out . even if you ca n't help someone you could be a little bit more respectful to my time and presence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you walk through the door you 're greeted and thanked . the store has n't been all that great since they remodeled . there 's less selections in movies and cds . some of the products are overpriced . usually when i go there , i walk out with nothing . i rather shop at the other stores in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! ! ! ! ! the only reason they get on star is because i have to give one . went in to look at the fitbit a million employees and no help . walked out and went to target . now i know why they are saying best buy is the next place to go out of business just like circuit city .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! ! ! to all parents : if you are buying a computer like i did for my college student , you might be buying a factory defect . i bought a top of the line computer for my daughter who goes to unr and after 6 weeks it stopped working . the geeks squad can not fix a laptop since they do n't have a `` clean room '' they have to send it out for repairs . it will take 3 weeks ! ! ! ! ! so now i have to buy a new computer because best buy wo n't stand behind their products and just return it and give her a new one . i do n't know about you but i would expect more than 6 weeks of use . now , if you bought their e xtended warranty they will fix it ? ! extortion or bribery ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cod aw release was horrible ! they let a group of people in to pre pickup the game an hour early then refused to let the rest of us in that came , then allowed a group of people to hold up the whole line for 10 min", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although they were n't able to repair my custom built pc . they were honest and upfront about their limitations . very friendly , professional and sincere . they even gave 2 recommendations on who might help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my most recent tv from this location . i got a good deal on it and the staff is always very helpful . they loaded it in my truck for me and took extra care when doing so . i found some awesome deals on the movies too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i just went here last night and very impressed . every time i have gone into this store i have always been asked if i need help with finding anything . the staff has always helped and if they did n't know the answer they would find someone who did or could help out . i will continue shopping her for things that i need . we have bought two dvd players from them and a tv and tv stand . they were very helpful with all our purchases .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not sure how to start this review . perhaps by first admitting that i am an idiot when it comes to technology . i purchased an ipod with service agreement and other goodies . after realizing that i had spent $ 400 on a fancy radio , did i mention that i was technical repressed ? i went back with my receipt to exchange for cellphone , i was prepared for a total loss honestly , however , i was surprised by the level of customer service and store policy . i got all my cash back and i now have a fancy telephone slash radio . yay me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll just reiterate what 's already been said before . lousy customer service , manager , jon , was upset with me because i whistled to get some help . as long as you do n't mind overpriced goods and really lousy customer service this store should be deserving of your patronage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have two sons and i wanted to buy a tablet for each of them but i could only find one in stock i asked a lady who work there if they had any in the back she told me that if it 's not on the floor it 's unavailable . but another employee that worked there over heard my conversation and she said that she would go into the back and see if she could find me one . she came back out with a big smile on her face holding another tablet . i appreciate this employee going above and beyond for customer satisfaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to best buy the other night to buy a tv . while i was looking in the tv section , chelsea came up to me to help out . she was so informational and helpful . she helped me picked the right tv , and had such a great personality that she got me to buy a tv stand and surround sound as well . i will definitely go back to her when i need more electronics . she needs a raise ! -joe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aside from the funky smell that is in every best buy you walk into , this was a pleasurable experience . me and my boyfriend had time to waste while waiting at the dmv . we checked out the sound systems where one employee , dominic , introduced himself and demoed the speakers that we were interested in . he took us into the showcase room and demoed the pioneer elite speakers and then onto the floor to demo the klisch tower speakers . dominic was very friendly and knowledgeable . he took his time with us and gave his card when we had to leave because of the dmv alert . when we buy , i would go back to best buy just because of dominic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long story short , the employees here seem to be confused and just walking around in a daze . it 's hard to get anyone to help and if you do manage to hunt an employee down , they scurry away not sure of what to do . it 's ridiculous ! the one saving grace of our trip and of the 8 employees we had to come by was the one girl from the computer section , 50s style . she was helping another customer while we waited for someone for 15-20 minutes , and came over right when she was able to . otherwise , this store is ridiculous and not worth our 40 minute drive at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this best buy location . i always get awesome assistance . i buy from this location because of the wonderful customer service i receive every time i go there . sometimes their prices are a bit on the high side , but sometimes they will match other advertised prices . also , i always buy the extended warranty plans on everything i buy . that way i am always covered no matter what . if you want a great experience when you purchase your electronics i would recommend this best buy location over all of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this best buy is such as enigma . they 're one of the newest locations in the valley , yet they are going through a remodel . right now the floor makes no sense . appliances are scattered throughout the stores in random fashion . they barely seem to have any selection ... for anything ! also , they 're sales associates do n't seem to be up to date on their product lines . i seemed to know more about the products i asked them about . i 'm probably better off just sticking to my online shopping .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was n't even the consumer , just a bystander with a friend , and had a super positive experience with the salesperson raymond . just wanted to put in a positive review and say that you 're doing a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my gripe is not so much with best buy as much as it is with samsung appliances . i spent over $ 600 on a samsung dishwasher last year and i already have to replace it . the warranty is good for 12 months and naturally it goes out after 14 . you can go on youtube and watch about 200 videos of other people who had similar problems . i usually have pretty good experiences at best buy , but steer clear of samsung products .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this best buy location is the only location i will go to ! ! ! ! ! ok , so we all have tried many best buy locations , and maybe you go back to one particular location because its conveniently located in your neighborhood . ..not i ! ! ! i currently live next to 3 different location and i will only shop here . ..and its honestly because of the great customer service i receive every time i come in ! ! ! ! ! ! always happy when i come in , and always happy when i leave . .the service has always been consistent and pleasant ! i def recommend this location to anyone ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here to buy ink for my printer almost every month . i signed up for best buy credit when i bought an xbox one . i am a rewards member at best buy and saved $ 2.22 on $ 16 ink . i am happy to be a customer at best buy and also to receive a certificate on my other purchases . great store and greeter . always has the newest and latest in technology .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bestbuy has gone downhill since it opened . i remember the staff was very helpful & knowledgeable with all of my questions . since then , they lack that great customer service they once had . their prices vary depending on what you 're looking for . they do piece matching w the other retail stores . i do like their gamers club program . it helps a lot when i 'm looking for games on clearance plus on my preorders too . their selection on movies & electronics are ok . this is a good place if you want to see the products in person .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited for 10 minutes at customer service ... probably 10 associates walked by , not one said hello , not one said we will be with you shortly . nothing . 3 of them were talking in the back , and did n't acknowledge me once . customer service is key , this location lacks it big time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have the majority of the electronics i need if i want to get it on the spot instead of waiting a couple of days to ship it too my house online . they match price amazon so i love shopping here ! they always have what i need and there are times when they do not , but the staff are helpful and will directly tell you which location has it or will order it and it will be there usually the next business day . the store is very well organized . lots of parking . plenty of associates to help you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went into the best buy frequently and recently it was remodeled , i 'm not very fond of this because they took away alot of products and it looks empty now . the remodel was very disappointing , they removed all but two of there check stands and expanded there tv department . i am not pleased with this at all . we purchased our dyson there and travis helped us he was very uneducated about what his job responsibilities were and it took him nearly a half hour to ring up our sale . very annoying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing special about our visit . they fixed a broken iphone that had a bad screen . they were friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want some great assistance ask for david he 's very helpful and knowledgeable about every department in the entire store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goinf 2 words ... stay away . exuberant but misinformed sales people . every purchase has been an `` adventure '' with these guys . problems with geek squad.. problems with sound systems and with dvdplayers ... wo n't be any other problems ... going to freyes for anything electronic in the future", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if johnny in electronics did n't work here this review would be 1 star , have spent a lot of money here , always seems stuff is breaking.. have had to return 3 blue rays ( 4th is broke too , just have n't returned it ) phone protector , samsung fridge acting up , pioneer tuner just shuts off , samsung washer and dryer having issues , had electronics delivered and they scratched my brand new tv stand and then said sorry its a 3rd party delivery , take it up with them ! ! ! ! klipsch sub-woofer blown ( brand new ) had to argue to get another after best buy lost it in repair ! ! ! klipsch speakers all popping and i dont even turn my music up to a point it should do this ... not happy at all with the quality or customer service other than johnny ... its a shame the managers dont care ( would n't even come out and talk to me about my sub-woofer , put it on johnny to handle )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "made the mistake of going there 2 days before christmas ... there was a lot of staff which is good ! but there was just too many people inside ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a worse geek squad department of all the best buys i 've been too . after i purchased an ssd drive and had it installed it crashed i had another one put in i asked them to install office 7 on windows 10 they said it could n't be done . after just a little research i found it will install and does work with windows 10 brought it back dropped it off they call me to pick it up they would not let me have it , said i need to make an appointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was just at my usual best buy on n. rainbow and they were out of what i was looking for , but the number of employees offering to assist me was comforting . i called this best buy , and they had what i was looking for and were able to hold it for me . i got there , the pick up area had my hold and i walked around to do a bit more shopping . the new floor plan is going to take a bit of getting used to . asi walked around i saw many associates walking around but not once did i get offered any assitance . this not so at the best buy i usually frequent . this would ordinarily warrant a 2 star imo but taylor was nice enough to find and hold my product , cole pleasantly directed me to where i needed to go and amie was very nice as well . thanks : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their customer service sucks ! right out the gate i 'll let it be known that this place is notorious for that . geeky punk kid with glasses , looking up in the air and had to be yelled at from across two isles because we made eye contact and tried to run for the hills to act busy . told him what product we wanted , waited for 10min , no thank you for my patience and proceeded to ring me up . kid was obviously disappointed he could n't upsell on the merchandise insurance so proceeded to have a smug attitude and get this ( pulled out his phone during a sale and decided to text his bf or life partner what a crappy day he was having ... ..during a sale transaction ! ! ! ) really ? ? ? hey ... .you hate your job that much ? fine ... .you 'll be one reasons this best buys is considered a dump when people like me keep putting you on blast !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a self proclaimed best buy aficionado , this is one of the newest store designs i have seen . it is quite well laid out and clean . while i ca n't say its any easier to get around , it is always nice to see a fresh new layout . the same best buy rules apply . if you want help , you will probably have a disappointing experience . it 's best to go to best buy with prior knowledge about what it is that you want to buy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like best buy . good for electronic needs , video games & new cd 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone is this location has uber product knowledge.. i truly had a great experience buying my 75inch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "products are great , but employees exaggerate the strength of some computers . my brother bought a laptop and the employee assured him it would be able to run c.o.d . bo3 at max settings . when he finally got home , we launched the game and at the lowest settings , had a max frame rate of 7 . luckily they offered a swift refund .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "attempted to buy two new cell phones and switch service providers but no one would help us . associates walked by without making eye contact or asking if we needed help . need the phones so i am off to the verizon store . i 've been a loyal best buy customer for 20 years ( having moved here from minneapolis ) but i 'm very disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the costumer service i received here was awesome ! scott and gus were very patient with my dad and i as we tried upgrading my phone ! definitely coming here again , and recommending those two gentlemen to any one ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to this best buy and purchased a laptop computer . we had a wonderful salesman who was extremely knowledgable and helpful . we had the geek squad set it up for us and overall had a great experience . i also returned an electronic cord to best buy and customer service was very helpful . we were very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anthony at customer service check out last night was so helpful and friendly . great employee to have representing them . they need more of him around for sure . he acknowledged me while helping another customer which usually at this location does n't happen and he took care of me promptly . he 's definitely worth 5 stars ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scott is the man ! ! even though my wife was being a `` let me see your manager '' type , he had the patience of buddah and found what we needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will never shop at best buy as long as i am alive . terrible customer service . went in to exchange a cell phone case that was not the correct size ; the box was opened and subsequently it was revealed the phone did not fit the case . i did not have my receipt . the woman at the front desk refused to do an exchange without a receipt . this has never happened to me in all my life . bad treatment , bad service . i did find the receipt in the trunk of my car after consulting my husband . completely lame that you ca n't do an exchange for $ 20 item without a receipt . totally bogus and we will never patronize best buy ; not ever . no one should be treated badly during a transaction at any establishment . it 's not worth the reputation of your company . oh and called customer service before finding the receipt . waste of time and worthless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always servicing customers to the best of their ability . i like this location . never have any issues . thanks for replacing my nintendo ds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the inventory here is sparse unless you own an iphone . did n't find what i was looking for . they only have 3 items in the whole store for the droid x . they claim to be the top in cell phones and accessories . i just do n't see it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not really a fan of best buy or electronics shopping . my boyfriend and nephew love this place . i can say that the staff is friendly , store is clean , selection of items is good . this location is the closest to our home , however i have been to better best buy stores .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time coming here to this location is stood in front of geek squad for a good ten minutes trying to be patient and many of this employees walked by and not even one bother to acknowledge me so i left . even tho it 's really close to my home i will not go back to this location not just for this incident for previous one as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst shopping experience i have ever had in my life ! ! ! manager luis is a moron and has no clue how to run a business or even talk to people ! ! ! i filed a formal complaint with corporate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to seek help from the geek squad today for the first time ever . i have a high end gaming computer that spontaneously failed and i was at a loss for what to do . juan and kristen were professional , personable , and incredibly kind . i was blown away by their customer service . you guys won me back to best buy . i will definitely come back to you with any problems i have in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont have much to say because it was a quick in and out trip . went in to pick up something that was ordered online . clerk was friendly and there was no line so i was serviced right away . there was not many people in there and it felt kind of bare . but i cant really say much because i didnt do a lot of looking around . for the short trip here , i thought it was okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i needed a usb3 port external hard drive 1 terabyte . they had no technical knowledge what so ever . this was 1 of many useless trips where the staff did n't know their stuff and it took forever to get help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had an enjoyable dinner last night with friends . nice atmosphere , excellent waitstaff & very good food . i ordered the bucatini seafood fra diavalo ( $ 19 ) which was packed full of seafood . the table shared broccolini & spinach ( $ 5 each ) . the cannoli were to die for & priced at $ 6 for 2 large pieces . i have enough leftovers in my frig for 2 full meals-yum , i think i 'll head that way now ! next time i 'll try sharing a pasta dish & sampling a few sides .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice quiet italian place at the m. i 've been here a number of times by myself ; either just to grab a quick sit-down dinner after getting out of the office , or to work on something while i 'm having dinner . i usually get the chicken marsala , and pair it with a syrah and it goes together really well ! it 's amazing ! the food is very reasonably priced as well -- certainly no complaints there . service has always been on point on every occasion i 've been there . i would n't do a fancy dinner date here , but for the occasions that i go here for ; i think it 's a great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate at marinelli 's pasta bar last night for a late christmas dinner with my girlfriend , the pasta was great . our entrees were chicken piccata and veil marsala they were really well made dishes . what i most enjoyed was the pasta which is additional but well worth it because it really completes the dish since they pour the sauce over it . the sauce was a little watered down but all in all they were both pretty good . now my biggest disappointment was the calamari which was an epic fail . i took one bite and had to spit it out . it was rubbery , not crispy the batter did n't taste well . it really made for a bad first impression . when it comes to the service it was really great . he checked up on us often and treated us very well so the service really elevated this rating . i do n't think i will be making it back to this pasta bar does n't have much to draw you back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first 2017 vegas meal after 6+ hours of flying at the m resort . decided to sit at open kitchen bar and enjoy the food prep show which did not disappoint . knowledgeable waiter gave good recommendations that were spot on . opening bread was the weakest part of meal as they were not even warmed or heated at all , no butter but there was olive oil and balsamic vinegar sitting right in front of me that i used to make a dipping sauce . now all the good . first course was the well seasoned and dressed caesar salad of mixed greens with crotons and shaved parmesan , hello . then 2 perfect veal cutlets covered in marsala wine and mushroom that screamed at my palette . finished this feast off with baked ziti with grilled pancetta and peas served in boiling hot bowl with a slightly burned crunchy rigatoni top that brought tears of joy to my eyes . the food came fast and piping hot , good portions for an extremely reasonable price . i left smiling and happy , a winner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was our second time here , we made reservations at the same time we booked our trip to las vegas . we started off with a salad and the antipasto platter which was a lot of food in itself . i had the special which was an 18oz bone in ribeye . my wife had the linguini with clams . both dishes were superb , the steak was one of the best i 'd ever eaten . one thing to mention , ask the waiter twice about the specials , i did n't hear him mention the salmon or another dish , but did hear him mention it to other tables , i 'll be sure to browbeat them about it next time to make sure i know all my options . but this was a wonderful experience , we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for the happy hour . they have 5 drinks priced at $ 5 and they have 7 appetizers priced at $ 7 the drinks were amazing due to our having a fantastic bartender named pj..i actually went to the facebook page to give him props since he was so fab to us . they have this wonderful app thats a fried asparagus..it has a light tempura coating and comes with a garlic aioli thats addicting . we also had some polenta fries with a spicy dipping sauce . those were good but will order a double of the asparagus next time . it was a great ending to a great day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was poor . food tasted blend . salmon looked and tasted like chicken . dry and blend . meatballs here were top three worst meatballs i have eaten in my life .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "more like 2 1 2 food is good . menu is small and unusual . and service is very spotty . because of how good their chicken parmigiana is , i do come back i admit but ... every time , it 's the same service or lack of service ( unless you 're in a suit ) . i guess jeans and t shirt does n't cut it for type of restaurant ? the menu is weird because this is the first italian restaurant i 've been too where you order chicken parmigiana and it does n't come with any pasta . you have to order sides with any dish you order which is ridiculous . the wait staff is slow and always forgetful ... why do i still come back ... cuz it decent food at my fav casino but i 'm just counting down to the day they really disappoint ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was our first time staying at the m and dining at mainelli 's . i have to say we had an incredible meal here on saturday . our service was excellent , the prices reasonable and the food exceeded our expectations . all 5 of us had different menu items and we all agreed that each item was excellent . in my opinion , if you are looking for a good italian dinner you will be very happy with this choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met some friends here for a surprise birthday dinner . the restaurant ambiance was very pleasant . everything was clean and spacious . our waitress was absolutely wonderful . she was very attentive and gave us great service throughout our meal . i had the pacific salmon . the portion size was good . it was n't overly filling but enough to satisfy my appetite . it was cooked perfectly but lacked in flavorful sauce or marinade . i had expected a little more for a $ 30 piece of salmon without sides . i suppose the average meal brought down my rating for this restaurant . this was our first visit to this restaurant . i can always give it a second chance and see if they can bring up my rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at first glance this place looks great that is until i said no thank you after being asked if i would like to start with a bottle of wine . she was rude and short with us . the food was just okay ... really nothing to get excited about . not planning to come back any time soon", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't go there ! all the sauces taste the same too spicy and the pasta is undercooked . vodka sauce is the worst !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decided to grab dinner while staying in the hotel . without reservations , right around the dinner hour , they were able to seat us within a few minutes . they initially sat us on the balcony , but it was uncomfortably hot and sunny , so they put us at a decent table inside . our waiter was attentive and knew the menu well . a lady came around with a basket of tasty assorted breads , like , six times . for dinner , i had the branzino with cauliflower and asparagus , which was fantastic , if a little smallish . i 'm a huge cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e fan , and they happened to have a flight of 'em for dessert ( regular , coffee and chocolate ) , which i 'm still thinking about . drinks were small but strong . not sure i 'll ever go back , but for those staying at the m , i heartily recommend this place for a bite to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here many times . however on my most recent visit i was rather disappointed . they changed the menu and its really not as good anymore . i mean they charge more for some things and give you less . and on top of it they stopped making cannolis ! i probably wo n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "salty ! ! ! ! ! we had the veal marsala , filet , sea bass , and shrimp capellini . all were terribly salty . also , the piano player was awful . we felt like we were eating in a honky tonk saloon because of his playing style . we left before dessert because of him . so sad because the service was great and so was the decor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing remarkable about this restaurant . the italian food is just average . gf and i had two different entrees . neither was especially good . she had chicken piccata and the meat was tough and veiny . i had shrimp linguini . four ( 4 ) medium to small shrimp in a bowl of pasta half filled with water . even the waiter remarked that the chef failed to drain the water properly . i had to send it back and ask that it be re-made . after that , it was only fair . there are tons of good italian restaurants in vegas . chose another .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "generally the food is was good . service was excellent . at one point the manager noticed we were trying to get someone 's attention and he sent a different server to help us immediately . we had caesar salad , veal marsala and penne vodka for our me and i was very happy with all three . we did order a souffl\u00e9 from anthony 's next door for dessert and it was good , but a bit small . again service is as the top star here . the waiter was attentive and friendly , and all the staff we interacted with really did a great job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about marinelli 's . the food is amazing ( `` homemade '' pasta made fresh every day ) , service is top notch and friendly , prices are reasonable . i 've dined there several times , and have never been disappointed with their pasta dishes . i 've heard mixed reviews about the steaks , ... but quite honestly if you are going to an italian restaurant for steak ... well , you get what you deserve . i highly recommend the roasted peppers as an appetizer , along with the walnut and olive breads . and the italian chopped salad is amazing , and quite reasonably priced . do n't forget to grab a few chocolate mints as you 're walking out the door . i have friends who eat at marinelli 's just for the mints - they are that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had very good service . great wine . house cab was fabulous . not cheap $ 14 a glass . i had the ravioli which was very good . salad is ala carte and had the chopped for $ 8 . it was quite small but very good . friend ordered chicken picatta . it was served without a bed of pasta . i guess you have to order that on the side which seems so strange since pasta is so inexpensive . bread was a roll and not warm . it was good but i think next time i will go for italian at don vitos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "that it 3 start weak nice place but service so so bread are serve ice cold in your b & b plate no plate for the oil ... . seriously is an italian restaurant no cocktail or beer list just the expensive wines and champagnes we have to ask for cheese fo the pasta ... wow ... idk if ill return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ate here the other night and thought it was great all around ! we had a nice waitress that knew what she was doing , our appetizer , main dishes and dessert all tasted excellent ! ! i will definitely be coming back here all the time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the seafood diavolo ! delicious ! never disappoints ! ambience is excellent ! views - beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer here and i do n't even really like italian food . this was fabulous ! ! my grandma and i shared a caesar salad and chicken parmesan with spaghetti . the service was wonderful , the guys were rally nice and at least 4 people tended to us , making sure we were okay , and that we had everything we needed . wonderful place to eat and i do n't think the pricing is unbearable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh , not impressed . the portions are small which is fine , it 's the pasta that 's the problem . way undercooked pasta , with watered down sauce ... ..yuck ! ! and it 's a pasta place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the chicken piccata and veal marsala were fine , as well was the bean soup & caesar salad . ordered the broccoli rabe , it was over cooked to the point of almost mush . the best thing we had was the caesar salad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staying at the m hotel for a work conference and decided to try out marinelli 's inside the hotel . excellent food and service ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! everyone at our table thoroughly enjoyed everything that was ordered , from the apps to the main course and especially the wine list ! ! ! ! ! our server , doug was great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the reviews about the service is so correct ! it is very spotty and took forever to get our food , like an hour . we were close to where the staff conversed and there was another table that was unhappy , the waiter was telling the manager that he wanted to offer them free desert , the manager was like ice and just said ... ..no ( positive we were not supposed to hear this ) ! it really took us forever to get our food and we did not ask for any compensation and we certainly were not offered it . the food was just ok , nothing too special , on top of that i was surprised that they did n't offer a children 's menu . one time at the pasta bar was enough for me i will not be returning , high prices for mediocre food in a city where you can get anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in general the food was decent , prices were good , but service was bad . went as a party of 4 and food arrived in a relatively timely manner . unfortunately , our server , ken , seemed uninterested in his job , and even the assistants refilling drinks were not that good . our table ordered two salads and only ever received one . we had to remind ken about our side order of meatballs as well . he also bumped into my chair at one point without saying anything . that said , the food we actually did order was good . the prices are relatively low , probably because if you want pasta with most dishes you have to order it separately . everyone agreed that the best part of the meal was the fried mozzarella . it 's very smooth and both somewhat similar and somewhat unique as compared to a traditional fried mozzarella stick . it is odd that this place does n't take reservations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . $ 5 to add dry chewy chicken to penne alla vodka . $ 9 for an acidic house chianti . the open kitchen is not interesting in the least , there 's a reason why most chain food type kitchens are usually hidden . pasta was fine but completely forgettable . service was fine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "appetizers were really good , but 2 out of 4 meals were so salty that they burned when you tasted them . this is suppose to be a high end italian restaurant and the chef does not taste the food before he sends it out ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff was rude . thank god at least our food was delicious ... we had penne alla vodka , linguini con vongole , alaskan halibut , and lobster and shrimp risotto .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good restaurant and fantastic wait service . start off with 2 kinds of fresh bread and oil & vinegar . so good you ca n't eating ! had their green salad and it was a fairly big portion . very fresh . had the linguine vongole ( clams ) - very good and tasty . it was served in a big bowl . i had the white wine sauce . i 'd come back again and have their steaks next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here numerous times before and the food and service was excellent , this last time the soup was salty , the sauce was salty , server was good but not excellent , it took at least 45 minutes to receive our main entree ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my word for marinelli 's is consistent . this place is consistently excellent . i 've been about 10 times now and i 've tried different things each time . not because i do n't love what i had the previous time but i 'm so excited to try something new and love it just as much ! i usually sit at the bar when i go but on rare occasions sit at a table . the service at either the bar or table are always excellent . if you want a superb meal do n't pass this place up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great center for parents that want personalized attention and care for there children . it is not a large corporation where child is another dollar figure . the owners are very kind and have children in the school as well . the hours are very accommodating for las vegans who schedules are not 9 to 5 . open on the weekends is also a huge benefit . the young woman who owns the the center has been in child care and development for many years . her staff is hand chosen to follow the core beliefs that she has in place . most importantly my kids have not said that they dont like it and they have a lot of fun . they do a lot of differently activities to stimulate the kids growth and development .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as an overly protective grandmother , i felt certain that no day care center would be good enough to care for my angel , almost 3 years old , who has never been separated from her mommy since her birth other than the play dates she has had with me . i seriously contemplated quitting my job to care for my granddaughter myself when my daughter became employed . the experience at little hearts child care center has been a true blessing for us , my daughter , granddaughter and myself . the owners and staff are exceptionally professional and at the same time so loving and patient and concerned for the children . they read books and teach numbers , letters , shapes , creative projects and more . the children enjoy a clean and positive little environment set up so sweetly just for them . we are so happy and feel truly blessed for having this wonderful place where our little girl is sincerely welcomed by the staff and the other children . little hearts has turned out to be an extension of home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were visiting vegas and were figuring out child care options . we found little hearts child care center . the teachers there were excellent and the owner of the center was so caring to ensure our child received the best care possible . our child was there for a few days but would trust this child care center for years . we would strongly recommend this child care center for all those parents like us who would only be at ease in that their child is in the best hands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love little hearts ! ! my son was 2 years old when he started attending , & had never been to pre school or a child care center before . all of the staff were very caring & sensitive to that . the director ms. louisa is very personable & truly cares for all the children & families who attend . she takes the time to get to know each family personally & each child ; she is the one who often fills in for the teachers when they go on breaks so she really knows all the kids too . my son 's teacher , in the 2yr old class was amazing ; ms. akeela . she has a great disposition for that age group , very calm & patient . my son learned so much , singing songs , labeling colors , counting to 12 & getting along with his peers . little hearts has just the right balance of loving care & education for children . a great place that you can certainly trust that your child will be well cared for & also be learning at the same time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best ! reasonable rates and caring staff ! our daughter has been here for 2 years and we drive out of our way now to keep her here ! they treat her as their own and are 110 % trustable ! our daughter will be starting `` regular '' school in the fall and not only have they prepared her she cries at the idea of having to go to a different `` school '' ! if you are looking for a place to take your child i highly recommend you check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very happy with the care my 4 year old , energetic , child receives at little hearts child care in las vegas . he has been attending for almost 1 year . they have an enriching curriculum , fun activities , and healthy snacks . they even helped with potty training when he first started going . every time i have arrived to pick up my son , he is always in a good mood , and sometimes i wait for him to finish his book or current activity , before leaving . i have n't seen anything that concerns me when picking up or dropping off my son . the staff has gone above and beyond when it comes to my child 's care . i would definitely recommend little hearts child care to anyone looking for a safe and nurturing place for their child . big thanks to the staff and owner for doing such an awesome job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eat more chicken ... lol i have to say that normally i do n't sit around and write reviews for kfc tb or any fast food chain , you know ? me and some coworkers came here here and got a family meal . the young lady at the front counter was super awesome very polite and even through in some extras . ma chicken was fresh and delicious . biscuits and honey are really good . overall the locations is very clean . you can definitely know that you will walk out or eat in at this location very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ridiculous ! ! i called their complaint line and still a run around ! i ca n't stand to be called a liar i spoke to someone who said he was part of corporate and they act like i did n't . i wrote all of his information down . chicken tenders were like rocks ! ! i wo n't come to this kfc ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor management . all i have to say . corporate needs to get involved asap , this shit hole is going to close down quick . it 's 10 6 2015 at 4:00pm . i literally waited 20 minutes at the drive thru window ( and still currently waiting ) for anyone to come take my god damn payment . this has to be the worst way to conduct business . the manager , julia , did n't even bother to talk to us , instead just walked out of her shift . good job kfc , get your shit together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in to get dinner for the family service was great at first , tyler help us immediately with taking our order . then there was the usual kitchen banter while they were getting orders ready . the manager came out and asked for grilled chicken . ok fine you need food the nice kid tyler that help us out turned into a punk and said out loud ( for me and 2 other customers in the resturant to hear him ) i 've got it in you stupid b tch . then proceeded to repeat him self 2 more times . i promptly asked for my money back and i got an attitude from him and he stormed off to get the manager . when the manager came out i was in absolute shock that this little punk was cussing at his older female manager . i absolutley refuse to return to this location until the staff is changed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this kfc is an absolute disaster , just went through the drive-through completely screwed up our order wrong drinks wrong order no napkins no spoon to eat my bowl . did n't get a receipt to see how much we paid . corporate kfc needs to get involved with the store . the girl at the window and an attitude . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "biscuits were awesome . chicken in original did the trick but was a bit disappointed that they do n't have corn on the cob any more", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude , uncaring , and extremely unwelcoming . 100 thumbs down . i walked in . no one acknowledged me for about 2 minutes . the first girl to make eye contact with me stared at me , said nothing , threw some food in a bag and then walked towards the drive thru .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had hesitations about posting about this hidden gem . this kfc should be a model for othersin the chain as their food at this location is always cooked perfectly and consistent . i wont go to another kfc . the manager jose has this place running so smoothly and it is always neat and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location needs better quality workers who are happy to have a job good at customer service . the drive-through girl is always incredibly miserable . when you get your food it 's a freaking mess with mayo all over ca n't help it get it all over yourself as you 're opening up your sandwich . you hope they gave you napkins because you know you forgot to ask for them which is a tossup . inside your bag has been toss together . this is n't a one time occurrence this is multiple interactions at the same location and it needs to be addressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love kfc . hate this place . was just telling my mom how your order always goes up for negotiation here . ordered 20 pice hot wings . well they only have 15 . then the awkward silence then eventually i get `` do you still want 20 ? '' eff yeah i do ! if i wanted 15 i would 've ordered 15 . then they ask me if i wanted to substitute my wings with wedges . that is not equivalent exchange . so when you come here prepare to `` pull up please '' but first he prepared for someone to try to renegotiate your order to make their job a bit more easier .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every single person that went through the drive-through has to go sit in the parking lot and wait 20 minutes or longer ! this is absolutely ridiculous ordered a pot pie did n't get a fork ! ! ! ! you do need a fork or some type of silverware to eat a pot pie ! ! ! did n't get any napkins the coleslaw was sitting on top of the warm pot pie for some reason ! this kfc needs help ! look at how many bad reviews this place has ! will never return here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick fix for dinner after work but they always mess up our orders could n't get it right . i always order thru drive thru because it 's less hassle.idk how many times i get less than what i ordered and i will just found out about it when i get home ! arggh !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can i say it 's kfc . not too bad , not too good . what a i dislike about kfc is not the greasy chicken rather the lack of attentiveness by the employees . i can deal with food for five dollars , you get what you pay for . at least have your employees do their job . say hello.make sure there is enough chicken for orders and keep the restaurant clean . this place is a disgusting mess . dirty tables , trash containers full and no customers ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far the most incompetent crew out of all the fast food chains i have ever been to . i have given this places numerous chances before making this post . but fuck this place and all their dumb ass employees . who the fuck hired these ppl ? they need to get fired . you have people that ca n't take orders , place order in bag property , take payment properly , give change properly or offer customer service . whoever is the owner of this franchise needs to clean house or sell it since you obv do n't know how to control your establishment . get your head out of you ass . # -100stars # youowemestars", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm leaving one star because that 's the minimum i can leave . kfc at this location has lost my business . i do n't carry cash , like most people this day in age , and to ask me to pay $ .39 to use a debit card is bad business . when asked about the policy i asked to see a manager and was confronted by 3 employees that only recited , `` it 's policy '' . you are greedy and asking me to pay the cost of operating your business with nothing in return . goodbye kfc . if for some reason you change this policy please leave a comment and i may try you again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just left this place and it is 8:30pm . we ordered the 10 pc box combo that came with two sides . the lady who took our order was rude and acted like we were an inconvenience to her life . she only offered us the original style chicken . she then asked what two sides would we like when all she was going to offer was mash potatoes . with an attitude , she said that the mac and cheese was going to be another 15 minutes . we have n't ate the food yet but just like the service , i 'm sure it 's going to be sh t", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eric is amazing ! ! ! he was there to help when we thought we were forgotten about ! ! this is the kfc to go to in vegas ! ! ! ask for eric ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not understand why yelp will not allow you to put no stars ! ! we got food tonight and we are sick ! ! ! so i wanted to call and let them know and there is no way to call this store ! so i called the rainbow and told her we are all sick and she said `` ya um the only way to get ahold of them is going in ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located off the 215 , you ca n't miss it . i do like the staff which was friendly when i walked in the door . bathroom needed to be cleaned but the good was good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "back again for the food which is good here but the inside as nice as it looks from the eye is a dump . once again short staffed only two employees on duty mid day today . waited a bit to order . took a while to find one small table that was clean enough to sit at . the rest were filthy dirty sticky needing wipe downs . the trash can next to side door overflowing . the beverage dispenser orange soda basically spitting out orange water the syrup was out same with the brisk iced tea . had to settle for a drink i did n't want . i 'd recommend drive through but not dining in here sadly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i drove through they did n't have crispy so they asked me to wait 17 minutes 24 minutes later it 's still 3 more minutes and they are puzzled about why we are not happy", "score": "2"}
{"review": "poor service , long wait . the cashier was making the plates and took 30 minutes to take our order . first and last time i 'll be coming here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i changed my mind on my order , and i work in retail so i hate when customers do that to me , but the manager was very quick to change my order . the staff was very polite . what more can i ask for ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously , this place sucks ! every time i decide to go to this kfc somehow they always manage to forget to put everything i paid for in the bag . really ? it 's not that difficult .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am from california visiting las vegas . my husband and i decided on kfc , service was horrible , cashier never looked at us , never smiled ! they had the air conditioner on when the temperature outside was in the 40s ... it was freezing , i could n't enjoy my meal , could n't wait to leave !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ... me- can i order a meal with original chicken them- we 're gon na have to make it ... it 's a ten minute wait . me- okay that 's fine ... btw it 's 730 pm like 3 hours till closing . them- really ? you want to wait ... okay ... me- okay ? should i not ? them- it 's fine seriously , what in the world just happened ? it 's fine ? i know it 's just a fast food place but really ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i officially give up on this location ! i would this give this location zero stars if i could . i stopped going through the drive thru because they could never give me 100 % of my order . i ordered carry out inside and got home without everything i paid for ... again ! ! if you are charging me for all white meat , then give me what i paid for ! ! ! it 's just not that hard of a concept to grasp . it 's super aggravating to get all the way home and not have what you ordered and paid extra for . having to run back out to go argue over what was or was n't in the bag is too inconvenient . sorry , but i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this kfc sucks . they screwed up my order . the biscuits were hard , the chicken was dry , and one of the sides was cold even before i left the restaurant . i had to ask for my change back rather than be offered . the employee was rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "luckily i had cash on me since that 's all they were accepting . ordered then was told they only have original . huh ? i do n't get why if you are running low on chicken would n't you start making more before a customer orders . was told it would be 20 minutes decided to wait since i really was craving extra crispy chicken . turned out to be 40 minutes ! ! ! at this point i 'm expecting some freebies coming with our order . food comes out to our car no thank you no sorry for the wait . kfc needs to straighten out their restaurants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incompetent idiots that work there . asked me three times to confirm my order and then i get home and my order is still wrong ! it 's not that hard . so now i either go back because my kids food is n't in there and my kids go to bed late or i have to make them something else to eat after i just spent $ 30 for food that was n't even my order . not to mention the girl at the window threw the packets of honey and butter at us because she was annoyed that we asked and said `` here ! '' plus she gave us enough to supply us for the rest of the month . rude , incompetent , wasteful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here to give kfc another try since it 's been awhile . i go through drive thru at 9:30 pm 1 hour before closing and the girl tells me they have no chicken only grilled breast meat . wtf , how do you run out of cooked chicken at kfc ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had to give it a star to do the review , do not go here the food is so far below substandard and even though we received an offer to replace the bad food they suddenly lost the books these offers are logged in . what a joke of a kfc no one cares and they treat the customers lousy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this kfc . i get food fpr my firl friend and when the food is bad i look dumb . i have been to this kfc 2 times and both times i asked which was the freshest or newest chickem . they direct me to the freshest and both times it was really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was here to grab some food to go after work ; i did n't know but they 're cleaning up , getting ready to wind down to close . i ordered wings to go , and the nice young man said it 'll be a 10 minute wait and offered me a complimentary soda . i felt that was very thoughtful . when my food was ready , the young lady behind the counter apologized for the wait . she had a wonderful smile , and i did n't feel so bad for holding them up . the service was excellent . i hope kfc acknowledge these wonderful people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seen a lot of bad reviews on this place but i never really had any problems here except one time they filled my bucket with chicken from the back instead of the freshly made batch from the front . i asked why and they said do n't worry about it so i asked for my money back . they were hesitant at first and i told them if they fill my bucket up with chicken from the from then i 'm good ... they did so and i only come in on tuesdays and they take the chicken from the front . some employees need to smile a bit more but its all good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not go there ! worst $ 25.00 meal every had ! they should not be serving food to public ! they need to close the that store now !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst kfc ever ... only ordered one meal that included one piece chicken , a chicken little ( small chix sandwich ) two strips and a biscuit . what i got was two strips , a biscuit and a the chicken little buns for the sandwich wrapped up in foil.. i 'm super understanding , so if u leave out my piece of chix fine ill deal with it , but how can u forget to put in the chicken in a chicken sandwich ! ! ! and proceed to wrap in up in foil like its ready to sell ... it was n't busy at all and it 's very disappointing to see such bad service at this kfc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love kfc and this is the closest to my home but the service here is unfortunately not up to par . lack of customer service and i much rather drive further to go to another location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best service i 've gotten at any recent fast food restaurant lately . chicken was hot and fresh . no issues at all . asked me if i needed anything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have knew people with is great ! there food hot and ready ! also always make up for any mistakes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this kfc tonight , 04 28 17 , and ordered two of the new zinger sandwiches . both sandwiches had chicken that was completely raw . i 'm surprised the health department has n't shut them down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well i paid for a 16 piece of chicken i come home and i only have 10 in the bucket . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love my crocs , i have two pair of clogs but it\u00b4s better to order them online than coming to the store . they have bad customer service and the stock in the store is not even half of what is offered in the website . i wet this morning asking for a specific model i saw online and they do not have it , which is ok ... my beef is with the redhead guy with an arabic name who came to ask me what i was looking for , said he was going to check , turned around and made a detour to the register and did not even bother to do anything . the company is on the edge of bankruptcy , so if you love your crocks stock up on them online and don\u00b4t waste your time coming to the store , they may go belly up anytime anyway", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were walking past on our way to the train station and the lovely display caught my eye.. crocs used to be the shoes that mario batali wear and they were ugly . so i was surprised they have other styles along with the original . maybe montreal is the more fashionable trendy store but the shoes i found were really pretty , and light . of course , the bogo was a big incentive . while my husband was patiently waiting for me , i told him to take a look at the men 's section , he was under the impression that crocs are the mario batali original also.. he found something he liked also . at the end of this story , we ended up with 6 pairs of shoes between the two of us and we are not sorry we stopped .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just want to post an update that made my day - i brought in a pair of croc sandals that broke after just a couple uses . the ankle strap rivet came off , and despite buying them a year ago with no proof of purchase- they gave me store credit on the full price paid ( 35 $ ) . they were willing to exchange the pair for me too but that specific model was no longer for sale . employee by the name of dalil was extremely helpful and understanding . not only do they have awesome shoes , but service too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the galaxy swirl ... which was described as a mocktail . i 'm not really sure what 's in it but it tasted good and looked really pretty . like a galaxy ! i also had jelly with it too which came up to a total of $ 6 after you check in on yelp . they seem to have a lot of variety on the menu and fast service , but the store does get crowded in there when it 's busy . i was there on friday night and there was a huge line . in addition to that , there 's very little seating , however , there is a small room in the back where you can sit . i also like that you can have dinner at sushi 101 or asian fusion cafe beforehand since it 's right next door and then you can come get some boba tea afterward . it 's a good hangout spot ! next time , i 'm looking forward to try the okinawan milk tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , every time i 'm in tempe , i stop by here before my hour drive home . i always get the earl grey milk tea , and you can set your sweetness and ice level . my drink is always amazing ! they are all friendly , very flexible . their boba is really good . sometimes boba places have mushy boba , but not this place ! i 've been here 4 or 5 times , and their boba have been amazing every time . yay for tea swirl ! i love milk tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a decent place to get your bubble tea fix . everything was great . the service was friendly and quick . make sure you sign up for their rewards program . it 's an all digital program so give them your cell phone number . the one thing i do wish they offered more of is their slush . i do hope they develop more flavors for their bubble tea slush . besides that one thing , i give this place two thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been eyeing this place for months ! so glad it finally opened . this is in the same plaza as einstein bros and across from raising canes . the service i received today was top notch ! to be honest when i just heard the name i had my doubts . was this going to be another boba place fail with watered down drinks ? cough the blend cough.but i was pleasantly surprised ! their tops drinks are hokkaido milk tea & house swirl which is oolong milk tea . they let you customize sweet level and how much ice . its an asian thing to not have too much ice . i havent had hokkaido since forever so i tried it with white boba . the white boba was perfectly soft and chewy . hokkaido milk tea was still too sweet at 50 bit tasted like a light custard flavor . next time i will get house swirl or jasmine creama . this place gets best boba in the valley ! keep it up guys . tip : you get 15 % off with yelp check in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm new to this whole boba thing still but coming in i was greeted & welcomed instantly ! i was lost on how to order but one of the girls was guiding me and even offered me samples and walked me through the whole process . they take their time making the boba because it 's more natural compared to regular `` fast '' boba places . she explained so much and i 'll definitely be coming here more often for my boba !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite place to get boba . customer service was excellent and very helpful in helping me select my drink . i ended up taking the house milk tea with boba . the tea was $ 3.75 and the boba was $ 0.50 . the milk tea itself is very authentic ! best i 've ever had in along time . they allow you to pick your level of sweetness as well ! i picked 80 % which was perfect for my liking ! i will definitely be back no doubt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! legit boba near me ! as a california grown 626 ( san gabriel valley yes we use area codes ) kid this is my dream come true . moved to arizona for 3 years now and we would have to binge when we got home.. no more ! favorites : i prefer the black boba over the white , slight texture difference from a boba eating veteran but tbh i 'm just super picky cause i 've had tried soooo many . i stick to the basics like jasmine green milk tea and house milk tea . both good but jasmines my # 1 . okinawa milk tea is very interesting kind of like captain crunch soaked milk ... i personally am not a fan because i do n't have a sweet tooth but if you love sweets this drink is for you . my typical order : jasmine green milk tea + black boba + pudding my sister in law , husband , and i come weekly . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of options for drinks ! love that you can choose your sweetness level , and ice level .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm never on the east side so why not try this boba place . my first impression is why is there only two chairs at each table . there were four of us . so my two friends had to stand . it was awkward so we just left . ummm . they did n't have a bathroom ? ! weird . my mango boba slush was good . i liked it . it was n't too sweet it too bland . the galaxy looks better than it looks . : the lychee swirl was super sweet . i felt like i took a sip of sugar . it was not my favorite . overall . i 'll come back ... for the mango boba : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! love all the employees and the tea is to die for ! 5 stars ! ! keep doing what you 're doing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always go here for the okinawa milk tea ! i get it with 20 % sweetness and it 's always on point with black boba or pudding when i feel like changing it up . the boba is never overly sticky , it has the right amount of chew and honey flavor . i 've also tried the matcha as well , real tasty . not the most amazing i 've had but would order again if ever in the mood . bonus points for all their milk teas being dairy free ! tea swirl is probably one of my favorite boba places in phoenix . it 's my definite go to whenever i get a craving for milk tea !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tea swirl is a cool lil boba tea joint that is located by the asu campus . the staff that run the place are all very friendly , and helpful in decision making if you do n't know what you want . i 'm so happy to find boba growing in popularity in phoenix ... but this place is especially unique as they use taiwanese style methods . my friend really liked her lychee soda-like drink ... i forgot the name . and the boba in my son and my drinks were tasty and perfectly cooked . make sure you pickup their frequent flyer stamp card . ( tina was especially nice , and allen ? was really helpful ! ) might see ya there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was not impressed . i usually judge a tea shop from their basic milk tea which this place does n't really have ? i do n't know , i 'm a little confuse . there is a picture of milk tea on the wall so when i asked for one and they say that they do n't have it , i do n't really understand . they did offer something similar so i went ahead and order it but it 's definitely not the milk tea i 'm looking for . to top it off , it was pretty pricey and i left feeling disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like how they divided ice and sugar options in the menu for every single drinks . so far i have tried oolong milk tea with baby boba , regular house boba , and matcha greentea with boba . i usually order regular ice with 80 % sweetness , and i 'm good to go . staff are fast and super friendly , and do n't forget to use the check-in deals . they honor that as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have vegan milk powders here ! ! ! ! however i only ordered a jasmine tea , so yummy ! ! son ordere a chocolate milk tea with brown sugar boba ... pretty tasty as well . staff were all helpful and friendly my only complaint is the parking . same plaza as restaurants , bars and the comedy club so even though it was free , it was a pain !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service ; patient employees that are willing to take the time to help me decide what to order . also , interesting variety of drinks , such as the fizzy drinks . pleasant and very bright atmosphere . downside : the only black tea available is earl gray which is not everyone 's fave black tea . but ok , i got the earl gray and ... it was too milky to really taste the tea . i would definitely come back , however , and give tea swirl another go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy teas . came here twice so far . they have a lot of customization with their teas such as add-ins , ice amount , and sweetness . there drinks are colorful too ! depending if you get the special house drinks or not . i have yet to try one as i usually go for my go to of peach green tea . maybe i 'll try one when i 'm not rushed to make it for class so i have more time to look : ) the store itself is quite loud for me but i feel that 's normal in these types of setting . music prettttyy loud .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best boba in tempe ? if not definitely a contender for that spot . tasty flavorful tea with perfectly chewy boba mixed in . staff is friendly and while the location is a bit tucked away this place is the real deal . i got the house milk tea with white boba and 20 % sugar and it was made perfect ! the ability to control your sugar ice is a nice touch and the menu has a lot of varieties to choose from . judging by the signage and the dual language menu the owners are taiwanese ( edited ) and the boba they serve up is top notch . ( tea itself is quality stuff without the boba ! ) price is reasonable around $ 3.75- $ 4.50 on average so i do n't think the price is high as demi said . i like the minimal interior decor as well . super happy that a legit boba place is in tempe and so close to my office ! ! ! yayayay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the baristas , tori , was awesome . i called with a few questions about caffeine content and about how long boba lasts ( because it was late & i wanted to get a drink for tomorrow morning ) . she was genuine , sounded happy to help , and she gave me honest information . i 'm pretty sure it was her willingness to answer my questions and her friendliness that brought me in tonight . she ended up being the person to take my order and her sweet personality made my second visit to tea swirl especially pleasant . having a great product with just enough options is one thing that tea swirl does well , but what really makes this place stellar is the customer service . i ordered the jasmine milk tea half sweet with boba and it came out just right . i 'd have to agree with the statement i saw in another review : tea swirl is the best boba in tempe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "refreshing tea and service . everyone here was so friendly and willing to give recommendations . i had the peach green tea with lychee jelly and it did not disappoint . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a tuesday and they do n't open until 12:00 pm , so had to wait 15 minutes and then when i ordered they had no boba because it was cooking and would not be ready for another 30 minutes . suggestion for tea swirl , if you are a boba tea house and you know it takes 30 minutes to cook the boba , would n't you start cooking them at 11:30 am so they would be ready when you opened at 12:00 pm and have available . most likely will not come here again , customer service was horrible and that is being nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came back to try a different drink and was served powdery milk tea . wo n't be back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my all time favorite is jasmine green milk tea . so far this place makes it the best , at least in the tempe-mesa area . get it with 80 % sweetness and brown sugar boba . tried my wife 's okinawa milk tea . it 's good as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really cool tea place ! i got delicious milk tea and boba . everyone is really friendly who works there too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awk , i 'm reviewing this place again just to amend my previous statement . there is actually a better milk tea place in town , especially for the salty crema . i wo n't mention it on this review though . i 'd go back to tea swirl if i was in the area and had a hankering for boba . teehee", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is definitely my favorite place to get some real boba tea ! not only is the space really cute ( probably not big enough for study parties , sorry ! ) it 's got one of the most comprehensive boba tea menus i 've ever seen . my friend brought me here on a sunday afternoon , and i was pleasantly surprised by the menu- everything looked super refreshing , and i especially loved that you can customize your drink by sweetness level and ice . ( i recommend 50 % or less sugar ) they brew their teas fresh everyday , and their milk teas are legit . their crema teas have a layer of salty cream on top that is just so , so good . if you 've ever been to 85c bakery in california it 's a lot like their sea salt coffees or sea salt green teas . their boba is just the right texture and sweetness . i seriously love this place and would recommend it to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love tea swirl ! wish they had thai tea . their black boba is a lot smaller than regular black boba - keep that in mind . i might have accidentally choking on a few because of how small they are . lol . overall , would come back again . pretty pricey though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the house swirl milk tea is a delicious fragrant oolong milk tea , not the usual black milk tea , as expected , and i loved it ! i arrived just as they opened , and needed to wait a few minutes for the boba to be ready , so i ordered my tea first and they brought the boba out on the side later ! tried both the dark and the white boba , as i 've never had white boba before ... i think i like the flavor of the dark boba better ( although the white boba was pretty ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a couple times already and i can honestly say that their drinks are very decent . they use a combination of tea and milk so you can really taste a good portion from both . you can customized your ice and sweetness level . kudos to that ! the place is pretty small but besides that everything is great . good customers service and they make your drinks fast ! will definitely be back to try their other drinks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been tea swirl frequent customer for a while . i go here 2-3 times a week even though i live 35mins away . today , i went in and noticed that they increased the price . it was n't cheap before but now it is pricey . now i would have to spend $ 6 for what i usually like to drink . i ca n't justify myself to pay $ 6 for a cup of tea when the quality and quantity are the same ... .too bad that they increased the price and i am a cheap a person so i probably wo n't be coming back here . i will get my boba tea somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great tea-based selections that you are unique to tea swirl . i love the fact they let you choose the amount of sweetness and ice up front and the staff are knowledgeable about how it will affect your drink . i really enjoyed the taro milk tea and the mango lychee green tea both times i was there , the taro was milky and did n't have that powdery feel that taro flavored drinks sometimes has and i really enjoyed the hint of lavender that came through . the mango lychee green tea was n't too sweet either , which i like , thanks to the cashier recommended me to get 20 % sweet instead of the 50 % i asked for , and assured me that they will sweeten it more if needed . the only qualm my bf had was that they did n't let him add boba to his lychee swirl , because it is a preset drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! they have a great selection of different teas , slushes , and toppings . plus you can customize your drink with sugar and ice level . i tried the house swirl milk tea with pudding and 50 % sugar level and it was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a great selection of teas to choose from , and the boba is just as good as the ones we have in l.a . the owner is from taiwan , the birthplace of boba , so he definitely knows his boba . this place even let you customize the amount of ice and the level of sweetness for your drink just so you can have your perfect cup of tea . if you have not tried this place , you should definitely give it a try . did i mention that you also get great services ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to me , this is just another bubble tea cafe , but it does have a good location in that it 's close to asu tempe . so i ordered the classic bubble milk tea . it was like what one would expect from bubble milk tea . one thing that i do give major props for is the option to choose ice and sweetness level . reminded me of the places in taiwan . puts me in control . the other places that i have been to does not have this option , so their drinks either are too sweet or not sweet enough , usually the former . anyway , i would come again if i was eating at buffalo wild wings and wanted some dessert afterwards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is legit . they do n't have quite as many options as some places , but they make up for it with delicious drinks and amazing service . they are so friendly ! the menu is a little difficult to navigate , but they are happy to answer questions and give suggestions . i highly recommend this place . i love the jasmine milk tea , taro milk tea and okinawa milk tea . brown sugar boba is super yummy ! thanks for being awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in and sampled the difference between honey and brown sugar boba , the lady who helped me was very helpful and informative . the boba was so fresh , soft , warm , and chewy . i thought i was about to enjoy some great milk tea with brown sugar boba and coffee jelly . so i took the drinks ( i bought 3 ) to my car , 5 mins later , i had my first sip . the boba was horrible ! the milk tea was good , coffee jelly was yum , but the boba was very hard and old ! what happened ? did they give me old boba different than the ones they gave me for sample ? im so mad to myself why i didnt take my first sip when i was still there . i couldve asked them to change it with the fresh ones . im sitting here in my car staring at my full-cup drink but i cant even drink it . what a waste ! i feel being cheated ! ! ! tea swirl , you can not serve old boba period . it 's wrong !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so dang good ! okinawa milk tea with white boba & jade tea crema with black boba drink taste is consistent . must try if you 're a boba fan ! yummmy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you should add food such as crepes . that would be quite a high selling point . over all every time i go here the service is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely excited that there 's a new boba place in az ! first time i went , my friend and i got the okinawa and earl grey milk tea . okinawa was great and the earl grey was n't terrible , but i 'd get the okinawa over it any time . p.s- one of the reviews on yelp said they had hokkaido milk tea , but when i went there in sep 2016 , they do not have it : ( i hope they add that to their menu ! starting to love places that use `` five stars '' as their little promotion , since they often will send you 10 % off drinks just cause . i just wish it was a little closer to where i live , but i 'll def be going often !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! the bf has marked this his new favorite boba spot . he had a milk tea with regular boba , and i had a slush with white boba .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and the staff was extremely helpful in helping me choose a delicious tea ! i had just finish lunch so unfortunately i was too full to get boba but i went for the mango lychee tea with lychee jelly ! ! i ca n't wait to go back and try their slush , milk teas , and add some boba ! ! so happy this little shop has opened near my work for a perfect refreshing lunch time drink snack", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love tea swirl but i wish they opened at 11am or 11:30am instead of noon : ( i recommended the honey earl grey milk tea with brown sugar boba . i used to get original jelly but they took it off the menu since it tasted too similar to lychee unfortunately . i hope they bring it back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i adore this place , the service , and the variety of boba flavors . the place also has such a pleasant sweet smell too . i have had the galaxy drink two times and the other times , i have generally had their jasmine tea and other milk teas . their drinks are super pretty . the employees there are always so sweet and kind too . the only drawbacks would perhaps be the generally high costs and sometimes long wait times ( when it gets crowded ) but otherwise , this little location has great drinks and is a fun go-to place for university students .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my roommates brought me to check out this new boba place . so glad i did ! the staff was very helpful and kind with their suggestions . i am lactose intolerant and they were all knowledgeable about the fact that their milk teas do not contain lactose . ( and they will soon be getting almond milk . ) i ordered the taro half sweetened with brown sugar boba . it was the best boba drink i 've had ! i would definitely recommend getting your drink half sweetened or even 25 % sweetened because it was perfect . i ca n't wait to be back to try other flavors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea swirl is one of the best boba places i 've tried in arizona ! i tried the peach mango green tea with lychee jelly and aloe . it was absolutely delicious ! they have so many customization options like ice level , sweetness level and a large variety of jelly toppings ! the workers were very nice and i got my drink super quickly ! i definitely recommend coming here with friends for friendly service and delicious boba drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited here many times , but they always make me wrong drinks . especially when i ordered to go , i could n't exchange when i realized the drink was wrong . will not come back again terrible experience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tea swirl is the best boba in arizona , no question . today i ordered a honey jasmine milk tea with black boba and it came out amazing . since i ordered it with light ice , i sweetened it at 80 % and it was perfect . i love that you can sweeten it with honey instead of sugar if you 'd like . the black boba was a perfect consistency , and the option of a slightly larger white boba is nice . the people behind the counter are always friendly and helpful when it comes to recommendations ... i have been a consumer now since last july when they opened and they have always been delicious . thank you tea swirl for your authentic & tastey product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overhyped . i went here because my instagram was buzzing it about it . the cool drinks were the carbonated colored drinks . it looks pretty but its taste were average . i 'd rather by a sprite and add flavoring myself . while the decor was really cute , if you are going for drinks , there are better boba or soda shops around", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being chinese and from the bay area in california has left a serious void for good pearl milk tea in my life in arizona . this place has hands down the best milk tea i 've been able to find in the phoenix area since moving to asu four years ago . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove all the way from phoenix to tempe to try this place and we were not disappointed . we got the pomegranate sparkling , the special galaxy , and the blue angel . they were all really good and the staff was very helpful and answered every question we had . i will definitely make the drive to come back again and try the milk teas next time ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my boba and i love trying new combinations . tea swirl makes that easy because they have some of the most creative combinations i 've seen . that and the perfect boba i am hooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! super friendly staff and awesome drinks . i always come in when ciara and kylie are working . these girls always have tasty recommendations to give ! overall great place and i look forward to coming every week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place come here almost everyday , staff is awesome and boba is great , plus the owner is there all the time interacting with customers all the time , which makes it very personable . great experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best boba tea ever ! ! i like the creamy milk tea and the milk tea here is so rich . as i know , they use organic sugar to make every drink ! just love it\uff01", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the boba was okay . not the best i 've had , and i was expecting better considering the reviews . i ordered a taro slush with black boba . it tasted very watered down . the shop is really cute , though ! will still come back and try more of the signature drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've got no complaints ! this is a solid $ 5 cup of boba . the boba is tasty , the tea taste fresh ... and the service was very friendly ! i brought my daughter in at one month old and they were very receptive to her ... very family oriented .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally authentic taiwanese boba in tempe , maybe all of az . authentic milk tea , delicious boba , great tea and a perfect place to stay and chat with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great addition to the milk tea scene in az . bringing traditional blends together with hybrid styles and flavors . they are raising the bar for specialty drinks and boba . like the taiwanese places back home you can select your preferred level of ice , sweetness and topping per drink . it 's in a good spot relative to asu and has lots of parking . try the house blend or okinawan milk tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place yesterday . really small spot , kinda easy to miss . it 's hard to find good bubble tea spots in arizona . however , i was really happy with this place ! i got the jade tea swirl with crema and boba . i loved it , so delicious . will be visiting this place when i 'm around the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . almost a 4 star rating if my hot tea came out hot rather than just warm . nonetheless , you can tell this place brews real tea and none of the milk tea is from a powder mix . the store is very clean . i would visit again to try other drinks and perhaps bump up the rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got the jasmine tea half iced 20 % sugar . i can not say i loved this placed but will probably go back after yoga at sumits . they offer a ton of options and concoctions so will have to give it another go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection and they were able to adjust the sweetness which i like . the place was packed . too noisy to hang out and chat with all the blenders going , but it was a nice space . just wish boba places had a decaf tea option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the boba is very fresh tasting . the staff is super nice and the best part is you can choose your sweetness level ! a lot of times boba tea is too sweet but the 50 % sweet earl grey tea tasted perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in northern california but was visiting my sister in tempe over christmas break . the place has nice interiors and an elaborate menu . will recommend the jasmine green milk tea ! great place and the staff is nice ! ! they have a huge choice for jelly- including mango and passion fruit which is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited to get milk tea here , but i feel customer service needs work . i walked in 5 min til noon ( not knowing they had n't open yet ) the girl said we are n't open yet . as it was just 5 min before they open they could n't just asked if i could wait for a few minutes as they get ready . once i leave the store , i am not coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "trendy boba tea spot near asu . when i have stopped in i believe i have always been the only non college student . staff is friendly and helpful when i have sought out recommendations for different boba tea options . my favorite is the jasmine milk tea , regular ice , 50 % sweet with black boba . it is delicious and not overly sweet as other boba teas i have tried .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great boba ! trust me when i say , i 'm a pro boba drinker . a must try ! yum", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only my second time getting boba ( or jelly ) so really do n't know what i 'm doing as far as ordering . the young lady at the counter was super helpful at answering my 50 questions and did great making recommendations . she did n't make me feel stupid at all . i got the passion fruit tea 20 % sweetness with pineapple jelly - yum ! will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wanted boba last minute so i decided to try this place since i was near campus . i ordered the okinawa milk tea , 50 % sugar , with brown sugar boba . this was so disgustingly sweet that i could n't finish half of it . it also did n't taste like okinawa milk tea . the boba in my cup was heavily clumped together and very mushy . the only upside was the boba taste was on point . i wo n't be going back here for a $ 5 cup of disappointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered a passion fruit slushy with boba and two of the house swirl milk tea . first the service , they were friendly and helpful seemed enthusiastic about their products . the regular brown sugar boba is one of the best we have had in town and the tea was flavorful does n't seem to be drown out with the sweetness of the sugar and cream . will definitely come back again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best boba i 've had on the east side so far ! white boba and coffee jelly were amazing ! loved the great service i received as a first time customer and really enjoyed my house swirl milk tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff were friendly and helpful . they explained every details that we , newbies , asked . also , since it is on the fivestars app , i can start getting discounts too . way better than chatime in tucson ! wish i found this out earlier although i live 10 min away", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am obsessed with boba lately and this place is one of the best . it 's completely customizable - you pick your tea flavor , cream , add ons ( boba , pudding , jelly etc . ) , even ice and `` sweetness '' level . today i got the galaxy , but usually i get the taro with black and white boba ( it tastes like sugar cookies ! ) the service is great , it 's fast , and the drinks are delicious . their loyalty program is also great , and they offer great rewards and incentives . check this place out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the look of place but the music is loud and the lighting is very dim . i liked the fact that there was free wifi and power cord plugs for customers to chill and hang out . perfect for being by college but the loud music might be an interference . not really a fan of the cashier because i received an attitude when i asked about certain drinks . the line can get long so beware . order comes out quickly though so that 's a perk . overall , it was a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tea ? more like a cup of straight up diabetes . the taste reminds me of kool-aid , but sweeter . came here for tea , ended up paying $ 5 for a cup of kool-aid . over hyped and overpriced . 2 stars cuz it did look pretty cool before mixing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not as great as i thought it would be . drink is mediocre ... not great . it is near by a college place so maybe that is where they gets most of their business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love how customizable the drinks are here . the ability to choose the level of sweetness is brilliant . only downside is that i got there right at opening and there was no boba available", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute small little milk tea boba cafe located close to asu . the store has small little benches and tables to sit at to bring in your laptop and just chill , do homework , or just kill time ( like me ) . they had the wifi password written really small in someones handwriting in the front of the register which is kind of inconvenient as i had to cut a bunch of people in line to just take a quick picture . the little white chairs were really loud when u scooted out which brought alot of attention to me and i wished for a second they didnt have them lol . when i made my order there was an option to tip ... .. ( ? ) i was kind of confused because they arent servers ... .. if one of you workers reads this review and your paycheck actually relies on customers tips , lmk because if not ... like wtf lol . and i ordered the house swirl with boba which tasted pretty good . 4 stars for the actual drink , 2-3 stars on atmosphere , decoration , and overall vibe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service very patient explaining options . some interesting combinations compared to other milk tea places . got a jasmine milk tea double crema with white boba @ 50 % sugar - tasty but not too sweet . i 'd come here again . only negative not a lot of seating in the front entrance area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the blue angel is the most disgusting drink in the world . taste like vinegar . do not get it ! ( unless you wan na prank a friend and watch them suffer ) atmosphere : 4 blue angel : 1", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this little boba shop ! they have a good variety of flavor options , good boba and allow you to pick your sweetness level . my favorite is their okinawa tea ! i like how there is plenty of seating space and wifi . all drinks are custom mixed so while their prep may be slower than other shops , the end result is well worth the wait ! it also helps that their staff friendly , helpful and does a great job of keeping the place clean !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burger in stuggitown ... wobei es schon arg au\u00dferhalb liegt ; ) nur der hipster style ist gew\u00f6hnungsbed\u00fcrftig , aber bei dem essen kann man da gut dr\u00fcber hinweg sehen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die nachtschicht ist ein echt kultiger laden . ich habe selten einen so gutgelaunten und lustigen service getroffen . der laden war propevoll und wir sa\u00dfen mit anderen g\u00e4sten zusammen an einem tisch . der laden scheint immer \u00fcberf\u00fcllt und ist dementsprechend ziemlich laut . das essen und die getr\u00e4nke lie\u00dfen trotzdem nicht zu lange auf sich warten . die burger waren sehr lecker und haben satt gemacht.sie sind mit einem ordentlichen fleischpatty belegt , die br\u00f6tchen haben eine gute konsistenz und die individuellen belage geben dem ganzen eine sch\u00f6ne note . auch die pommes konnten \u00fcberzeugen . ich w\u00e4re hier sicher \u00f6fter , wenn es nicht so schwierig w\u00e4re , einen platz zu finden .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beste burger ! das essen ist wirklich lecker . die hausgemachten so\u00dfen schmecken hammer und und freue mich jedes mal , wenn ich dort esse . leider ist es manchmal voll , aber das spricht f\u00fcr sich", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jetzt hab ich gerade hin- und her-\u00fcberlegt ob es 4 oder 5 sterne waren . wir kamen kurz nach 22 uhr , und durften dennoch noch drei burger bestellen . ( bei dem namen h\u00e4tte ich das aber auch ehrlich gesagt erwartet . ) ich fand den burger lecker , die pommes waren mit schale wie in amiland und der service war prompt und lustig drauf ! und danach gabs noch ein amuse gueule ( feigent\u00f6rtchen ) f\u00fcr die umme aus der k\u00fcche . also : warum nicht 5star ? wir kommen sicher mal wieder ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die burger sind gut , aber auch nicht besser . der krautsalat und die pommes sind nichts besonderes . der service ist ein desaster . mindestbestellwert f\u00fcr eine lieferung liegt bei 50\u20ac - wenn sie nicht liefern wollen ! dann sollen sie es gar nicht erst anbieten . heute aber der hammer . bestellt f\u00fcr acht ( ! ! ! ! ) personen . geliefert und abgerechnet f\u00fcr sieben . auf die frage , bis wann der fehlender burger geliefert wird , kommt die aussage `` wegen einem burger fahren wir jetzt nicht mehr los '' dies zum thema service und das war sicher unsere letzte bestellung .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das zweite mal waren wir nun hier . leider konnte es diesmal das niveau vom letzten mal nicht halten . diesmal hatte ich ein burger mit jalape\u00f1os , leckeren r\u00f6stzwiebeln und bacon . leider war im patty so viel pfeffer drin , dass ich kaum die jalape\u00f1os schmecken konnt , zum gl\u00fcck war di bbq sauce in einem extra sch\u00e4lchen , da sie kaum geschmack hatte und viel zu sauer war . die pommes , die man extra dazu bestellen muss waren leider etwas labberig . preis leistung h\u00e4lt sich gerade noch so im rahmen , aber ich z\u00e4hl es eher zu den teueren burgerl\u00e4den . schade , dass der lustige , \u00fcberdrehte kellner nicht da war . da h\u00e4tte es wohl ein sternchen mehr gegeben", "score": "3"}
{"review": "allgemein wir gehen immer wieder gerne zur nachtschicht . das essen ist ein traum , alles frisch und sehr lecker , raffinierte saucen , liebevoll angerichtete speisen , konstante qualit\u00e4t und eine abwechslungsreiche auswahl . man wird liebevoll und aufmerksam bedient so dass man sich direkt zuhause f\u00fchlt . die preise sind durchaus angemessen . einfach toll ! bedienung s\u00e4mtliche angestellte sind immer charmant , aufmerksam , humorvoll und zuvorkommend . das essen bin zum gr\u00f6\u00dften teil vegetarier aber hier ist ein burger ein muss ! obwohl es auch vegetarische varianten gibt . die qualit\u00e4t des fleiches schmeckt man einfach . das ambiente liebevoll eingerichtet mit liebe zum detail . coole musik und gute laune schaffen eine gem\u00fctliche atmosph\u00e4re . sauberkeit einwandfrei !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slowfood \u00fcber den man nicht meckern kann . burger sind sehr gut , beilagen sind angemessen , sandwiches und baguettes alles super lecker . leider war letztes mal die vege zettli etwas sehr matschig . `` liegt am neuen rezept das gerade noch verbessert wird '' dann hoffen wir mal das es in zukunft besser wird !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waren schon \u00f6fters dort . burger sind gut leider zu wenig oder keine so\u00dfe drauf . muss extra bestellt werden . selbstgemachte eistee 's sehr lecker . patty auch gut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr leckere burger aus frischem hack . leider etwas klein . aber trotzdem immer einen besuch wert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alles klar ! wer definitiv den besten burger der stadt essen will muss die zone 10 verlassen und nach obert\u00fcrkheim zu den dschungs von der nachtschicht ! da k\u00f6nnen sich alle buden im zentrum mal ne dicke frische scheibe abschneiden . perfektes bun , paddie , gew\u00fcrz verh\u00e4ltnis ! alles frisch alles selber gemacht ! reeeeeeeeespect ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy ! fresh original menu ideas , friendly staff , funky cool atmosphere . prices are great , considering the portion sizes . their patties and buns are their own recipe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "war heute mit einer freundin dort essen , da ich letzte woche in der s\u00fcddeutschen einen bericht dazu gelesen habe , dass es der beste burger stuttgarts sein sollte . kurz und schlicht : die erwartungshaltung an den burger waren hoch , doch konnte dieser meine erwartungen locker \u00fcberspringen . ausf\u00fchrliche erfahrung : der erste bissen war ph\u00e4nomenal . das fleisch ist so dick wie ein daumen und so locker und feucht das es einem das wasser im mund zerlaufen l\u00e4sst . und dann , das br\u00f6tchen sch\u00f6n knusprig und noch warm . nun der 2te bissen ... wow was ist das ? da hat mich ein g\u00fcrkchen gek\u00fcsst , welches besser gar nicht schmecken konnte . so leicht salzig und ein kleiner geschmack von essig , einfach erfrischendes erlebnis . mit einem satz . der burger war der beste den ich je gegessen habe . kraussalat habe ich leider erst nach dem burger probiert , war dann leider nicht der burner . pommes waren i.o .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first hero burger restaurant . it 's in hazelton lanes , a swanky shopping centre , and it 's by far the best one . they keep crappy hours , like they close at 5pm every day and open at 11am , and they are certainly not fast , but in comparison to the other locations , they seem to be the only ones who 've ever actually eaten the product , or know it at all . the service is great and even the cooks are personable . this is where you go for your first . once you 're in love , then you can start trying on the others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unimpressed . basically you 're paying gourmet burger joint prices for quality that does n't even match harvey 's . the soul burger , aka veggie burger , is $ 7.79 with fries and a drink . i upgraded the fries to a poutine for an extra $ 2 . the veggie burger was a thin , bland patty with hardly any toppings . i asked for extra pickles and still only got about 3 tiny slices of pickle and they were the cross-sectional slices rather than the larger lengthwise slices . lame . the fries were undercooked and the gravy was bad . at least they use proper cheese curds in the poutine . some of my coworkers got the meat burgers and they were equally unimpressive . thin , tasteless , pre-formed patties . if you 're looking for a quick and cheap burger go to harvey 's . for a proper gourmet burger go to craft burger or one of the many other gourmet burger joints in town . do n't bother with hero burger . it 's the worst of both worlds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the first , and best , hero burger in the city . the beef is higher quality and they have some good sauces ( the maple chipotle is a personal favourite ) . nothing spectacular , but it 's clearly a better option than fast food burgers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awful ! pre-formed rubbery burger patties with zero flavor . the fries are soggy and under-cooked . reminds me of the tasteless harvey burgers i had as a teenager , when harvey 's was the only burger place ( other than steak n burger ) in town . toronto in 2009 deserves better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the original hero certified burgers . nothing beats the original ! friendly staff and of course who can pass up on their awesome home made sauces ? whenever i 'm in town i always make sure to stop by for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally unimpressed with this burger . the meat was gray ... . yes , gray ... . and fairly tasteless . the sauce was ok , but made me think mcd 's , and the bun tasted rather stale . thankfully i did n't order the fries - my friend did , and they were n't anything special either . what a waste of money ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the burgers are fine . but they are slow . really slow . but ... they are also the only burger and fries immediately in the vicinity . both the mcdonald 's and the harvey 's across from the rom were sacrificed to build condo towers . if the harvey 's were still open , i 'd go there instead -- cheaper and the food was better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got a grande iced green tea latte and a macadamia nut cookie today . even though it was really busy , the employees were very pleasant which made the wait worth it . great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always busy . long line ups but relatively quick service . drinks are consistent . at times the line is outside the and winding to the next store but now with the app , it 's much better", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what makes this place special is that it is so busy and staff is happy and wonderful i always score a free sample of something while in queue they are rockstars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a cozy little spot in indigo . despite being very busy ( there is always a line and you have to watch like a hawk for a table and grab it ) , the customer service in here is top notch . i used to come here to read and write . once i even left my phone here and it was kindly returned and staff kept for me . ( thank you honest person who returned it ) . so i guess i have some positive feelings about this", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a pretty small starbucks nestled in the back of the indigo at yorkdale mall . they do n't have that many chairs here so be prepared to wait or grab a seat before ordering . the counter can get backed up with all the people that come here but the staff work smoothly so it does n't take long before you 're served .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is always busy but what made me want to write a review is their lightening speed service . the wait time to get drinks is minimal , even shorter than the time it takes to order . today on a friday afternoon , they had a super speed barista . he was pumping out multiple fancy drinks per minute and standing there waiting for my drink was like watching a show lol . 5 stars for him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hand down , my favorite meal while in montreal this summer ( 2010 ) , and , also , one of the relatively less expensive . having read some of the less-than-stellar reviews of the main plates , we ate almost all tapas ( small plates ) , other than one main cheese platter . unlike a lot of tapas restaurants , the tapas were not drenched in oil , and the food was not heavy . the portions were tiny , but we were totally satisfied with about 8 tapas , and one main . the servers - including the food runners - were uniformly beautiful , which helped . the restaurant is located in a charming residential 'hood a couple of blocks off st. denis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was made for my heart and my stomach . if it were up to me , every restaurant would be based on tapas , so i can try a little of everything . inside this warmly lit cozy restaurant , you will find some of the most interesting dishes , using some of the most amazing ingredients . each time i go , i try different tapas and so far , i have yet to be disappointed with any creation they have . i love the paintings they have , the windows , and the service has always been spot on . if i had to play favourites for their tapas , i would have to say the wild mushroom and escargot , the smoked salmon with beets , and the sardine with avocado was to die for . their wine list is very thoughtful of the various dishes they serve . i liked the opportunity to try wines that are n't the average run of the mill house specialties . if i was a restaurant , i would totally marry this restaurant and live happily ever after .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent petit bistro a tapas , ici nomm\u00e9 pintxo ( prononc\u00e9 pintcho ) , l'\u00e9quivalent basque du premier . c'est tr\u00e8s petit alors il faut r\u00e9server d'avance ! le menu regorge de bouch\u00e9es ou de plats principaux nous faisant saliver : pieuvre grill\u00e9e , canard fum\u00e9 , morue noire , p\u00e9toncles , chorizo , et autres ! on nous recommande 5 pintxo par personnes , mais pour moi 4 a \u00e9t\u00e9 amplement suffisant ( 32 $ en tout , pour 4 ) . vous avez le choix de les prendre a la carte et d'agencer ce qui fera vibrer vos papilles , ou bien de prendre le menu midi , tout aussi d\u00e9licieux , mais choix du chef ( et plus abordable aussi.. ) comme les photos le d\u00e9montrent , il y a un cellier a vin , donc plusieurs importations priv\u00e9es et autres nectars a d\u00e9guster ! ne vous laissez pas rebuter par les apparences simplistes de la fa\u00e7ade , c'est une vraie petite caverne aux merveilles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best tapas in montreal ! authentic and small like real spanish tapas should be ! do n't even consider the main dishes ... order a bunch of `` pintxo '' ( the basque word for tapas ) and indulge ! try the mushroom stuffed with lamb ! trust me ... you will definitely be ordering another one . great selection of red spanish wines that accompany the palette with elegance . and go ahead and stuff your face with their warm home-made bread and equisite extra virgin olive oil ! does n't get better than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tappas restaurant . 45-minute wait . the restaurant was especially busy on saturday . friendly staff . had an ice cider while waiting for table . nice ambiance , a bit loud at times due to patrons . big wine list ; tappas were meant to be had with wine after all . tappas were good , but really small portions for the price . garlic shrimp and calamari were ok. mushroom and snail was good , as was foie gras . kind of filled up on their bread . main dish was n't anything special . had a lamb shank with couscous . for foodies , i would venture . i 'm certainly not , so i felt that it was way expensive for what i was getting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was told to be one of the best tapas in mtl but for me it was just regular . i agree that they have a great variety of food but the portions were definitely too small , 3 bites max for each tapas . yes average plate prize is 5 to 8 $ but u have order around 10 plates to satisfy your stomach . and since the place is very small , tables are very close to one another so not fit for an intimate dinner", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars.. rounded up my buddy , my fiancee and i came here for dinner recently to get away from all the french food we 've been eating.. they recommend you get 5-7 tapas.. but you can do fine with just 4.. although there were plenty of tapas.. some were pretty bad ( gazpacho , grilled vegetable , octopus ) , others were just ok ( beef cheeks , quail ) .. there were also also some that were quite good ( cod , clams ) .. if you ever come here.. definitely get the cod as well as the clam dish", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pintxo is upscale dining at its best . from the moment you step in , you can feel this will be an exciting culinary experience . i always get a bit nervous when i go there : `` what will i eat ? what will i drink ? what if i miss out on something ? who 's that girl i 'm with ? '' . you have to know , this is not tapas , this is pintxo , which means the portions are bound to be smaller than what you would expect form your regular tapas place . that being said , everything is fresh , tasty , inventive and unpretentious and the fact that portions are small means you can try more things . i highly recommend ordering a bunch of pintxos and just skipping the main course , you 'll have a ball ! it 's a bit on the expensive side , but it 's well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an excellent restaurant . christophe was our server and he was wonderful . our french is non-existent but we try . christophe was very patient and helpful and we really felt he was pleased we were dining with him . some places we have been , the servers seem a bit put off by our lack of french . anyway , the food is unique and clever . we just had pintxos , no main dishes . i would say that 8-10 will do you fine . 12 tops . add a bottle of wine and with tip you 'll spend between $ 150-200 . do yourself a favor and read about the very unique basque culture before coming . it 's not super traditional , but the menu certainly gives a nod in that direction . do n't miss the basque cod and the venison . definitely my favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first time ... but definitely not our last . all 4 of us ordered the chef 's choice 4 pintxo 's plus a rack of lamb ( my absolutely favourite meat ... which even comes with a handle : - ) ) we also let the waiter suggest a wine . it may have been the easy way for us newbies ... but it resulted in the perfect dinner experience . everything was delicious ... the lamb serving was more than generous ... service was excellent . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the menu consists of more than 25 small plates , small bites of spanish and portuguese-influenced foods . the food is creative , quite delicious , and the atmosphere is generally cozy and boisterous . serviceable wine list . this is an excellent neighborhood restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tres bien ! at first i was afraid we 'd made the wrong choice for dinner -- -- the menu did n't feature an obvious vegetarian option other than a garden salad . but , after asking our [ stellar ] server if this was going to be a problem , he assured of us it was not . i was given chef-created , vegan options based on my veg likes and dislikes , and it was the best meal i had in montr\u00e9al the weekend i was there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the best restaurant we patronized in montreal on our recent visit . the plates are indeed small , and the vegetarian options are limited . however , flavor , presentation and quality cheeses go a long way with this vegetarian .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic intimate little restaurant with great staff and amazing food . tapas were absolutely delish ! ! we ordered 16 tapas between 4 girlfriends ( 2 each of 8 different ones ) , and only had room to share 2 desserts ( i have to admit we are not big eaters ) . tapas are presented in groups based on increasing texture heaviness . each dish was 2-4 bite sized , flavors very complex and complementary . and also an extensive spanish wine list . our server recommended a beautiful white wine based on the flavors we enjoyed . very reasonably priced wine . loved loved loved the restaurant . would come back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience . great food and the best service ever ! we were visiting from new york city and chose this restaurant because it was highly recommended by the owner of our b & b . the food was great -- especially loved the scallop with chorizo , but every one of the 9 or so pintxos we had were great . honorable mentions -- the veal medallion & the crab and shrimp stuffed piquillo . i especially want to mention the phenomenal service . our waiter was patient , attentive and refreshingly cheerful . it really made our dining experience one of the most perfect nights out ever . if we ever return to montreal we will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love pintxo and it 's wonderful menu of pintxos ( it 's basque , not spanish ) . the beef cheek was ever so tender . and the foie gras is always wonderful and melts in your mouth . the service may be slow and the only reason that i did n't rate higher . it really is as good as it gets , if they can get it to your table more consistently .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to pintxo over 20 times . i 'll be back within the next 3 weeks . i always am . the food and service are always amazing . fois fras torchon ... unimprovable by man or god !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously this is one of the best restaurants in montreal ! everything i ordered was amazing and the perfect portion . the wine is delicious and the restaurant is cozy and decorated beautifully . a+ service by the staff . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good : server was friendly , and suggested a reasonable number of pintxos ( pichos ? ) to order between the two of us . i was pleased that she did n't oversell - we were satisfied but not bloated with 5-6 dishes . better : the atmosphere is somehow buzzing but also quiet enough for conversations . best : the food ! we ordered a variety of dishes and everything was really tasty - seafood , veg and meat . the octopus was perfect , highly recommended if you 're a fan . the portions look small but pack a huge flavour punch . a great find - fantastic food , romantic and reasonably priced . this is a perfect place for date night . dollars : around $ 75-80 ( i ca n't remember the exact amount ) for enough small dishes to feed two people , and two glasses of wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hands down one of the best restaurants in montreal ! small and cozy , the atmosphere here is always great . i 've been 4 times , and have never been disappointed . amazing tapas , even better waiters who do n't stick to you so much yet are magically always at your table the second you even think you need them . amazing service , good prices , and an overall fantastic experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here a few months ago with some friends . i will be honest , the variety and quality of the food was very high ! most dishes were good . i am not the biggest fish and seafood person , but i did enjoy the lobster and other items too . very good cervid\u00e9 as well , i would say that was the highlight for me . on the downside , for a table of 8 it is unacceptable that the waiters continually fill the water and wine glasses of only two patrons . we had to hide the wine bottles , so everyone could have some and also especially to avoid those two falling off their chairs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow c'est la 4 ieme fois que j'y vais et je suis toujours \u00e9pat\u00e9e . la bouffe est incroyable ! les pintxos sont assez gros pour partager a 2 personnes donc si vois \u00eates plus doubler les portions ( surtout pour le plat de p\u00e9toncle ) mon top 5 ; le tartare de betterave , les p\u00e9toncles , le chorizo pieuvre , boudin , artichaut & la morue . en r\u00e9sum\u00e9 bouffe et service extraordinaire ! \u00e0 essayer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tastes of barcelona and beyond . a special dining atmosphere with attentive and knowledgeable staff . cava ros\u00e9 was dry and delicious . favorite pintxos were quail ( top notch ! ) , bison rib , halloumi cheese and arugula salad , garlic shrimp ( in flavorful roasted pepper and tomato sauce ) . chocolate melting cake is just that and if you choose to share like we did you may regret it . the fruit tart with strawberry ice cream was the perfect neighbor dessert . so go . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! where to begin ? the food was delicious , unusual , beautifully presented , and creatively prepared . for example , they have a dish which is grilled octopus and grilled chorizo . the octopus is in large pieces and the chorizo was in thin slivers , served over the octopus with some sort of pickled vegetable , and with chickpea and squid ink sauce as garnish . i am not someone to get excited for novelty for its own sake . these dishes were extremely creative , and all the flavors worked together . service was very polite but a little slow sometimes . they could probably do well to hire a few more people in their kitchen . the waitstaff were very friendly , made great wine suggestions , were patient with my mother 's and my poor french , and did n't make us feel rushed at all even though we knew that they needed our table . overall a very high-class experience . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service , atmosphere and plating were lovely and delicious . i think at one point , i wanted to lick the plate because the sauce was so good with the octopus . only downfall ... they do n't have one in nyc . helped make my montreal trip great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant ! the food was delicious , meticulous and presented very well . my girlfriend and i ordered 10 small plates to share and it was just the right amount of food . the wine was good and the service impeccable . we sat in the left part of the restaurant and the atmosphere was lovely . i would go back any time . well done !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the last night in montreal , we had the pleasure of a meal at pintxo . the restaurant is on a quiet street just off the hum of st denis . we decided to order a selection of 12 small plates , all of which were outstanding and perfectly prepared . the black cod , lobster tail , duck confit , shrimp , and venison were the absolute highlights . out waiter was friendly and cracked some quality jokes throughout the night . this should be a required stop for anyone visiting montreal and looking for a break from the french food after a few days bistro hopping , but stands shoulder to shoulder with any of the top spanish restaurants in north americal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tapas , great service . would recommend about 4-5 person . really liked the duck tartare but everything is good . we ordered 10 tapas and not a single one was bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was good . the food had great presentation but some of them was too heavy . the waitress recommended for two of us , we should order around 10 pintxos or the tasting menu with 4 pintxos and a main dish $ 38 . we decided to order pintxos only . the bill ended up to be $ 110 . i like the dishes , but my date felt their food was ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had 9 different pintxos and every one was fantastic . i would eat here once a week if i lived in montreal . the wine list is a little confusing but the waitress was happy to explain everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service , atmosphere and plating , but quite expensive . the food is of a high overall quality but a little inconsistent ; i 'd have religious moments with things like the duck tartar , only to then be let down by things like the wapiti carpaccio . i was amused by how unusually wonderful the complimentary bread oil was . while it may not be a foodie must , it 's a great spot for a quality , relaxed meal in an otherwise busy neighbourhood - just have your wallet at the ready .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my second time at this restaurant and it 's been about a calendar year . we had a really wonderful dining experience then , it was equally good , if not better , this time around . one of the things i really love about this restaurant is the staff . they are always very courteous , patient , and offer really good food wine suggestions . the menu was more or less the same as on our last visit , but that was fine with us because we ended up revisiting a lot of the same plates . the quail , clam and artichoke , blood pudding , scallop , and stuffed fig dishes are favorites of ours . my boyfriend and i usually order 8 plates and share . the tapas at this restaurant are so creative and well-presented that other tapas restaurants that we go to pale in comparison . we are looking forward to our next annual trip to montreal so we can eat here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went to pintxo based on a recommendation . and it was well worth it . although i write the review being a vegetarian , my boyfriend is not , and we got a full range of foods from the menu . most of the menu are pintxos , or small plates , where you and your companions can pick and share from . the waiters will tell you 4-5 plates each person is recommended , but 3-4 is more than enough . the plates were delicious . we tried everything from quail , escargot , manchego cheeses , and lobster tail . everything was delicious . the wine selection was great , and the servers can give great suggestions on both food and drink . everyone was extremely friendly . the only reason i have 4 stars instead of 5 was that there were very few vegetarian options , and also by the time we got there around 8pm they were out of some of the foods already . otherwise it is a great place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a great find . we had several tapas and then shared a full plate . service was perfect and since i do n't speak french , the opportunity to speak spanish was fun . we spent three hours tasting and chatting and enjoying a bottle of spanish wine . garlic shrimp , elk , fig rellenos , all extra delicious worth perfect flavor . scallop was over the top perfect . the duck breast on saffron risotto was amazing . lots of gluten free options which was great for us as the fiancee is gf .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch not quite sure why i even read the menu , my server ? siege ? was amazing picking perfect wines with every selection . i was lost on spanish wines , i should have let him pick the entire lunch . the basque influence of this spanish tapas restaurant forays into game dishes done wonderfully ! potions were varied , sardines small , but the foie gras torchon buried me , would have loved another crostini to finish the generous portion . the rabbit was finger link'n good . my last ordered dish was goat cheese ravioli but i got the goat cheese tart . it was too delicious to return . ravioli on the next visit . 4 tapas make a meal . 3 if you do the pate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best meals i 've ever had anywhere . scallop and chorizo stands out as absolutely exquisite , to be long remembered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the menu degustation which comes with 4 pintxos and a main dish : the lamb shank with couscous main dish was dry and had no flavor . the waiters were nice enough to bring me salt and pepper , but i do n't think that did the trick . the 4 tapas dishes were not worth mentioning . not coming back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bien ... sans plus . j'avais le go\u00fbt de tapas et il y en a bien s\u00fbr une longue s\u00e9lection . en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral ils \u00e9taient bons mais pas particuli\u00e8rement go\u00fbteux ou inventifs . certains \u00e9taient carr\u00e9ment fades . la liste de vins est assez bien mais plut\u00f4t limit\u00e9e au verre ( quoique ok ) . par contre les prix sont corrects ( 2x saq \u00e0 peu pr\u00e8s ) . le service \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bien . j'y retourne mais par d\u00e9faut plut\u00f4t que par choix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after not being able to get a last minute reservation at khyber pass which is a few blocks away , i was able to get an online reservation at pintxo through opentable . this is a very comfortable , classy place that is n't formal . the wine we had was wonderful and the small plates were delicious . would definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here around valentines day of this year and could n't have been more pleased about the food . despite going to most of montreal 's reputable restaurants pintxo had somehow flown under my radar for 4 years . portions were a perfect size for sharing and not one tapas was bad . i highly recommend trying their spicy sausages", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i reluctantly give these guys 5 stars . ambiance i fantastic , menu creative and flavorful . a lot to choose from and the chef executes well . im not a fan of the microwave but i reckognize the chef 's need to use one with so many items to prepare at once . i had a great view of the microwave from my seat . it irked me as the radiation never stopped . all in all it is head and shoulder s better than most restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wine and interesting tapas . limited gluten free options and not always friendly service for english speakers ! must try the fig serano ham and monchego cheese dish !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the fifth visit to this terrific place . each plate is better than the last . the rabbit , gazpacho and any dish with chiorzo is yummy . uniques wines . lava cake for dessert was sensation . all around great food an service . hope to make a sixth visit soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is another great find in my neighborhood . they serve small portions of many different dishes . it 's kind of like tapas , but this is the basque version of tapas . i would describe it as mix of french and spanish cuisine . it 's not cheap , nor is it overpriced though . everything we had was excellent and it was well worth the investment . they have some very good wine and the service was excellent too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fairly good tapas and service . decent wine , especially in canada . the food is fresh and well seasoned . cozy place and dimly lit . a good date place , i think .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i went there tonight . the menu is simple , but the combination of food and flavor is perplexed . we had a number of dishes and we liked most of them : beef carpaccio ( love the combination of parmesan and beef ) , quail on macaroni ( tint of sweetness ) , duck tartare ( very appetising with the capers ) , artichoke clams ( instead of using lemongrass , the chef skillfully use the sourness of the artichoke in the broth ) , lobster tail , garlic shrimp , seared scallop ( cooked just right ) and passionfruit dessert with crumb base and chocolate ganache ( this is my wife 's favorite ) the bill comes to $ 75 , which is not too bad knowing the food is exquisite and delicious . but , do n't be surprised by the wait time of the food and pinto size of the dishes , the two of us were pretty full from the meal : ) by he way , the staff were friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has mostly excellent food in very small portions . the grilled artichokes and clams with ham was delicious , as were the bulk of our dishes . the beef carpaccio with fried capers and manchego was great ... but all of the meat and cheese could have been crammed into a soda bottle cap had it not been spread out razor-thin . what granted this place four stars was our server , laurent ( sp ? ) , a lovely lady who was attentive and selected the perfect wine for us . the venue is cozy and the lighting is perfect but laurent made the night for us . we would go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love tapas and this is the place that comes to mind when i develop a craving . i 've tried tapas in many different places , large and small . pintxo is the restaurant by which i measure others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not much of a foodie , so i 'm sure i did n't appreciate this place as much as i could have , but the food was tasty and the main dish portion was large . a tad expensive for my taste but it was worth it for the atmosphere and delicious food . my group had the pork chop , lamb shank , beef cheeks and more and all was very tasty and generous portions . the chefs choice pintxo 's were also very good . the atmosphere was very tasteful and upscale . i would return for special occasions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "si c'est bon ? oui . si c'est m\u00e9morable ? non . si c'est cher ? oh que oui ! quand j'y suis all\u00e9e , nous avons pris le menu d\u00e9gustation et de la fa\u00e7on que ce menu \u00e9tait expliqu\u00e9 , nous nous attendions \u00e0 5 services , mais non . c'\u00e9tait seulement un plateau avec 3 bouch\u00e9es diff\u00e9rentes pour commencer et deux plats minuscules \u00e0 partager . nous avons d\u00fb commander autre chose parce que nous avions encore beaucoup trop faim . le service est convivial et l'ambiance est agr\u00e9able pour un souper en amoureux tranquille sans fla fla. outre le prix , c'est un tr\u00e8s bel endroit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was ok bit a bit over priced . nowhere as good as real spanish tapas , but the quality of food is good . atmosphere was nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "spectacular food , service and ambiance . after being turned away initially at the door for a table sans reservations [ book in advance ! ] , i returned an hour later . highly recommended : txori-pulpo : chorizo and squid atop a bed of pureed garbanzo beans with lemon-marianted red onions . alcatxofas con almejas y jam\u00f3n serrano : grilled artichokes with clams and jam\u00f3n serrano - incredible slat balance and one can still taste the ocean ! i also had the venison filet which is currently not on the sample menu online . i would highly recommend this as well ! next time , i will certainly opt for the menu d\u00e9gustation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding ! great tapas ! great service . loved the fact that the wine list is only spanish and that the waitress are knowledgeable about it . will go back as soon as i can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite restaurant since 2006 . the quality and presentation of the food is exceptional . the staff is attentive , friendly and professional . if you want to impress a date or a client that knows something about food and wine , then this is a great place . quality price ratio is hard to beat . oh and they have the best torchon de foie gras in montreal . a must .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been there a few times and i 've never been disapointed . service is always spotless , tapas are both delicious and creative , and even though the wine selection is limited to spanish wine , every single one i 've tasted was excellent . the only small downer is the small capacity of the place ( max 40-50 ? ) . it can be hard to get a reservation the same day . however , it does contribute to the charm of the restaurant , making it a very intimate place , perfect for some nice times with friends . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for lunch . nice service , killer food . highlights : duck confit ragu and mushrooms , bison ribs , and the grilled vegetables ( believe it or not ) . why not five stars ? they said they could n't bring us extra homemade bbq sauce that they put on the ribs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i went here during a visit to montreal . i had to try 3 different times to make a reservation - if you 're interested , try calling 2-3 weeks in advance ( kinda made me feel like a rockstar to just walk right in though , not gon na lie ) . i 'd advise going for a prie-fixe menu or sticking to a certain number of tapas : it is very pricey here and your bill can climb quickly ( i think for four people , my dad dropped over $ 400 ) . beyond that , though , some of the most delicious and creative tapas i 've ever had . very original pairings and an extensive wine list . i 'd agree that this is a place for foodies , but as a fairly adventurous eater with no particular dislikes , i was very happy here . the walls are also covered with original artwork ( on discreet sale ) and the rest of the decor is tasteful and makes good use of the space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place ... the pintxos are the right size and the flavors are perfectly balanced ! great choice of private wine importations . a definite must in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to pintxo so many times . and always loved my experience . i am spanish so i know exactly what pintxos are . i tasted spain in every of my plates . last time i was there we decided to order about 10 pintxos , the choice of the chef knowing that my friend was lactose intolerant . we had great recomandation of wine . and everything was perfect one of my favorite thing to eat is the morcilla . and what i eat everytime is the chocolate creme brule with a glass of dulce . please try it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful discovery for us though it has been around for 7 years and one of the best all around resto experiences . food was fabulous and atmosphere was cozy . staff was very helpful and knowledgable . you can actually have a conversation because there is no noise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this la prep was a le gourmand for as long as i can remember . i was not the hugest fan of le gourmand , but the cookies and pastries were really good . la prep picks up where le gourmand left off , without the lovely made-in-house pastries . still far too expensive , but the coffee is alright . my real issue with my la prep debut was the speed of service . with six employees in sight , and three customers my breakfast sandwich still took fifteen minutes to receive after ordering . everyone was taking their sweet time . and while it was good in the end and all , this is yonge & bloor . my coworkers and i had 20 minutes to grab a bite or coffee between meetings . for this location , you have to be faster , on the ball a bit . le gourmand was excellent at this . i likely wo n't return any time i am in a hurry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a catered lunch from them a while back which was delicious . and now this place has become my weekly ( if not daily ) habit . the food tastes fresh and and it 's consistently on point . the sandwich and salad combos are a good deal . 4 stars for the food . extra star for the good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la prep is what i consider a `` premium '' fast food chain . their breakfast is better than timmy 's , starbucks , etc , but it does n't hold a candle to even sunset grill or the independent breakfast shops . why you should come here : -quick breakfast -breakfast bagel with pesto mayo -breakfast panini -quick lunch combos ( salad +sandwich ) why you should n't come here : -you want super super cheap food -faux pho ( seriously - they offer that , no idea what they were thinking ) verdict : decent quick lunch option if you are in the area , but nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as usual i was getting lost in the path on the way to work , and i was starving at this point . i saw la prep , after passing many more like druxy 's , generic breakfast deals etc . i have to say for $ 3.99 2 eggs , toast , sausage is good value . i do not like the fact it is on plastic plates but whatever , i guess the non - path , dine in la prep 's are better in that regard . the service was quick and friendly . the juice looks great here as it is fresh squeezed , will try it next time . i think for a quick bite on the way to work , this works .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just bought lunch from this la prep location and was not at all impressed with the service that i received . the fact that they gave me the wrong sandwich is bad enough , but even more alarming is that it took 3 people over 10 minutes to figure out how to make a latte . when they finally passed me my `` beverage '' , they giggled and informed me that they actually had no idea how to make a latte . upon returning to my office , i discovered that it was completely undrinkable - absolutely disgusting . i would suggest that this location should focus on their training of the equipment as they should n't be advertising that they sell lattes if they 're actually not capable of making them correctly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visually when you walk by uts quite appealing . everything looks fresh and the sandwhiches and oaninis look like something youd like to order . however taste wise my coworker and i found it to be mediocre and bland . doesnt hit the spot in terms of quality . i have been here a few times and although it makes me want to like it and try it again its just decent and not abything remotely special . unfortunately .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "la prep is a decent lunch spot in the food court under the bay at yonge and bloor . the food is good , some of it really good . the downside to this place is that there 's a strong likelihood there wll be a problem with your order . i went five times and had a problem four out of the four times i went . they gave me the wrong sandwich , or the wrong salad , or gave me a salad when i had n't asked for one , or the food was cold . there seems to be poor communication between the staff members . the problems are getting better , and i 'll look at updating my review when the accuracy of the orders becomes a little more consistent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not usually the type to eat in food courts . i 'm not sure what it is but they just do n't appeal to me . however , in an effort of finding something new for lunch i ended up here for a panini and have to say it was surprisingly good ! i had the chicken and bacon panini and for $ 6 it was just the right amount of food to go back to work fulfilled . they also have a large selection of grain , bean , or pasta salads ... but i 'm not really a salad guy so ca n't comment on that side of things . all in all , highly recommendable , even if it is in a food court .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here almost everyday because i like the food . but , the customer service is below standard . the staff are always more focused on food prep for togo orders than the customers right in front of them . if i am in a rush or pressed for time , i make sure to spend my money elsewhere . the food is also quite expensive for a fast food place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like this place . i had pasta with pesto with pine nuts . we all know that pine are n't cheap and they do n't skimp on them either . the pasta was scrumptious and i had it with ham and cheese stuffed chicken , which was good , too . service was fast and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "russian cuisine has always been on my to try list for a long time and i 've finally had my chance at la caverne . the russians are no joke - mounted bear heads and torso perpetually give the dungeon-like restaurant a robust feel . the service was straightforward but friendly . the obvious choice for me was the mixed platter considering the fact that i 'm a novice . but because of my inexperience with the cuisine , i could n't judge the authenticity of the food but i can tell you that it was n't bad at all . i really loved the thick glass mug of kvas , a fermented rye bread beverage that somehow reminded me of plum juice mixed with beer . the frozen mug was perfect for the hot summer day that it was . i 'd recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try russian cuisine without the need to book a plane ticket to russia . montr\u00e9al has very few russian restaurants so consider this place your chance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been many russian restaurant and tried their food many times , but this place was one of the best russian restaurant ! fantastic atmosphere , delicious food and most importantly great service ! ! ! ! thank you for the great night , ca n't wait to go back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down best place in town for authentic eastern european food . i can gladly say that the only food that can compete with my babushka 's home made pelmenies would be the ones served at la caverne . i even brought my aunt when she came from ukraine and she absolutely loved it . would recommend to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interesting little family run place . we came here after a day spent snowshoeing , and appreciated the hot hearty food . after you descend into the basement restaurant , the wooden cottage-like decor and stuffed animals ( a bear ! ) , certainly get you into the spirit . a huge russian family birthday party was adding authenticity to the place when we visited . now for the food : the soljanka soup was wonderful . the other dishes mostly consisted of dumplings with pork and sausages , and were quite tasty . i would have liked to see more veggies , though . but if you are into hearty meaty fare , this is a not a bad place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "authentic russian slavic foods are to be had here . do n't expect your standard ( horrible ) run of the mill pierogi , you know the ones you can buy in the freezer bags at your grocery store and somehow make it onto restaurant menus , this is the real deal . for sure try the khartcho ( lightly spicy & sour beef soup with rice ) , and the pork & beef pelmeni ( small dumplings ) , they 're amazing . it 's a small place , located , as the name suggests , in a basement of sorts . it might be a little hard to spot at first , since the sign is rather small , but do n't let that deter you from your ultimate goal : tasty stuff & vodka .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you lost ? run away from this place as fast as you can ! not only the vodka will ruin your stomach but also the horrible thing they call food . at $ 35 ( $ 45 with taxes and tips ) the holidays menu is a total rip-off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there with friends . one of them is russian and she said it 's quite authentic . i ordered soup , rolls and beef dumplings . the soup is served with sour bread . i did n't know that , so , i tried sour bread without soup and it is truly sour ( lol ) . but when i ate it with soup , it tasted so good ! i like the flavor of the rolls too . but , the dumplings are just normal . the service and ambiance not bad . if you want to try something different , maybe this small , cozy , russian restaurant is a good choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place for anyone who wants to try russian cuisine ! i brought my friends here for traditional russian food , and we were not disappointed . my friend got the mixed platter which included delicious pilmeni ! i opted for the `` herring under fur coat '' salad which was delicious . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very cute and cosy restaurant . we were greeted with a smile by the owner . the service is friendly and courteous . this is the place to visit if you want to experience the most delicious and yummy russian dishes . we enjoyed the cabbage rolls , vareniki and borsch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were told , `` best burgers in montreal ! '' so of course we had to find out . this place is teeny tiny , but we were able to get a table pretty fast . the menu does n't have too many options , but we were there for the burgers so that did n't matter . ordered the burgers , along with some beer and a side of fries to share , and waited to see what the results would be . results - these burgers were no joke . so juicy and flavorful and big enough to fill you up but not too big to send you over the edge . the accompanying fries were also delicious and salted perfectly . these really are some tasty burgers . believe the hype .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to la paryse for over twenty years ! the `` regulier '' has remained a constant reminder that i have to get back to montreal on a regular basis . this year i broke my passover observance to taste that perfection . the poutine is also good but i go only for the best burger i have had on this earth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went last night to le paryse and was blown away ! great service , great food ! i had le special burger with cream cheese , bacon and mushrooms . so delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely place for burgers , fries and the absolutely best milkshakes i 've ever had . what can i say ? simple menu with simple food is hard to beat when it 's well executed . la paryse know what they do best and they do n't pretend to be anything they are not . when you go in you can feel they love what they do , and it shows in the friendly service ! definitely recommended for vegetarians . i had the pinto bean burger and it was excellent . better than any other vege-burger i 've tried so far in montreal . edit : comptoir 21 now has the best i 've tried : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le meilleur burger en ville ! je prends toujours le sp\u00e9cial ( avec fromage \u00e0 la cr\u00e8me , bacon et champignons frais ) et je partage une frite avec mayo . super bon et nourrissant ! arrivez affam\u00e9s et sortez de l\u00e0 la panse bien remplie ! attention : derni\u00e8re semaine pour vous bourrer la face ! eh oui , malheureusement , le resto ferme ses portes apr\u00e8s 32 ans de loyaux services aux gourmands de tous genres ... bye bye !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent buergers , and probably the best milkshake in montreal ! ! the only little cons is the perpetual line up there ... a great place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burger i had , anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to la paryse a number of times , and i know to expect a number of things : i 'll have to line up ( montrealers will line up for good fast food ) , i will have a delicious burger , and i 'll have one of the best milkshakes i 've ever had , every time . i ca n't recommend the place enough . juicy burgers , smooth drinks , and delightful side dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "between m : brgr and mr.steerburger , la paryse has consistently vied for the 'best burger '' title in montreal and deservedly so . portions are just right , esp . if you order a large fries to split with a friend , this has been here for over 20 years run by lesbian business partners across the street from cegep de vieux montreal . if you can only try one thing , get `` le special '' - cream cheese hamburgers which is literally right out of this world ! fries are great and their deserts are home made !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend was hyping this burger up as soon as i my plane touched down on the airport runway . i 've had some good burgers before , so i was a bit skeptical . finally we get to la paryse . i really was n't sure what to expect . fortunately the burger met and exceeded the hype that they made . it was a big burger as you can see in the picture . i had the double because i was hungry . wow . i ca n't really describe it because i practically engulfed while enjoying every bite . it is in my top 5 burgers that i have eaten . i t was really good . the side of poutine was good too . poutine would have to be one of the best late night , drunk food . its fries topped with cheese and gravy , ca n't beat that . i want more of the burger . hmm , you know , i should have taken one to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la paryse does good burgers , but does not live up to the hype . the wait is typically long , the service is underwhelming , and the food , while tasty , is nothing to write home about . the atmosphere is pleasant and the prices are reasonable . it is a good place to try if you are in the neighbourhood and there is no wait to get a table .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while in town i took my family here . we found this on yelp while at the jazz festival - it is one of the best burgers ever , and worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hamburgers in montreal ? why not ? my wife and i went on a saturday night at 7pm and the line was beginning to form out the door . the restaurant is small with just over a dozen tables . the waiting area could probably fit about 10 people whilst blocking the door . the two of us waited for about 20 minutes before we were seated . if there are more than two of you expect to wait longer to be seated when it 's busy . the burgers were pretty damn good and the fries were even better . i do n't know what 's done differently to the potatoes in montreal but i like it ! accompany your burger with some blanche beer and you 're golden ! if you 're looking for a cheaper dining option and do n't mind waiting a bit look no further .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow die burger sind ein muss ! ! ! ich bin ganz sprachlos und sehr beeindruckt . es wundert mich nicht , dass dieser doch sehr kleine und schnuckelige laden eine solche loka-medienpr\u00e4senz aufweist : ) die preise sind aus meiner sicht ok , das personal freundlich , flink und aufmerksam . ich kann meinem vorschreiber nur zustimmen , auch die poutine sind lecker , wenn auch auf den ersten blick f\u00fcr uns europ\u00e4er gew\u00f6hnungsbed\u00fcrftig . die weinauswahl fand ich etwas d\u00fcrftig , deshalb tat es ein bier auch ; ) eine pflichtveranstaltung in montreal . viel spa\u00df und guten hunger !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here the other afternoon for dinner ( like 4:30 , so a little early ) and what a find ! definitely one of the best burgers that i have ever had . what is better than pickles , dijon mustard , and soft poppyseed bun with your burger ? the fries were well-cooked and fresh . i loved the crayons to doodle while you wait , and it was obviously a popular place as it got quite busy about 20 minutes after we got there , and it looked like a bit of a line-up , but it is a small place . a must go if visiting , or living , in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been a few years since we 've been to montreal , but i dream of going back and enjoying a burger from la paryse ! from what i remember , this is a locals type of place , not big and not fancy just really , really good ! the burgers were good sized and juicy ! the fries were also quite tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little resto with delicious burger - the bun was so good ! but was disappointed that they used shredded mozzerella on their poutine instead of curds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good inexpensive food . had poutine - a highlight of local cuisine - i recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quand on me disait autrefois que les meilleurs burgers en ville se trouvaient \u00e0 la paryse , je ne le croyais pas vraiment . pourtant , ce petit restaurant a tout pour nous \u00e9pater et nous rendre accros ! je conseille vraiment le burger avec le fromage \u00e0 la cr\u00e8me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la paryse ne paye pas de mine de l'ext\u00e9rieur mais quand vous aurez gout\u00e9 aux burgers vous n'aurez pas de doute sur le fait que ce sont les meilleurs de la ville ! ( enfin pour tout ceux que j'ai test\u00e9 ) . c'est toujours complet mais on arrive vite \u00e0 avoir une table . c'est comme \u00e0 la maison , on se sent bien , tout est dans la simplicit\u00e9 . rapidit\u00e9 , qualit\u00e9 et quantit\u00e9 , franchement c'est super ! il y a un bon choix de burgers et franchement la paryse r\u00e9concilie les v\u00e9g\u00e9tariens avec le concept du burger , ils sont d\u00e9licieux ! avec frites maisons bien s\u00fbr ! et pour pas cher ! franchement , allez y vous ne serez pas d\u00e9\u00e7us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in at la paryse for a late afternoon bite and got seated right away . my companion and i both got burgers and shared an order of poutine . great food and a nice cozy atmosphere . the homemade lemonade was excellent , too . definitely recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cream cheese on a burger ! ? brilliant . i ca n't believe i have n't tried or seen this anywhere before . the components of this burger alltogether were pretty top notch . my only complaint is that it 's a standard medium medium-well patty and as far as i gathered , there was no option to have it any other way . it wasnt a particularly thick piece of meat though , so it probably would n't have been such a good patty for , say , a medium rare burger . i went on a tuesday at 11 and did n't experience any line or any crowd , so that was a total plus too ... .especially since i was wandering in badly in need of some burger grease . i tried the fries , and enjoyed them with ketchup . i think they would have made for some great poutine , had i had the room in my tummy . i can definitely say i 'll be going back to this place next time i make my way up to montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "une institution \u00e0 montreal , mais il faut \u00eatre pr\u00eat \u00e0 se salir les doigts ! service correct , ambiance bruyante , parfois de longues files d'attentes . mais ce n'est pas grave car on pourrait argumenter que ce sont les meilleurs burgers \u00e0 montreal . exp\u00e9rience \u00e0 vivre !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if there is one thing i learned during my trip to montreal , it 's that if you have to wait for it , it 's probably worth it . the line was two the door when we stepped in , and soon after spilled on to the sidewalk . the food is divine -- i had a sandwich ( la paryse ) that was overflowing with complex flavors , and my friends all had hamburgers . we all agreed that it was the best meal that we enjoyed during our ten day trip . the atmosphere is great , too . the dining room is well lit and colorful , and they give you crayons to use while you wait for your food . it was a wonderful dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la paryse a la r\u00e9putation de servir les meilleurs burgers de montr\u00e9al ... et elle ne l'a pas vol\u00e9e . c'est vraiment bon et l'accueil est tr\u00e8s chaleureux ( comme presque partout \u00e0 montr\u00e9al , d'ailleurs ) . l'endroit et propre et joliment am\u00e9nag\u00e9 , rien de luxueux , juste l'impression qu'on attendait plus que vous : ) tout est copieux et savoureux , je me souviens avec \u00e9motion d'un burger bacon et fromage frais ... une tuerie sans nom ! pour les v\u00e9g\u00e9tariens , on trouve \u00e9galement plusieurs vari\u00e9t\u00e9s de v\u00e9g\u00e9-burgers . le sandwich le plus cher doit avoisiner les 7 $ ( soit environ 5eur ) , pas de quoi se ruiner ! attention toutefois , aux heures de pointes , l'endroit peut \u00eatre bond\u00e9 . mieux vaut y aller en d\u00e9cal\u00e9 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know there 's a line , but wait ! wait ! soon you 'll be seated and then you 'll have a burger and dear lord , it will be wonderful ! this is a cute little place that you 'll be glad you know about , since it 's got a nice atmosphere and the burgers are divine . the fries are good too , though i 'm always annoyed when a restaurant makes me pay for them separately . c'mon , who does n't want fries ? ! just serve them with the burgers , jeez .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a good burger and fries joint ... but the raves about it are likely the product of taste-buds that are easily pleased . good burgers . not great . the basic cheeseburger is sloppy and falls apart in your hands . it is good . but for a great burger in montreal i think yelpers should try the restaurant in the gare centrale that sits just beside the train queues . they grill the burger to your liking and omg they are good . you add your own condiments ... and buy whatever drink you want from the drinks cases and fountains . can someone help me here and remind me of the name of the place ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was told that they had the best burgers in town.after waiting 30 minutes to get a seat after being told it will be 10 , was not overly impressed . service was good and very friendly , but it was not worth the wait or trip.burger de ville in montreal west has better burgers and less expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best hambuger place in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . good prices . amazing location . okay service . small number of tables . some people dislike their fries , but i think they are okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un petit restaurant o\u00f9 le burger est la sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 . une d\u00e9co agr\u00e9able et intimiste , des prix raisonnables et des hamburgers d\u00e9licieux . un endroit \u00e0 faire \u00e0 montr\u00e9al", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i got lucky and showed up just before the lunch rush . i ordered the special burger with fries and a v8 . i enjoyed the burger but about half way through it became a mess . my guess is the cream cheese got all the insides wanting to get on the outside . the fries looked and tasted just like frite alors and that 's a good thing . service was polite and friendly . my only two criticisms are the price , and the two groups i was sat next too where very loud . the noise i of course ca n't falt the establishment but the price seemed just a little high . all in all i would go back again but this time i will order the club sandwich . they looked soo good when they passed me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le restaurant est d\u00e9sormais ferm\u00e9 ! ! ! ! ! mais la paryse n'a pas chang\u00e9 depuis le d\u00e9but . toujours d'excellents burgers et des frites a tomber par-terre . bref si \u00e7a ouvre de nouveau . pr\u00e9cipitez s'y vous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mit abstand die besten burger die ich je in meinem leben hatte . punkt . auf den punkt gegrilltes fleisch , mit frischem salat , verschiedenen k\u00e4sen nach wunsch und frisch gebackenen br\u00f6tchen mit einer prise mohn drauf . sieht zum reinbei\u00dfen aus , und ist so lecker ! nat\u00fcrlich wird in montr\u00e9al ( qu\u00e9bec ! ) poutine dazu gegessen , pommes mit z\u00e4hem k\u00e4se und bratensauce ( h\u00f6rt sich ekelig an , ist aber himmlisch ! ) und wein getrunken . allein an der weinkarte merkt man auch , da\u00df man sich nicht in einem x-beliebigem burgerschuppen befindet , sondern in einem ordentlichen restaurant , welches sich nun mal auf burger speizialisiert hat : sie ist qualitativ und quantitativ gehaltvoll . g\u00fcnstig ist das la paryse nicht , zu viert haben wir 120 c $ bezahlt , f\u00fcr burger , poutine und 2 flaschen wein , gelohnt hat es sich trotzdem . \u00e4rgerlich allein , da\u00df wir diesen laden erst an unserem letzten abend entdecken durften .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just looking right now for someone to clean up all my pine needles & citrus leaves . i was n't sure many would want to come out for a more limited job , even though i could regularly use this service . but jeff , the owner , was really nice & greg came out the next day and my yard was very clean & tidy after . jeff was easy to communicate with ( phone & text ) and greg was polite and on time . i will definitely contact calc next time i need lawn care . i love that it 's electric solar organic etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have finally found the best lawn service in the valley . the owner 's jeff and kim are very knowledgeable and truly care about the environment . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon ! steph always does the best color and cut . i always get great compliments on my hair . i recommend this salon to all my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started going to step up styles after my dad has been there for years and figured i 'd try it . i started getting my hair done by danielle and i 'm so happy i did ! very nice salon in a convenient area for me . i love the atmosphere of it and the stylists are so nice . they even gave me a reusable shopping bag for christmas ! i look forward to getting my hair done at step up styles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to melanie ( owner ) of step up styles for a couple of years , after trying quite a few other salons in the east suburbs . i am so glad to have found someone who is as talented and down-to-earth as she is . i have some particular challenges with my hair , and melanie listens , and has worked with me to get it right . she starts appointments on time , works quickly and will recommend , but does n't pressure to buy products , and the fees are fair for the quality of service received . i highly recommend step up styles for anyone looking for a competent , consistent and considerate hair service experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steph has been cutting my hair for a couple years , and doing a amazing job . my hair has been red purple pink for many years and i wanted a drastic change . wow did i get one ! i 'm now silver pink and it 's gorgeous ! ! i 'm 60ish and have no fear of change , obviously . thanks to the entire staff for being supportive and so friendly . very family oriented with snacks and drinks . my son 's wedding party was there in october for hair and makeup and i highly recommend this salon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing salon hands down the best around.. i go to stephanie but the whole staff is great and talented ... if you are looking for the most recent trends they for sure ate up to speed on the techniques ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to stephanie for years , never disappointed ! very clean , comfortable and i always leave happy with my cut color highlights . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to step up styles for several years now . i see alyssa who does a wonderful job and is very personal and professional . the pricing is great for the service as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to lauren cortileso for many years and have been taking my kids to her . i have followed her when she moves . i used to take my son to other places until i found lauren . she gives him the best haircut . for myself i just tell her to do her thing and i am pleased each time ! lauren takes her time and is very passionate in the service she provides ! thank you lauren for everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stephanie has been taking good care of me for about 9 yrs . 'great salon - friendly , family oriented , or nice place to do something girly for yourself ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sorry had to post here and show you what lauren really does . i was recommended to her as i wanted to be a blonde and was getting the run around other places , no need to mention names . she not only did a wonderful job but the staff was also courteous . she took me to a beautiful shade that worked with my skin tone . i have been back every 6 weeks and let her have control if i need a cut , low lights , high lights , just the roots , because i know it will look great . i work at a spa and other hairdressers have commented how great and healthy my hair looks . plus i will say blondes do have more fun . if you need color or just a great cut i would recommend lauren and step up styles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j & t was quick and affordable the morning i brought my car in to get new tires . it 's a first come , first serve business , so come early and the work will get done ! desk guys seemed friendly and helpful enough for what i needed . i was in and out of there within an hour . i 'm kind of relieved because i 've been in search of a new mechanic and had a few lousy experiences lately . my husband raved about the quick fixes done with his car after he was recommended to try j & t through a coworker . i 'm hoping to come back for service here the next time i have a car issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys do great work . they got the exact tires i wanted in no time flat . their price was fantastic and my wheels came out of there without a scratch on them and they are ultra low profile performance tires . i have had alignments by them and had tires installed and i am continually impressed with their assertiveness and attention to detail and doing the job right ! if you are in pittsburgh and need tires or service , do yourself a favor and check out j & t tire , it will be worth your trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angela just helped us purchase our second home and did a fantastic job ! she has great knowledge of the east valley and the whole process went flawlessly . she even went above and beyond , giving rental market advice and referrals to help us rent out our previous home . we would definitely recommend angela as a real estate agent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angela was honest , professional and went above and beyond what most agents would do for their buyer . she has knowledge and makes the process effortless . i have worked with many real estate agents over the years , angela is tops ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smart , friendly , personable , professional while maintaining a casual , non-pushy vibe . i could go on but let me say she went above and beyond what any realtor has ever done . even after the sale and she is already paid , she is still relaying messages for me and seeing that i have everything i need . unless my own wife gets a realtors license , i 'll be using angela larson for all of my home buying and selling . she 's fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you walk in the staff is there to greet you with a smile . they are very friendly and knowledgeable . they always answer my questions and help me figure out what i want based on my tastes . they are also very quick . i take a moment to look around at what they have to sale and before i know it i 'm handed my delicious smoothie ! ! the only thing i do n't like is the protein powder is a bit expensive at $ 45 for only 20 days worth of it . and that 's if you only do one a day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always been a smoothie king fan and this is one of my favorite stores to stop into on my way to work . so many options for smoothies and i like that they have veggie blends now with kale carrots and other deliciousness . i tried a new one today the apple kiwi kale and i have to say it 's one of my favorites now i also always love the immune builder that 's always a favorite go to when i do n't have time to look over the many choices . staff is super friendly and seems to have tried all the flavors . they have a special on friday and a rewards program to redeem a free smoothie every few purchases or so . this location is a little hard to get into so do n't be in a hurry when trying to get in and out of the shopping center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , the staff was so nice and helping me pick one . i got the chocolate acai banana one and it was really good ! i love that they have different types of proteins to pick from as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved coming to this location because the staff was friendly and the smoothies were awesome . but one day i walked in and no one was at the counter ... so i stood there . then i heard people laughing in the back room . 3 teenagers appear ( only one of them wearing a employee shirt ) and they ignore me . as i stood patiently one of the teens asked another `` are n't you going to take her order ? '' wow ... long story short , i flipped out on the kid . then the other teens left and the employee kept apologizing to me . i have not returned to this location ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pleasant staff and delicious smoothies ! a perfect combination ! i 'm shocked to be the first one to write a review here because this place is totally awesome ! the staff greets you when you walk in , offer great suggestions and will make your smoothie however you like ! the smoothies are creamy and always made fresh , do n't like the option you selected ? no worries , they are happy to make you a new one ! consistently good customer service and great products means they just got another loyal customer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smoothies are not as healthy as you think . make sure they do n't add something called `` turbinado '' . turbinado is a type of sugar and not necessary as smoothies have plenty of sugar already from fruit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yet another wonderful experience at my favorite theatre . we went to see the 7:25 anchorman last night . when we got there though , the woman at the ticket booth told us the time had changed and it actually started at 7:05 . they had forgotten to change it on the website . since no one bought tickets , the movie did n't run . she felt so bad about the time change , she ran the movie just for the three of us ! our own private show . this place really knows how to make the customers feel special . i love this theatre and i would always go here if given the choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night , thanksgiving , i took my son to see the penguins of madagascar movie at hickory ridge . let me start off by saying i love that this independent theater has the most reasonable prices around . then i 'm informed that for the holiday they had a free popcorn promotion . every paid ticket received a free popcorn . their `` mega '' size soda comes with a free refill . this theater may not be as fancy as it 's neighboring theaters but it 's not dirty like i 've heard people say . it 's just not a place for snobs . sorry , i just get tired of people expecting their lives experiences to be as if they were kennedys . bottom line : current movies , best ticket prices , not robbing you at concessions , this is what a theater should be like . hickory ridge does it right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ditto the other 5-star reviews . avoid nightmare holiday mall traffic and packed theaters . going to see a first run movie on a big screen does n't have to break the bank ! an unbelievable family value . or cheap date night . theaters are clean , staff is very friendly and the prices ca n't be beat . support your local independent movie theater !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only time i visited here my experience was ok . this does n't mean this is a terrible movie theater , it 's a great movie theater ! but i will not let my average experience outweight all the good things i payed no attention to but now realize i missed ! the prices for movie tickets are some of the lowest you will ever find along with the prices for refreshmetns . the popcorn and the snacks are at fairly good prices that taste heavenly , some of the best theatre food . for a private cinema , the seating is plush and has good legroom with good armrests with a well kept clean atmosphere and pleasant carpeting all around . i do miss this cinema and hope to someday get the chance to come back here before they may decide to change anything . nothing needs to be done , it 's almost perfect in everyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i actually do n't mind this place , my boyfriend and i usually go here for date nights or if we can we 'll invite friends , they enjoy it as well . not crazy overpriced and the employees are helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cheap , late shows , courteous staff , newest movies , kid friendly and great deals combos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the 5 stars i give this place is not for their food , because we all know what mcdonalds is . i go here almost every morning for my iced coffee that i love and adore . i give them 5 stars because ive come to know the staff there and they just rock . maritza , kiara , maria and bb are among the best there and make my mornings a great one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "running around i got the munchies and stopped in for a couple of egg mcmuffins . they tasted the same as they have since they were invented in santa barbara decades ago . the staff was friendly and i got my sandwiches quickly . i thought i had reviewed this location several years ago when i was here for a uye fundraiser for julia t 's school .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not call the number posted . you 'll be greeted by a sleeping older woman . just a heads up lol but for real.. not even joking", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst mcdonald 's in arizona . every time they get my order wrong . today they did n't put french fries in my daughters happy meal . the number goes right to voicemail . managers are a joke . there 's a mcdonald 's on 16th st and indian school . go there instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a hurry i chose the drive thru . `` no fries '' , for real ? but they did give me ketchup , huh.. so after my nuggets i noticed no straw eather for my dick . come on man ... are you serious mc donalds ? i ended up spilling mountain dew everywhere , on myself & my car . thanks a lot ronald . i 've been got by the hamburgler !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst service ever in history . got so fed up i just walked out . did n't even bother making an order after standing in line i got told i need to be moved to other register ... ..which had now 5 people in line . sorry i said screw this i 'll go eat somewhere else do not recommend going here ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "granted if you 've seen one mcdonalds you 've pretty much seen 'em all . however when i tried to order a caramel coffee - it 's like i was speaking another language . i even explained how to make it and they still got it wrong . they refunded my money and i got a coke instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is obviously based on comparison to other mcdonald 's or fast food chains . this location is my favorite to come to . the play area is always clean and the customer service is great ! i always bring my son . he loves his happy meals and interacting with other children in the play area and i love seeing him happy : ) that is all", "score": "3"}
{"review": "comfortable bed , free wifi , convenient location , excellent pool -- what more can i ask for ? i stayed here for two nights , as we had a layover in phoenix before we headed out to hawaii for vacation . the hilton garden inn was surprisingly pleasant . the lobby was beautiful , the room was new and clean . the employees were all personable and the price of less than $ 100 a night was right on point . i would definitely stay here again if i needed to spend a night or two in the phoenix scottsdale area . nothing fancy , but it 's quite comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought this hilton hotel was beautiful ! the staff were also very friendly . the list goes on with the friendly things they did to make our stay pleasant . 1 . they opened the doors for us and greeted everyone when we came and went . 2 . they offered free coffee and fruit flavored water in the lobby every morning . one evening when they were out of water the receptionist even offered me a free bottle of water . 3 . another evening they were handing out free cookies that i took up to my room to enjoy . our hotel room was nice as well . we had a coffee maker and tea bags which is always a plus . the only downside was there were too many kids at the pool and i wanted to swim a little . ca n't blame them for wanting to splash around in the pool on a hot day though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't really require much out of a hotel . pretty much in my head as i enter a room the thoughts are something like this : bed ? check no bugs ? check seems safe ? check bathroom ? check as long as those criteria are met i 'm pretty much happy . the hilton garden inn met these expectations and more . they have comfy beds , a swimming pool , a nice little breakfast area and ( the thing that won me over ) free wireless internet . plus the people working there are super friendly and personable . for the price you 'll likely be hard pressed to find a better deal i imagine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice rooms at a reasonable price . this location is 5 years old at the time of this review yet it looks newer than that . all of the amenities that you could want and everything appears to be clean and well kept . the room was spacious and well appointed with plenty of pillows and toiletries . there was also a microwave , refrigerator , and a coffee pot . if you have service needs you may want to look elsewhere as there does n't seem to be much in the way of staff but i did n't have any problems . the full breakfast in the lobby cafe was good @ about $ 13 and you may want to look for rates that include breakfast to save a couple $ 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed at this hotel for a wedding . easy check-in , friendly staff , and close to lots of food and shopping . only downside was guests were loud in the pool area so choose the other side of the hotel if possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i arrived at this hilton on july 16th , and we are leaving on july 20th for a total of 4 nights . today is july 17th , and we have already experienced a scorpion in the bathroom ( which i took a picture of ) , and we just discovered some food in the microwave from the previous guest . i do n't know how long that food has been in the microwave . the restaurant food has been good ; unfortunately , my wife ordered a pasta dish that should have come with vegetables , but the hotel ran out of vegetables . that 's okay ; things happen . overall , the staff has been very nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly helpful staff , bottled water daily , refilled soaps lotions , clean room , breakfast made-to-order ( omelettes and eggs hashbrowns ) . drawbacks : my trash was n't taken out one day , so i had to call to have it taken out that night . and i was on the top floor , which was half smoking - my room smelled slightly like smoke one out of my four nights there ( also , i did n't even know there was such a thing as a smoking hotel room still ? maybe i 've just lived in california too long ) ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend and i stayed here during a friend 's wedding weekend . we had a rate of $ 109 night . we were pleased with all aspects ... .except their tiny bar closes at 10pm . the rooms were nice and clean . the bathroom was clean and modern . the water pressure was good . the beds and the pillows were comfortable . a fridge , microwave , and a keurig machine were provided . we could n't have asked for more ! the lobby is very nice . complimentary cucumber and lemon water are offered in the lobby as well as coffee . the pool area looked nice . there 's a gym . breakfast is not complimentary . we found a fantastic breakfast spot called over easy that 's a short drive away . i do n't think there 's anything within walking distance of this hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't be more happy about our stay at this hotel . my friend and i drove overnight ( 11 hour trip ) from san francisco for spring training . we pulled in to town at 8 am and obviously we were exhausted . we went to the hotel not only did they let us check in at 8 am ( regular check in 3 pm ) they gave us a complimentary breakfast . the rooms were clean , spacious and quiet . i did n't hear anyone once we were in our room and i know on saturday night there was a loud group of people across from our room ( i could hear them in the hallway ) but did n't hear a thing in our room . this hotel is walking distance to old scotsdale and the spring training stadium . i will definitely be staying here next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "front desk service is excellent , and the lobby and guest rooms are nice . the bed is very comfortable . as it 's an hgi , they have a full service breakfast , but is , as you might expect , quite average . all in all , a reasonably good place to stay in scottsdale at a reasonable price . only negative - service both days at breakfast was a bit odd ... the server seemed quite full of herself , and was a bit put out when politely asked for things ... not particulary interested in providing water , or coffee refills .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stay here often , the beds are awesome , they adjust to your preference of firmness , if your looking for a good night sleep this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sleep so great ! the beds are awesome ... .great place to stay when i am in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have the best cookies in the evening at the reception desk ! the rooms are clean and up to the usual hilton standards . disney channel ? check ! food network ? check ! clean beds . good location on the border of phoenix and scottsdale . no complaints here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is a great representative of the chain . very well appointed . very clean , comfortable , and a staff that knows how to run a hotel . my room was great . for me it was comfortable and well had all of the creature comforts . the chain and this room are just a cut above many chain hotels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one day staycation at this place . service was friendly and professional , room was nice . location is good near 101 and it was not noisy at all ( well , we keep the fan on all night in the ac unit , just the fan in this case ) . breakfast staff was super friendly , maria and roza took excellent care of us . mayra helped us with check-out , and i do not remember the name of the front desk lady when we checked in . 2 items i did not like : the hotel has a weird smell , like hospital-like . probably the cleaning supplies they use . also , more than once , there were smokers sitting in a bench just by the main entrance , not nice . oh , they have a nice putting green , and also , kudos to hilton for the free feminine hygiene items available in the main lobby ladies restroom : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place with friendly staff but not worth the $ 230 a night price , hot tub was broken both days so they lost a star . free coffee and infused water in the lobby were nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stayed here for a work trip was completely satisfied with the stay . the lobby looks modern and newly renovated . the food served in the hotel was also good . the front desk had snacks available throughout the day including healthy snacks . the fitness center was clean and had tvs on the individual equipment and free disposable head phones which was nice since i did n't have any . the rooms were clean and comfortable . the location is great and close to a lot of restaurants and businesses . the price is comparable to surrounding hotels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here for 2 weekend nights during spring training . hotels in the scottsdale area are at a premium during this time of year so when we found the hilton garden inn on princess drive for ~ $ 200 night we booked it without hesitation . this hotel is about 20 minutes from downtown scottsdale . it is very clean and located in a quiet part of town . the staff are friendly and helpful . there is ample free parking available here as well . would stay here again . a good value a short drive to downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice hotel . mini putting area , nice pool , nice outside seating areas with fire pit . happy hour started at 5 with $ 5 glass of wine . hotel gym is nice ( 2 treadmills 1 elipticor 1 recumbent bike free weights . friendly staff . i love it when they make reward members special by giving water & a snack at check in . nice lobby area . cant wait to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got to the hotel and our plans had changed . 15 minutes later , we decided we were n't going to stay . the hotel would n't cancel our reservation for us without charging us for a half day , even though we had spent less than 5 minutes upstairs and had n't touched a single thing in the room . it 's not like the hotel was n't nice , but the lack of human understanding and customer service was disturbing . it 's unfortunate that any sort of one time gesture could n't have been made . with all the options out there , i will certainly not be staying at a hilton again in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very well kept and up to date hotel . nice bathrooms and comfortable clean beds . staff is great , specifically front desk , attentive and there for your service . excellent facility", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would have given this plastic fabricator five stars because they do great work however , the owner 's egregious bedside manner is enough for me to look for services elsewhere ! in this hard economy customer service is paramont and to plop down 400. for a plastic box only to be made to feel completely unappreciated for your patronage is bad business . the owner actually sighed when he was made to look for my order , i watched him belittle one of his employees for not stating their questions in a clear word for word manner and then he proceeded to do the same to me ! he is difficult for the sake of being difficult and god bless his wife who is always trying to balance his abbrasiveness with her patient and humble demeanor . yes , this is not the first time i have encountered mr. stone ! do your comapany a favor and stay in the back of the house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "plopped down $ 400 to fix an item at work . not only was the order the wrong type of plastic , the owner refused to fix his mistake ! `` custom order and you had it cut . too bad ! '' too bad for him ! taking my business elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these people are right . this jerk has a serious mental problem . i`v started to tell him about it a couple of times . thinks people are supposed to be afraid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a custom sign for my business and could n't be more pleased . the sign is beautiful and i was surprised by how good the craftsmanship is for such a small shop . the owner had to order special colors to match my logo and worked with me on where to put the grommets so it would fit the studs on my wall . would definitely go back . highly recommended . ( i even got a free donut when i stopped by one morning ! ! ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has fast become our favorite vendor . our business is in la , and although we wanted to use someone more local , these guys are far and above for quality and care . they even made recommendations to our design that improved the product . their packing was superior , and we always receive speedy shipments in beautiful condition . we wish all our vendors were this great ! thanks for the amazing service : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far , so good . they 're easy to talk to . i came in with a crazy contraption that i 've been making out of materials from home depot that i wanted done all out of a strong but lightweight plastic . they were reasonable pricing for a prototype ( under $ 200 ... their competitor quoted higher , while telling me it probably was n't going to work ) . once the prototype was made and i tested it out a bit , i made a few slight changes and placed an order for 6 more . those will be done this week , and then i 'm in queue for my next order . for a project i was told would be impossible by others , they seemed to make it happen with ease . note : they do have a line of projects so typically it will take 2-3 weeks for production time . ( at least for my project. ) . not unreasonable ; just something to keep in mind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday i went to home depot and purchased a replacement acrylic plastic lens cover for a recessed ceiling light and needed it cut to a custom size . home depot would not cut it , and i was told to find a wood cutter or a cabinet shop , and the first one i went to was recently out of business . i looked online and 1800ceiling.com would only sell me 3 or more and referred me to a business that , ultimately , also could not help . i went on yelp and searched for `` plastic cutter '' and found welch 's plastics . i was only a couple of miles away so i stopped by and showed them the lens cover and 5 minutes later i walked out with a perfectly laser-cut lens cover . i wish i had known about them first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are real professionals above my expectations . i had a broken door for my boat i ca n't believe how they made exact copy of it . saved me other a thousand of dollars other buying a new unit from sea-doo directly . stefan definitely knows how to handle his business . so far i had 2 projects done and makes me wan na think what else should i let them fabricate. )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst papa johns experience i 've ever had . a man who looked like he was the manager made a sexist joke when i asked to split my purchase on separate cards . him along with several other employees laughed in my face when i asked for extra sauce . it 's no wonder the business was going downhill with service like this . i 've never been treated this way at any type of customer service establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , food , and accurate timing . these guys mean business . greeting you when you enter and when you leave . they 're a well run business for sure ! will definitely return for business ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ordered for delivery and spoke with shane over the phone . he said he was in training . he did a great job ! very polite ! he asked questions when he did n't know . he wanted to get it right . i for one appreciate that ! thank you shane !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there a couple times to pick up the pizza i ordered online , the employee was friendly and the pizza was ready , it is a small store so there were n't any lines . they added extra gralic sauce and jalapeno on the side , overall it is a nice store", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i order delivery from here all the time . it 's always on time , hot when it gets here , and the delivery people are always polite . they also paid attention to the `` crazy dog , call # '' note i used to make and did n't approach the yard -- not all delivery places pay attention to that stuff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to thank the manager steve . i ordered a pizza with sausage and there was literally one to 2 sausages on the pizza slice ... i communicated my frustrations since this is n't the only time it 's happened ... he heard me out and happily with a smile apologized and offered to make us another pizza freshly made with more sausage . i work for customers service oriented job and i just love how he acted , no i was n't yelling lol but i 'm sick with flu and he could of just said i 'm sorry and basically deal with it ... long story short steve was great and very helpful and made everything right ! thank you steve ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered online delivery . the pizza arrived safely and the driver was polite . my complaint is the taste . the pizza was very bland and lacking flavor . next time i want a pizza delivered i 'll stick with dominos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the actual dentist himself is great , but his receptionist judite is an incredibly rude person . she will sit and chat with others for 20-30 minutes , while you are waiting . she will cut you off when you are speaking . she has actually hung up the phone on me several times while i was mid-sentence . she is completely unprofessional . she makes the whole experience very negative which is too bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been on and off at this dental office mainly for emergency dental issues . a new dentist took over this practice earlier this year , and it seems like there have been improvements with staff training . the receptionist and assistants have become much more professional and friendly than before . i like the new dentist and his improved practice . he is professional , knowledgeable , and he knows how to communicate with patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst receptionist . she is super rude and condescending for absolutely no reason at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved this place . the food is super yum ! & the people were so helpful . boyfriend wanted me to make some homemade turon & they helped me with the ingredients , they were even the ones who offered . totally a fan ! my favorite asian market store : d their cafe in the back is super good and fresh too . worth the money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you live on the southside of vegas and craving for filipino food , definitely check out ortigas . it 's right across from southpoint casino on las vegas blvd . im very please with there food here , but make sure you come when the food is made fresh . i recommend coming between 9am-12pm thats when all the food is out and ready to serve . if you drop in alot later the food wont be as good and fresh , cause its a small market . i love there diniguan and sisig here , i think its pretty tasty ! and for the price you ca n't beat it and it 's so close to the house : ) there 's a few table inside , so you could sit down and enjoy your food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place reminded me of home . it 's a cute small shop to do you 're filipino ( or thai , or anything asian ) grocery shopping . there are limited frozen goods but there 's a whole isle of traditional spices and sauces . the pricing is decent and the filipino lady who works there is nice and funny ( as most of the filipino aunties out there ) . the credit card minimum is $ 10 , but you should n't have a problem when you 're filipino and tend to buy a lot of your grocery all at once . the cool thing about this place is their indoor mini-restaraunt , and from what i could tell , the food looks pretty good -- not to mention their halo halo as well ! it 's a good place to shop at when you live on the south side of town , otherwise you can try driving to seafood city if you want a wider selection of filipino goods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've known about this place for a while , but i finally decided to try it for lunch today after having some of their food at my aunt 's place yesterday . it 's your basic local asian food mart . i did n't go through the aisles , but i 'm sure you would find the expected brands and items . on this visit , i went straight for the food service counter at the back . i chose a two-item combo consisting of filipino menudo and chicken adobo with rice for $ 5.99 . the quality of the food did not disappoint . i 'm glad i finally gave this place a try . it is now on my list of possible lunch destinations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great , small , but just right . yesterday , we went and i was so excited because they had new zealand corn beef . the 11.5 oz can costs $ 6.50 . and the 15 oz can was $ 7.50 . so of course i got the 15 oz . then we walked around , my son found the 2.0 oz container of preserved plums . so yummy . as we browsed around some more , i got a little too excited because i found pichi-pichi . i have not had pichi-pichi in years . i had a friend that made them day and brought them to work when i lived in washington state . one day , we would have purple pichi-pichi , next day would be blue , then there was plain , green ones , red ones , and much much more . so i bought two batches . they were $ 2.99 for each . i also bought a batch of kutsinta that was $ 2.99 . there was so much , but so little to spend . next i will be stocking up . lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their food is great and so much tastier than other asian markets in the area . the service is also amazing , they are always ready to help with a smile . they have a great selection of products from the philippines and they are reasonably priced . we come out to this store even though it 's further from our house than other markets because of the great service they provide and the delicious food ! try the pinakbet , menudo , kare kare , and pork adobo ! yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place by accident . we had fried rice noodle stick , chicken adobo , pork and chicken skewers and menudo . we like it so much we went back again during our weekend visit to vegas . delicious filipino food for a very low price . ca n't ask for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moderately priced for all your filipino goodies . and it 's nearby where i live , so that is also a plus . i have been craving filipino food for a month , so thanks to yelp - i saw they had a little filipino cafe in the back as well . good food , the cook is from pampanga , where my family is from as well . they 're are also very nice , i do n't speak that much tagalog , but are very welcoming . they have a $ 5.99 combo for white rice , and two entrees . portion size was decent , i was able to share my meal with my sister . usually i like to go early afternoon , because of the tip the other yelped stated how things were cooked fresh from 9am-12pm . so whenever you 're feeling lazy to cook , it 's a nice quick place to get quick filipino food , caldereta , pinkabet , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great filipino food . i enjoy it every time i go . great customer service and hospitality . the menudo is delicious ! whole fish great.great variety of snacks and seating . make the trip it 's worth it . everyone is welcomed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their cook is an elderly filipina lady ( from ilocos sur , condon ? ) , her taste of cooking -- fills me up ! i really like their pancit , banana lumpia ( turon ) , and many more ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place on yelp . i come here for the garlic peanuts . we 're from palm desert , ca and have n't found a place in la or in palm desert that makes good garlic peanuts . so i look forward to coming and enjoying peanuts from here . the folks here are so friendly and helpful . come here for your filipino ingredients . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "05 14 17 update : the foods are way salty lately ! egado , pancit , kaldereta and even adobo puso ng saging ! it supposed to be sour than salty ! hypertension , heart attack and diabetes are filipinos ' main medical problems and place like this is n't your best choice ! kabayan go easy on the patis and salt !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really enjoy their hot and authentic filipino food . though i 'm not filipino i must say it does taste homemade and made with love ! everyone there is always welcoming and they have a lot of different asian grocery items . the prices for the 1 and 2 item entre are incredibly reasonable . i usually get adobo with rice or the kari kari with pancit . either way it 's always fun to try new foods and it 's been consistently good here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "neat little asian market serving mostly filipinos . there is a table when you first go into the store and it 's filled with either lumpia ( spring rolls ) or freshly made south-east asian desserts made with coconut milk , tapioca , etc . the store is well-stocked with all kinds of food products not just from the phillipines but also chinese , vietnamese . there is a hot buffet at the back of the store and it showcases mostly filipino food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . they are very friendly and accommodating specially miss medy who served us delicious filipino dishes . we will come back definitely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family owned asian market ! super friendly and good hot food to eat ! come here all the time . smaller than other asian markets but usually have what i need there . small freezer section .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the turo turo filipino food here . so tasty and reasonably priced . i always have a meal here when i 'm in the area . also have halo halo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get a lot for your money , but that does n't mean anything if you ca n't eat the food . we ordered chicken lo mein chicken fried rice and orange chicken . the noodles in the lo mein were edible but the chicken not so much . my daughter said the orange chicken was awful , i just took her word for it . and the fried rice was n't fresh . waste of our money overall . their chicken taste boiled with no flavor . good thing i had a coupon ! will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was just okay and i ended up with food poisoning , i will not go back ! i do not reccomend this to anyone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered some take out . had the family dinner for two with sweet and sour chicken , beef broccoli , wonton soup , egg roll and rice . and a lo mein lunch special on the side . was more than enough food to feed more than 2 people . never been inside the restaurant just read some reviews and decided to order from here . chinese food was average nothing special but definitely not bad and would order from here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first time ordering and having my food delivered by this place . let 's start with who answered my phone call ; she was nice , friendly and answered all my questions . we placed order from menu i got on link here in yelp . we ordered pork fried rice , orange beef and crab wontons . they said food was going to be delivered with a 30-45 minutes . it took them about 20 minutes to delivered by this super nice lady ( who my dog almost killed of a heart attack ; sorry ) . which it was good cause we were starving . fried rice had an awesome flavor and so did the orange beef . wontons were good but a little skimpy on cream cheese filling . oder came with free egg rolls ( which were also good ) , soy sauce , sweet and sour sauce , spicy oil and fortune cookies . in over all we were very pleased with our order and will definitely order again from them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was highly suggested ; however , when shane and i showed up the only thing that looked good about this place was an oceanic painting on the wall . i give this place a one star because the food was hot and ready in like 5 minutes , but the appearance was interesting . i ordered orange chicken ; you ca n't really mess up orange chicken rite ? well the supposed fried rice was just white rice drenched in soy sauce and the noodles looked old and gross . the orange chicken tasted nothing like orange and it looked like it was previously frozen . sorry peeps i will not be going back to the golden china . ps not sure why they are called `` golden '' china as there was nothing golden about this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just moved over to this side of town ! tried to order chinese food for delivery . this was my fourth call because apparently a lot of chinese food joints over here do n't do delivery ? incredibly odd to me.. anyways . they were nice over the phone i ordered orange chicken , vegetable lo mein , and 2 orders of crab puffs for 27 bucks . they were here in about 25 minutes the estimated about 30-40 so that was a pleasant surprise . the food was okay.. the orange chicken looked and tasted just as great . the noodles were bland.. maybe a little under cooked they look light my colored and did n't have much flavor at all . the crab puffs were good but there was only like a spoonful of cram cream cheese mixture in there.. which was kind of disappointing because that 's my favorite part . will definitely try again maybe it was an off night for the noodles and crab puffs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i love this place we have been coming here for nine years . the staff is so friendly , attentive , and nice . the egg drop soup is great . the house fried rice is delicious . the orange chicken is yummy . the crab puffs are divine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard to find good chinese food , especially if around this area by westview hs . came in on a recommendation , first thing i noticed it was clean , smelled clean too . like bleach and pine sol , so for me that was a plus , came in for their lunch menu , cheap ! i had the sweet and sour pork , came with fried rice , egg roll and wantons . also got beef broccoli combo for the gf . meat was meat and not fat . fried rice was n't the greatest but hardly gave any so for me it was n't a biggie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the fact that i live 5 minutes from this restaurant . outstanding singapore rice noodles , very tasty chow fun . chicken fried rice made to order tastes great and the portions are huge . i find the quality of the food just as good as it 's higher-priced neighbor ( wongs ) . give this place a try if you 're in the area . also , if you shop at fry 's kiddie-corner from this restaurant , there 's usually a coupon on the backside of your grocery receipt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh , jesse and i went in on a whim mid afternoon on the weekend . place was empty and the decor is lacking . we had good service , never an empty drink . i had strawberry chicken- it was pretty good , not very flavorful but good . jesse had another spicy chicken dish- ok. great prices , came out for $ 17 including a $ 5 tip . some people in the restaurant were making lunch meat sandwiches taken from the pepsi fridge in the front- strange . may order for take out , but not going in again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good chinese food , friendly and prompt service , it was a little warm in the restaurant so that made it a but uncomfortable , but all in all it was a nice dinner experience , i will definitely be back soon and often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some bad shrimp ... very sick for about 24 hours . i knew it the second i bit into it that is was bad . luckily i did not swallow much of it . the people there are very sweet , but just keep an eye out on the seafood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is an average made-for-americans chinese place . not particularly friendly people . the beef curry was barely ok . the sauce was sort of thickened and glossy . the chow fun noodles were the best thing , wide noodles with beef . the egg rolls were average . i would try a different chinese place ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst chinese food i 've ever had . not sure if we even had real chicken or something else but it did not look normal . prices are ridiculous expensive . better off anywhere else but here . first and last time for me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super fast delivery . with great and friendly staff . love the canton noodles and hot and sour soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have a creepy lady that serves . she was way to hands on with the food . i was eating and she reached over me and slid my plate closer as if i was dropping food on the table or something . stood in my personal space for a good minute or two as i was chowing down . it was too weird for my liking . food was alright", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is pretty standard chinese fare , but the service has been excellent every time we 've been here . it 's definitely a mom and pop family run place , which i prefer over a big chain anyway . if you 've never tried them , the canton noodles are really good . they 're like normal lo mein noodles , but fried crispy . then the brown sauce softens them up again . nom nom nom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife & i tried this out last week and since moving here and trying to find some decent chinese food , this was pretty good ... we had the crab puffs which were fried perfectly and not oily , general tso chicken and it was good with lots of sauce and broccoli , house special lo mein which i thought had good flavor and had a great meat veggie to noodle ratio and the honey walnut shrimp which was our favorite dish and it was realllllly good ... maybe we caught it on the right night or could be that we were first timers but owners were very friendly and accommodating , service was quick and the food was hot and fresh ... will definitely be back but still searching for the perfect place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "golden china is n't the fanciest chinese restaurant in the west valley , but they are friendliest . they 're so friendly , the first time my wife and i ate there , we started laughing . plus , their food is always hot and delicious . their prices are very reasonable , even for dinner . my favorite dish is their sesame chicken , and my wife and daughter share the sweet and sour chicken with the sauce on the side . i like the hot and sour soup too . also , they have a table where you can leave your business cards and brochures . i think that 's friendly too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had better chinese food . the cheese puffs did n't have much cream cheese . the orange chicken was pretty much only breading . i was pretty disappointed . i did like their sweet and sour soup , it was pretty spicy , but otherwise i do not see myself coming back . there was a lot of people coming in for take out , so they must be doing something right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place went there lady night and had a great meal the food was so fresh the place was clean and the staff very friendly . we will be back so take the time to enjoy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really worth trying , great lunch specials ! ! ! 6.50 , many options to choose from , tasty food , many options not deep fried , and all very flavorful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we did not care for the food here although he service was very friendly . the chicken was heavily breaded and deep fried . not the kind that we really care for and we probably wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this hole in the wall ! very friendly ladies take pride in their work . very decent food and great prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually love ordering from here . however one big problem after ordering vegetable lo mein yesterday ! i got food poisoning big time ! woke up at 11:30 pm barfing . took work off the next day , still vomiting . ca n't eat or drink . i do n't think i 'll eat from here again : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no ice . the egg drop soup was flavorless . the waitress barely serviced us and made us feel rushed . the overall food and service was not that great . do not bother stopping by if you 're looking to enjoy a nice , savory dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love golden china ... granted u just know not to eat the fried rice or the chow mein noodles but the fried shrimp app and most things we have tried have been delicious . we have been five times now and loved it every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never dined in , only done take out . food is always hot and delicious -- even after the 15-20 minute drive home . staff is not noticeably friendly but i find that is standard for chinese restaurants of this sort . prices and portions are comparable to the nearby chinese restaurants . i think chopsticks are only given by request but that is okay since it is agonizing to eat my favorite dish , shrimp fried rice , with chop sticks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on a recent trip for tasty chinese food , i ordered the orange beef it was crisp on the outside and nice and tender in the middle a very generous portion , their selection of gourmet food is 4 pages worth and priced very reasonable . fendi our server alway takes our order with a smile and a suggestion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location , right by the berri-uqam metro and in the latin quarter . short walk also to old town . hardwood floors , great bed and glorious double double glazing with an old fashioned radiator . no waking in the middle of the night cold , or because the warm air heating just clanked on . toasty rooms , more than enough coat hangers for my weeks worth of business clothes.. two bedside tables and lights ( amazed how many hotels these days do n't think that you both want to read ! ) . small but perfectly functional shower and super hair dryer . extremely friendly staff , bilingual and friendly enough to answer our dumb questions about language in montreal . great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ewwww dude ... this was n't very good . after taking well over an hour to deliver food on a thursday night.. it was cold , soggy , and not appetizing . i ordered the sesame chicken , which was really sweet and sour chicken sprinkled with sesame seeds . the crab puffs were soggy and under cooked . the only things thought was decent was the egg fried rice . i have yet to find a decent delivery place in tempe , and this makes me sad : (", "score": "2"}
{"review": "walked into the restaurant at 12:00pm and only 3 people in the place . i should have listened to my gut instinct . however , after skipping breakfast my gut had conflicting reports ... the honey chicken wings were bad . the sesame chicken was worse . both sauces tasted almost exactly alike , and they both were n't good . they do give you a lot of food , but not worth it . i could n't eat half of it . i will not be back here for sure . the ambiance inside is cool . ma and pop hole in the place type of place . i got my food to go , but if they had good food , i would come back and dine in .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you know what ! ? i have been going to this hole-in-the-wall chinese take-out place for about 10 years now and its time to give it its due . i have pretty much only ordered one dish because there is no reason to order anything else here ... ..the hunan chicken . in the 10 years some things have remained very constant : 1 . the owner is very friendly and is always working . 2 . this dish is always consistent and tasty . and 3 . they are very quick and cheap . what more is there ? i 'm going 5-star just based off of that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they forgot my drink and they delivered cold food they noticeably stored for a good 7 hours or so . was not happy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not impressed at all ! rice is under cooked , crab puffs were inconsistent ; either huge and super cheesy , or a tiny folded crisp . shrimp tasted weird . the delivery guy kind of spilled the sauce so the bottom of the bag was drenched . delivery speed was mediocre . do n't think i 'll order from here again unless i 'm desperate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went to hunan after trying a few chinese places in chandler . when we called the lady didnt speak very good english so we knew this place would be authentic . it definately was authentic ! ! ! we are very very satisfied with everything ! ive uploaded some pictures we ordered 3 combos and 2 sides . cheap , huge amounts ( as shown in pictures ) and service was kind and satifactory .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here on occasion for about a year now and have tried a lot of different menu items and have not had anything i did n't like . the soups and noodle dishes are tasty and their combo meals are a great value for around 7-8 bucks that come with egg roll , 2 fried won tons , and a small soup . the counter workers are very friendly and they have a condiment bar with ginger , pickled jalapenos , and kimchi . their daily specials are only 5 dollars and come with rice and a soda . if you 're in the hood and have a hankering for some good chinese stop here and no where else , you wo n't be disappointed , hungry , or broke .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "could ask for better chinese delivery ! i ordered hunan at 8:30pm one night just because they were nearby and i 'm super impressed . this is the place in tempe for chinese food ! the order came quickly , within 20 minutes . the order was correct and they threw in the extras that most chinese places should but some forget : sweet and sour sauce , duck sauce , crunchy noodles , and of course the fortune cookies . the quantity of food was crazy . i was barely able to finish a fourth of the meal ! left overs for days ! the quality was great . the shrimp were large sized , the rice was excellent , the noodles and sauces were wonderful . let me put it to you this way : if you need chinese food in tempe , order from hunan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this lunch visit came from a suggestion from my boyfriend who claims the portion sizes are a great deal for the money - which is true . however , the less of this subpar food the better . i had the hunan special chicken and my boyfriend had the general tso chicken . i 'm more of a fan of white meat than dark meat , and most of the chicken that was visible through the fried fat and skin was dark . the staff was friendly enough but the place was dirty ( food on the walls ) and the parking lot is a joke . if you are in the mood for chinese food , do yourself a favor and pass up this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dude . i thought it was good . hunan special chicken is similar to orange chicken but less syrupy . vegetable lo mein had lots of vegetables . the order was cooked quickly and portions are very large - good value for the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the delivery is very slow . do n't be surprised after 7 pm to wait 2 hours for your food to show up . ( i live 1 mile away ) for the wait , the quality is n't impressive . the shrimp are never cleaned properly , so avoid if you can . anything with the lobster sauce is un-edible . your best bet is the chow-fun or the fried rice . anything breaded is usually a bad bet as the food sits over an hour waiting to be delivered . the vegetables are usually overcooked as well because of the assumed time it sits being over steamed en route to your door . my biggest complaint ? they never have chopsticks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "made the mistake of ordering some soup from these clowns using grub hub . so , an hour later the delivery guy ( some kid ) knocks on the door with the soup , but he does n't have any change for a twenty . so , i tell the kid that when he 's making deliveries he needs to have change for a twenty , and you what the kid tells me ? he says ; `` go f ck yourself '' and walks aways with the soup . nice ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would n't suggest dining in . it seems like they do n't use their air conditioner and the place feels hot and swampy even during winter time . the street hippies in the area are in and out , and parking is a bit tight since it shares the lot with quite a few other businesses . someone suggested to order their # 3 `` hunan special chicken . '' it was just okay , but you get a big portion for the price which deserves a +1 star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you do not want food poisoning , then do not eat here . the person i was with had to call out of work at 2 am due to vomiting for a half hour straight from take out . i will never order from this place ever again . save yourself the money , sleep and hopefully your stomach .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food - i ordered beef broccoli and lemon chicken ( the lemon chicken was deep-fried which i was n't expecting , but it was alright ! i 'd order these again ) . the deep-fried wontons were great and the egg roles were some of the best i 've had ( not slimy on the inside like many places i 've been to ) . i ordered delivery and it took 1h 10mins to get here : ( but it came hot so i was okay with that : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time , and last . food was delivered quickly . ordered teriyaki beef , lemon chicken and order of fried wantons . teriyaki beef was small pieces of beef with good flavor but wierd slimy greasy texture . lemon chicken was literally fried scrap chicken ( fatty and mixture of light & dark ) fried and chopped then covered with bright yellow slime . slime was lemonish tasting . total disapointment . wantons were tiny and way over cooked , meat in the center was as hard as the wanton . since we ordered combos we got eggrolls too , mine smelled wierd and was pretty greasy . fortune cookie : those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . ( like ordering from here again ! )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good boss , he is 70years old but still working everyday ! food taste like my home town ! very traditional food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i went here , i had a decent meal . i had the hunan special chicken and it was n't bad . i visited again today and was very disappointed . i had the sweet and sour chicken combo today . the egg roll and wontons were okay . i believe i can make better hot and sour soup . the chicken was of very poor quality . i bit into a bad piece with gristle and cartilage . it was n't as crispy as i like it either . i wo n't be going here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the hunan special chicken # 3 . best in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got delivery from this place because i heard positive reviews about their food . this food is delicious ! ! it 's very hard to find food chinese food . the low mein and orange chicken is awesome along with the chicken fried rice . the delivery lady was so sweet and courteous as well . the food was so hot when it got here too . definitely ordering from here from now on . : ) i wish i would have found it sooner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very crispy general tso 's chicken , big servings , and reasonable prices . take out was fresh and hot , i 'll be back ... was n't crazy about crab puffs tho", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hunan chicken is amazing , fried chicken mixed with chinese cuisine . could n't eat everything unfortunately as they have large portions , but the food was excellent . not something i would 've gone to if it were n't for recommendations . glad i am always up to try new things because this was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i 've been ordering from here forever . food is great , quick , and the staff is friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered from hunan chinese delivery last night and was not impressed at all ! i was so dissapointed when i opened it all up . i had gone on here to find a good delivery and this place had good reviews so i thought i 'd try it out . the prices are good for what you all get but the quality of the food was terrible . the orange chicken was super soggy and so was the rice . i did enjoy the egg roll though . my husband ordered the teriyaki beef and did n't even want to touch it . he said looking at it just made him want to get sick . def wo n't be eating the mounds of leftovers today ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "outstanding food . the lo mein shrimp and snow peas are to die for . the won ton soup is tasty along with the appetizers of deep fried shrimp , won ton wrappers and eggrolls . the hunans are very generous with their dipping sauces . im proud to serve hunans to my out of state relatives and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty close to the best crab puffs i have ever had . the delivery was supposed to take 30 minutes according to what they quoted me , it took 60 minutes . the chicken was soggy and dry , overcooked chicken with under fried breading . i asked them to make it `` extra , extra , extra , extra , super duper spicy . as spicy as you can make it '' and it was the most bland tasting breaded chicken i have had and not even close to spicy . the lo mien was spicier than the gt 's chicken . i would go back if i only wanted crab puffs but that 's it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so good ! i recommend the hunan chicken combo . my girl friend loves the cream puffs . i have had some issues with deliveries , but overall this place is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first impressions last . so i 'm going to have another delivery from this place next time . and i 'm going to try the hunan chicken that everyone is saying , is good . i had chicken chopsuey and i thought it was very tasty - chicken is tender , sauce not bland , veggies are fresh . delivery is abou 45 minutes but imo worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place back when i was a student at al collins graphic design . best chinese food in tempe . you get a huge portion for the price , and everything is oh so good . best mom and pop chinese cuisine around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food . the freshest time to go is between the hours of 4-6 . after that i had a couple of run ins with not so fresh chicken . the sweet and sour chicken is my highest recommended dish . i", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is amazing . i 'm outside the delivery area , but it is worth the drive . they make the egg foo young wonderful ( where they put everything on top and not inside ) the moo shoo pork is a family favorite , but they do run out at times ( it 's that good ) hot and sour sizzling rice soup and the sesame chicken are some other favorites . a definite family run business they make common human errors , but always correct it and are always friendly when face to face .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this food is really good compared to the rest of these types of restaurants in my area . they have the best wonton soup ever ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best crab puffs i 've ever had . i 'm comparing this to the many chinese places i 've been to in san francisco and la and omg it 's heavenly explosions of creamy cheesy fried goodness ! ! i 've had their fried race and it 's pretty delicious and they gave big portions . i 'm not sure why they 're not rated higher . i mean , this is a hole in the wall , not a fancy family restaurant or anything . lack of ambiance , but it 's really cheap , good eats . egg rolls are good too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their food and hands down the best eggrolls i 've ever had . for a while there i was buying them by the dozen . wish they delivered to chandler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for about 7 8 years now and it 's one of the best chinese restaurants in tempe . it 's affordable and the amount of food you get is so worth it . i always get the hunan special chicken and it 's never a disappointment . the house fried rice is good too as well as the crab puffs . the couple that owns it is so friendly ! they know my family and i because we 're loyal customers and every time we go in with the kids they always give us a big bag of fortune cookies , who can say no to that ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bleh . this place looks pretty rough , but it 's been here for a long time and i was thinking that the food must be pretty good if it 's survived that long . wrong . i 'd say that at least half of my hunan chicken & shrimp combo went in the trash . i could 've done better with panda express and i 'll be eating a bowl of cap'n crunch in hour or two . fortune cookie : desire , like the atom , is explosive with creative force . in bed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good place to eat.. i go here atleast 3 times a week and the owners are very good people , they always interact with their customers . i pretty much know the owners and everytime i go there they already know what i want . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is marvelous . their special combos are only $ 7 and they are very friendly and quick . i 'd recommend anyone looking for a quick bite of tasty chinese food to come to hunan express . this place is my go-to chinese restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , this place was de-lic-ious ! i am giving 5 stars because of their freaking awesome lunch special . $ 6.00 and the to-go container was practically bursting at the seams . i ordered the hunan chicken lunch special , which came with some pretty delicious chicken , a side of beef with broccoli ( which was my favorite part ! ) , some chow mein ( i think ) with noodles and mushrooms ( did n't eat the chow mein because of the mushrooms - blech ) and white rice . it also came with a can of soda and a fortune cookie , all for $ 6.00 even . ca n't beat that ! the wait was maybe 5-7 minutes and worth every minute . it appears this is run by a family and everyone was so nice . the next time i am in the area i will be back to try the other yummy looking items . maybe next time i can get it no mushrooms . loved this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although hunan express took our delivery order 20 minutes before they closed , the food was half an hour late ( after their 35 minute delivery estimate ) . the food was amazingly crappy . i ordered the bok choy chicken , which was almost decent . my boyfriend ordered the orange chicken , which definitely made me want to throw up , first bite . both were hugely lacking flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . their salt and pepper pork is n't on the menu , but it 's their thursday daily special and you can order it any day of the week . the owners are always so nice , which makes me happy as a return customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good authentic chinese food with reasonable price . like their hunan chicken a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , extremely large variety , and to die for general tso 's . it 's cheap and there 's always leftovers , so i love visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been dining here for about a handful of years . more often than not , this mum and pop shoppe 's been consistent with delivering great customer service ... and food that are tastier than panda express ! no . this place is not perfect for everybody . however , this works for us - price , location , customer service , consistency , and food variety ! ^_^", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've ordered from this place three or four times , and each time they 've delivered in less than an hour . they are very well priced , and consistent in their quality of food . it is not the utter best chinese food i 've ever had , but its pretty good and delivers later than a lot of other places . the crab puffs are the best i 've ever had , anywhere , though . seriously , they have much more `` crab '' and a lot less too-crunchy fried wonton stuff . the hot and sour soup is flavorful , but not that spicy . i 'd prefer it more sour and more hot , myself . the hunan chicken is great , and so is the broccoli chicken . overall , good quality food and good delivery !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you feel like chinese this place is definitely better and better prices than panda . it does take awhile for them to make your food so i would call ahead of time even when no ones there but their spicy chicken , lemon shrimp , pork is always awesome with fried rice . normally i do n't like lo mein but theirs has just enough sauce and tastes so fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best i 've fond outside of new jersey ! the best ! to find food this good this far from the east coast is awesome ! feels like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we called in our office order the man who answered the phone was extremely rude . absolutely zero courtesy ! ! we felt rushed when ordering and when we asked what the delivery time looked like he refused to answer . we then asked again which he finally answered 45mins and then proceeded to hang up on us -- - luckily i was able to catch him before he hung up and told him he did n't ask us weather or not we wanted white rice fried rice or egg roll soda for our lunch special.after telling us `` it comes with fried rice already '' ( which on the website it clearly reads that we would have a choice ) he then hung up with extreme prejudice . after feeling we would have our food spat in due to this experience , we called back to cancel the order . the company i work for is based on great service and attitude , i would n't subjectivity my co-workers to such bad service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered party trays for company party yesterday for 70+ people . nothing but great service from here . from delivery on time to lots and lots of food ! we even have a lot extra to feed additional 20+ people . price is very reasonable . will definitely order more in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "generous portions and good sweet and sour shrimp but nothing extraordinary about their fried rice or lo mein", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one day i walked in and noticed the cook sitting in the dinning area , while i waited to order i notice him dig in his nose , then walk back to the kitchen and didnt wash his hands , i wasnt sure so i walked around to the kitchen to peek in and i was right ... i then told the owner and his wife and they made him wash his hands . i walked out ... .will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to hunan express for a number of years because , while deeply unhealthy , their hunan special chicken - a medley of fried chicken and a sweet and sour dark sauce - is highly addictive . unfortunately , after a long hiatus , i came in to try their new lunch combo ; hunan special chicken with broccoli beef , noodles , and rice . the food arrived extremely late , the sauce for the chicken was cold , and the beef sauce tasted and smelled , and i do not kid , like urine . it was a deeply unpleasant eating experience , and i 've finally found the willpower to break my addition to their chicken . would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used to go here while attending asu . it was a quick service with okay food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wontons are probably the best i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not even the fortune cookie was good ! i paid about $ 8 for rice and vegetables . my egg drop soup consisted of campbell 's soup . that 's it . i mean , this place reminds me i really need to take up cooking because , i just got robbed . the only reason i have it two stars is because it 's local . other than that , i came here to eat rice , peanuts , and campbell 's soup . dammit !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't order here unless you have two hours to wait for delivery . this `` restaurant `` is affiliated with grubhub and they do n't even bother notify them of delays . after several calls with grubhub i called human express and was told `` we very busy ! '' i am happy a little business is doing so well . our food finally arrived literally two hours later without any apology . `` adequate food '' is generous . if you are wanting quick delivery this is n't it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hunan special chicken is always great . the menu says that it spicy , but it 's usually not which is fine . the white rice is always fluffy and delicious . crab puffs are divine . although they 're sweet and sour dipping sauce is not the best it 's somewhat thin and water down . they always remember to include lots of soy sauce napkins and forks as well as spicy mustard and fortune cookies . do deliveries very fast and their prices are reasonable . have ordered from them several times and im never disappointed . the lemon chicken chicken is tasty too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate leaving disappointing reviews . the food was bland and not worth the $ 20 i paid . it took about 1 hour and 15 minutes for the food to arrive and i live 3 miles down the road . kung pao chicken was not spicy and bland , pepper beef had absolutely no flavor and did n't look great when it arrived , and egg drop soup was more like chicken noodle soup and did not have the same flavor i 'm used to . i was craving chinese food but i was pretty disappointed when it arrived . the delivery guy was super sweet though so i feel bad about the negative review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here on a sunday . place is n't very inviting from the outside . could n't even tell where the front door was . bartender was super nice but definitely catered to the regulars at the end of the bar . ordered wings and a mid-well burger . everything was undercooked . burger was still bloody inside . i like that but my lil one does n't . hence , the mid-well ordering . wings were still rubbery . sent em back to get cooked longer . no biggie , but they did n't re-season em when they came back out . so , dry wings it was . yumm . charged for extra sauce which i thought was kinda lame but whatever . only thing that would keep me coming back was a pretty damn good beer selection and the bloody marys were killer . so , just do sunday funday with the booze and eat at home ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this has been a pretty good local bar to hang out at when i am in town a few times per year . but to have a good bar you need a friendly , nice bartender . the day girls have always been nice , but i made the mistake of staying after she left and had to deal wth a rude , nasty , unappreciative bartender . i even had to ask the person next to me what did i say to her ? the person said i did nothing wrong . i will have to find a new place to drink a few when i am in town . would never want to deal with such nasty girl bartender again . so take your chances if you go in there after five o clock people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "penny and marcy are amazing bartenders and the food is amazing every time i come in . also an amazing beer selection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and service were excellent tonight . had the buffalo chicken wrap and it is the best one i 've had in awhile . the bartender ( i hope her name was meg - that 's what it said on the receipt ) was knowledgeable about the beer on tap and very personable . speaking of beer on tap , best available in north ridgeville . this is a great little town , but if you want a good microbrew , this is really the only place to go . great draft selection while still giving those with a less refined beer palate an option for the usual suspects . i 'm happy every time i come in here . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night the place was homecoming for savannah 's long lost group . under new ownership this place is really going to take off . it was packed last night to the geese cats , a group you really want to hear . food was great . let 's give this place a try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was nice the band was awesome and the drinks are really good ! the service was really nice and funny ! they have the best sunday bloody mary 's", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here on a select few occasions when i am out in north ridgeville and more often than not there is a band playing and quite loudly i might add . the most recent time there was a series of bands playing one sounding exactly the same as the next . their food is standard bar food and i would recommend the nachos , they do n't look like much but they are one of the better items i have had here . i will compliment them on their beer selection . for your standard sports bar they have a decent variety of craft beers and a larger than average number of taps . check it out if your looking for a local sports bar but if there is a band do n't count on being about to have a conversation with the person sitting next to you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bogo burger night rocks ! ! ! ! seriously one of the best burgers i 've had in a long time ! i got the italian burger and it was done exactly as ordered . i like my burgers medium rare and way too often , no matter where i go , i end up with medium well . which does not make me happy . but , that was not the case tonight ! great burger , great flavors , done exactly the way i asked ! this was our second visit here and i have been happy both times ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only visited here once and it was during a busy browns game , so take my comment with a grain of salt ... but my first experience was n't great with pretty slow service , wrong food , and a miscalculated bill . rather good beer selection though , and there were no problems with that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great but the days and times they are open are completely unpredictable . there is a pool schedule online , but clearly they never adhere to it . today , i took my 2-year-old and 6-year-old niece here because the online schedule said it was open from 10 am until 6 pm . imagine our surprise and disappointment when we drove for 30 minutes only to discover a sign changing the pool hours to 1 pm until 5 pm . their failure to update their schedule means that we are unable to plan accordingly and my nieces are heartbroken when they ca n't swim . a little consideration goes a long way", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fitness center ... lap pool ... no fuss , no contracts and just $ 2 a day . passes available too . its only taken me a few years to realize that this facility was there . i was so bummed that my community pool was going to be closed for a few weeks for resurfacing that i started looking for alternatives , and i found it and am overall very pleased with my discovery . there are locker rooms for both men and women and they are very clean . there is also a well equipped fitness center of good size with all the equipment that you would need both in terms of cardiovascular and strength equipment . the front desk staff is very friendly and will answer any questions you may have about the facility . outside , there are two pools : one is a multi purpose pool with both shallow and deep depths and then there is also one for laps and competitive swimming . there are limited hours for the pools so get there early so you have plenty of room otherwise you may have to share a lane with someone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to bring your kiddos for a decent price . it 's best to arrive right when they open because they do not have a lot of shade options . no food - only bottled water . very attentive life guards . an older woman ( grandmother ? ) must have asked a life guard six times `` do you have the time ? hello ? ! what time is it ? '' life guard did n't budge from her duties . same woman walks by me stating how rude and i informed her they are n't allowed to answer questions . their job is to focus on people swimming not your questions . also , some rowdy kids in the diving board - life guards were on top of that . i would recommend this place to anyone with children . i gave 4 instead five stars because , hey c'mon , this arizona ... build more shade please .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a review from my 9 year old niece who lives in the area . when my aunt and uncle said we are going to the pool we all said yeah ! ! ! when we got there we said ouch because the floors are so hot and burning . we all enjoyed the pool , diving board , waterslide , and the lazy river of course ! although the floors burned our feet , we all had fun and did not want to leave !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a nice fitness center ! beautiful entrance and clean equipment . staff is friendly and i love the free swim cap with check in . this pool is salt water so your skin wo n't feel dry or flakey after finishing your workout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a refreshing way to spend a sizzling day ! this was the perfect answer for what to do when it 's so hot out that you ca n't think straight ! it was affordable , easy , relaxing , and loads of fun . we love the fact you can bring a cooler full of drinks and snacks to keep you hydrated and energized . it 's a big relief that there are so many alert and friendly life guards throughout the facility , even with kids that can swim well . the highlights for me are the wade in pool entrance complete with beach style chairs under a shade canopy , the picnic area with plenty of seating , and of course the lazy river that is so delightfully fun and refreshing . it 's nice to have the wifi as well . the facilities are bright and clean and the staff is perpetually friendly and helpful . we will certainly be visiting this place throughout the summer , and you should too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to do the lazy river $ 6 a person seemed like a fair price thou they were only open for four hours . the lifeguards had a drill where the demanded everyone out of the water no matter where they were , we happened to be in the middle of the lazy river `` out now ! leave your raft get out ! '' they would n't allow my wife to get to a ladder the exit we had to climb out on to the blazing hot concrete and burn our feet for about 50 yards back to our flip flops ! piss poor setup even our apartment pool has a surface around thr pool thats does n't burn your feet . first and last time ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your tax dollar at work . my review is only about the `` ftness center '' because my kids do n't like going to the pool anymore because of the absurd `` safety drills '' where the teenagers running the place randomly freak out and force everyone out of the pool and make you stand on the 185 degree pool decking . the gym is great and perfect for drop-in workouts . lots of crabby old people complaining about everything but whatever : it 's $ 2 per visit . just do n't turn on a fan , you might ruin everyone 's day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "four stars would be five if they got rid of the snotty girl at the front desk with the social skills of a prison guard .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice facilities , but the lifeguards are rude and have frequent safety drills where they yell at everyone to get out of the pool . even yelling at the littlest babes in kiddie area . this happened more than once and we do n't understand why they need to do this . my toddlers were crying ... very upset and confused . we will not be going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great to hang out in the summer except the floors burned my feet and i have to wear my shoes all the time . let 's just say this place can be overly crowded with a bunch of long lines for the diving board and the waterslide . but this place is really nice in architecture , the place is clean and the staff were okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is nothing like the village or mountainside fitness but it does have most of the equipment i need to squeeze in a decent workout . 4 treadmills , 4 stationary bikes , 4 ellipticals a plus the basic machines for abs , chest back etc . a good selection of free weights too ! $ 2 to drop in for residents makes it cost friendly and convenient . it 's a little warm in there so dress appropriately .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "butch the owner is a great guy , and family friend . ok yeah its super divey , but cheap drinks and decent bartenders . straight down madison , it 's worth checking out . always good music and good times here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like filthy bathrooms , overpriced bad beer with a dose of racism and homophobia thrown in , this is the bar for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a new place for all indian food lovers . loved the veg biryani . indian style pizza was pretty good too though it missed the pizza base sauce-esp with some indo-italian masala . also very good service . hope they continue to serve authentic flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's pretty much new restaurant , on the way to farmers market we visited this place . it 's really cool and fast food kind of place , limited menu and every thing is on affordable prices . we just ordered chicken tandoori kabob pizza it 's really delicious , we like it and it 's really yummy ! ! next time we are going to try others items . since it 's a new place just came into market so not sure how long they keep clean and serve delicious food . good luck ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a neat hidden place at the ground floor of a corporate office , you would n't notice if you are passing by . we had paneer tikka pizza to go . the pizza tastes good when eaten hot , as the base is thinner than usual pizza and gets soggy if reheated later . on other occasion , i had their day 's special curry combo with naan and rice which is a good value for money . we called 2 mins after their closing time and they were kind enough to still accept the order for take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food and service ! after a flight at charlotte douglas , it 's a great place to get a healthy , filling , and quick meal ! the lamb kabob wrap is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best pizzas i have ever had . usually , i am not a big fan of pizzas and found them to be bland . i had the chicken tikka pizza 3 to 4 times and felt compelled to write the review . chicken tikka pizza and fresh orange juice left an indelible impression and woken up my taste buds . every time i am in the area , i make sure i try something here . food is fresh , fast and delicious at a price i can afford . ca n't ask for more . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pizza . was on travel here and was craving for indian style pizza . tried and enjoyed the pantera tikka and the samosa . try it and you will like it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time going today ! i ordered the vegetable biryani and samosas . definitely on the pricey side.. total : $ 16.13 i was n't a huge fan of the vegetable biryani at all ! something was just a bit off for me and gave me a stomach ache . very very strong flavors ! ! the samosas ! ! amazinggg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they were fried to perfection and the filling was incredible ! andddd they were rather large ! 2 come in an order . they do n't specify it anywhere on the menu but they are plenty for 2 either the rice dish or the samosa came with this yoghurt sauce , something i do not eat because i am vegan , but i took them home and ate them with hummus and they are just as yummy ! even alone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i dare you to come here on any summer day and try to find a seat on the patio after 5pm . while it may be one of downtown toronto 's largest , the black bull 's patio fills up mighty fast owing to its prominent spot on queen west . it 's one of the more ideal spots for storytelling , people-watching and general mayhem . when i worked in the area we would often designate one person to work an earlier shift and leave at 4 or 4:30 to secure a spot or to at least suss out the patio situation . the food and service are forgettable , but this place gets four stars for the sheer volume of drinking & carousing that can be done on a typical night . if you can squeeze your butt onto the patio you 'll be set for the night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after waiting half and hour for a beer i gave up and left . they had one bartender for the entire restaurant and patio . do n't bother .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "black bull 's only selling point is the patio . the people watching is its only selling point , i mean it 's a big ass patio on queen , how could it not be ? the drinks are n't particularly cheap , the food is not so hot and the service is whatever .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "disclaimer : i was here for a specific event , not a regular night . regardless- get over it- i 'm reviewing this anyways ! i found the place to be very fun . plenty of seating and makes me long for patio season . there 's many different kinds of seats too like booths , low tables , high tables , bar stools- not a big deal , but something i just realized . the music was good , but no genre stood out to me that i can report . the bartenders were really nice , made a mean drink and offered some fun suggestions . the `` wanderlust '' is a must . the kitchen should be open much longer ! made me sad that i wanted some eats at a reasonable bar food time but that was n't available . i might just have to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed that they closed the kitchen so early on a friday night . atmosphere was good ... but really needed food at 11pm ! not a huge variety of beers on tap . maybe i will have a better experience here on the patio in the summer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great if you 're looking for a patio right downtown . but the service is unreal . i 've been many times and have never had a friendly server . it takes ages to get a drink , and you need to start trying to order your next when you 're half way through , or else you will sit there forever with an empty glass . the food is just regular pub food . if you 're a cider drinker and like ice , ask for it on the side . i sat at the bar once and saw that they only fill the glass 3 4 of the way to leave room for ice . but you still pay for a pint . the servers must be missing out on so much money , i usually tip 20 % when i go out . but here i have never even received 10 % worthy service . we have even had tables next to us say how brutal the service was . i 'll still go back , just always hoping for a server who acts like a server .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came with my wife on a wednesday night . not big on signage . we looked around a little before being able to flag the waitresses attention . seat yourself . we had the presence of mind to snatched two menus because it was a 12 minutes before we were approached . service proceed pretty much the same afterwards , . drinks came fast . as did the food . a 1-3 minute food check was 14 minutes . after finishing it took another 15 minutes before it was acknowledged by the waitress and i had the time to write this review . food is ok. owners need to read the reviews and stop living off their location . service is required in the service industry . training is a must . 3 1 2 stars for the food . the beef dip was ok. service gets a 1 would n't bother getting dessert . who knows how long . my wifes comment ... .they do n't seem to like working here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "huge patio ! huge patio ! huge patio ! views of queen street west , cn tower.. great for people watching or enjoying the cityscape ! quick friendly service ... drafts for $ 6.47 which are reasonable for the location ... . patio on a mid summer night can be priceless ? ! me and my yelp drinking buddy sipping our beers and playing with our phones ipods..and bbming , yelping , facebooking.. yes i know i can do that at home ... but it is more fun here ! ! free wifi ! i am not into pub food , so i would just come here for a pre or post dinner drinks as there are a lot of better places for food in the area !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here with two friends on a saturday night . we were at a really loud bar before and wanted a place we could hear each other talk . we walked down queen and just stumbled upon the black bull . once we walk in , i thought this was the perfect place . it had good vibes . the nachos were okay , not spectacular . the service was awful . if you struggle to track down your server then that 's an issue . at the end of our night , the table next to us was making a commotion and rushing out . one of the girls claimed to have seen a mouse twice . she said her server acknowledged it and even had a name for it.. i did n't see it but either way , we felt really uncomfortable being there so we paid our bills , and left . there are plenty of other bars in walking distance of that area so i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely one of the greatest patios in the city , however not the most accommodating restaurant to bigger groups ! my group ( 15 or so ) came by here after work to grab some food and drinks , and saw how busy it was on the patio . we saw an opportunity for us to squeeze into a few tables but the restaurant was not willing to seat us there until every single table we would need was empty . thus prompting us to wait over 30 minutes ! food and service are both okay . i would come back with friends and family , but never with a large group .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "look , if you 're hungry , do n't eat here . but if you 're thirsty , and going on a first date , it 's a nice big patio and it 's in the right location . easy to find , easy to leave ( if your date is horrible ) , the bull 's a pretty good option .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ate here on a friday summer evening . we sat inside because it was too hot outside , but there were plenty of people out there and looked like they were having fun . at first i was a bit worried , because the inside looks pretty dive-bar-ish . i ordered a burger and fries , which i really enjoyed . the onion rings were good too . lots of good beer on tap and friendly service on top of it all . cool place on a very interesting street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "number one & probably only reason i love black bull- summer time patio sessions ! they have a great patio and location to hang out in the summer for happy hours and weekend afternoon drinks . i would n't recommend eating at black bull- most people i have seen eating always seem very disappointed and never finish more than half of their meals . rumour has it there is wifi there too- another bonus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went on a date here once and it was perfect place for a casual drink and bite . we came on a warm summer night so it was prime patio time so all in all it was a nice experience . it has solid beers on tap and typical pub grub .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good : cajun fries , draft beer & atmosphere bad : the rest of the food . still worth a visit for a simple drop by .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice to find a pub that 's not pretentious ! the pub food is awesome ... liquor prices are a bit high ... but the tunes and atmosphere are laid back ... great place to just let it all go and chill out for a bit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will say their food portion sizes are quite decent . both the poutine and the onion rings ( ordered on separate occasions ) easily fill two stomachs as an after work snack . gravy on the poutine was decent ( albeit nothing to write home about ) but you could tell the fries were from frozen - typical skinny boring fries : ( onion rings were very nicely crispy and again , a hefty portion . the ranch dip definitely would n't be missed it if were replaced - also generic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one word ... patio ! this is the largest patio in the city and it 's right in the heart of it on queen street west . you could n't ask for a better place to watch people . there 's a good selection of beer and some ok house wine , but this is a place to experience mostly during the non- winter months . inside its quite run down and the washrooms definitely leave something to be desired . but the kitchen produces some decent food . and when you consider the size of the kitchen - that saying something . if you care to shoot a game of pool with your beer - that can be done too . but the reality of it is ... this is patio heaven . when the snow finally disappears and you want some sun and suds - make sure you head to the bull . you might even spot some celebs if there 's a good concert in town or if tiff is on ( bono and the edge have been known to tilt a pint here ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came across this place while strolling down queen street and looking for a place to grab a drink . it immediately caught my eye because there 's a big outside patio along the sidewalk with a large amount of tables and seats . i popped in here with a few friends and hung for about an hour . aside from the outside seating , the food and drink selection are n't anything special at all . they were actually lacking pretty heavily in the variations of drinks they had . the food was very basic as well and forgettable . i 'd say the main draw here is the outside seating on a very busy street . black bull is great for people watching and getting a group together to hang out and drink outside . however , if you 're looking for good bar food and drink selection , i would definitely go elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "location : downtown . street parking available [ metered ] - good luck with that ! the place : i did n't go inside because it was a beautiful day . they 've got a huge terrace that 's probably their best feature . according to my date , getting a table on the terrace is like winning the lottery . woohoo ! the goods : like your average bar , they 've got beer and drinks , as well as food . my friend ordered beer and had no complaints . i needed a snack so decided that ordering a poutine in toronto , was a good idea . uh-huh . it was barely hot and could have used more cheese . this coming from someone who needs to avoid lactose and eats pouting maybe 1-2 times a year . service : good - our waitress was really friendly . price point : average , bordering on spendy - at least for the poutine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a hair cut one month ago by amanda . it was the worst trim of my life . what we all fear the most-getting our hair chopped . i thought i was clear on what i wanted and communicated clearly . i am hysterical & now i am so upset . can not get my hair back but i can post this . if i read this i would have thought more than twice . it really is horrible and now i am stuck . do not use her services for hair trim or cut ! ! i went to her after she did my updo for my daughters wedding . that was a simple job . i have never posted anything before but this is why yelp is here ! ! ! inches gone , volume gone-i do not know how long until my hair is anywhere normal . beware and be warned ! ! i diane k. 7 8 15 charlotte nc", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lauren is phenomenal ! she listens to what you are asking for - while also making great suggestions based on her industry knowledge and expertise . i have been coming here for over a year now and could not be happier with both my hairstyle and their service . serenity hair spa is a hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great salon lauren is amazing love the way my hair looks.she takes her time and makes you feel at home.everywhere i go i get compliments she is the best in charrlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda was amazing with both thinning and coloring . highly recommend . took a chance after moving here from ny and did an amazing job . will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for sure this is going to be my regular place . nice , clean , courteous . i definitely recommend andy ! his attention to detail is awesome ! i had brought my own color and he advised me that it was n't ideal consistency but it he used it because i wanted it . definitely next time i will choose one of his colors . 10 10 will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this place on and off for years . thomas is a decent nail tech and knows how i like my nails done . i 've had quite a few pedicures here as well . tyson and shirley are the best in that area . today i had a mani pedi scheduled for my daughter and i . it was obvious they were overbooked . i had my pedi done by a gentleman whom i know is somehow related to the owners . worst pedicure ever , he was clearly inexperienced , he stopped mid way through mine to start someone else . i 'm still waiting for the massage and polish portion an hour and twenty minutes into my appointment . i have a feeling this gentleman is not licensed . i will do some research and update .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been going to thomas for a couple of months , and he 's the best tech there ! ! i love that they do a great job for a reasonable price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! they do such a great job and are super friendly ! ! each time i go i 'm greeted by name and this place is amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love getting my nails done here ! ! it 's been years and still love it they always do what i ask and the staff is super friendly ! the owners are the best and my nails look perfect every time . the wait is not too long also", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went a few times . the instructor had her own friends people she knew that she focused on and ignored the new folks in class . not even a hello or welcome . : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been a member for three months and love the location , the instructors and their offerings . i feel better , am more flexible and my stress level has dropped . the entire staff is outstanding . this is an authentic yoga studio with some very unique as well as classical offerings . i am sending everyone i know to harumi yoga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "harumi yoga studio is welcoming and offers a variety of instructors and styles . harumi takes great care to insure that your experience will be one of learning in a stress free environment . the studio is beautiful and has a very good supply of props . harumi offers interesting workshops and involves the studio in community activities . harumi is a beautiful person and i highly recommend her studio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to harumi 's studio for almost three years and have found it to be the perfect place for me to both challenge myself and get refreshed and restored . last sunday harumi conducted yet another of her amazing workshops . this one was called , `` summer camp for adults '' where her excellent team of instructors each taught a short class in their area of expertise . from harumi 's gentle flow yoga class with yu jin playing his beautiful flute , yu jin , rasoul , and brian speaking on topics of aging , meridians and personal empowerment , to yoga nidra with kim 's crystal bowls , this event definitely offered `` possibilities for growth , inspiration and simple , profound joy and wellness , '' just as her web site states . harumi has created a peaceful place which supports the whole body , mind and spirit and has something for everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we so enjoyed our class today , while visiting az . harumi was welcoming , with a calming kind spirit . she really made me think about our moves , our bodies , our intentions . the studio is peaceful , clean . i will stop in again on another visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after trying a number of yoga studios around the valley , my wife and i were fortunate to find harumi yoga . we take the saturday zen class , which combines yin poses and meditation . we always leave feeling refreshed . what a great find for our yoga fix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful respite to practice with others who are like-minded . the breadth of class offerings is amazing , accommodating both the self and community . the instruction is the best i 've encountered . very respectful , mind-body nourishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been spoiled in huntington beach with an amazing yoga studio that truly focused on the art of mind , body and soul ; i was hesitant that i could find one that compared in scottsdale . this studio is amazing with classes such as yoga nidra and kundalini to name a few . the instructors are caring , skilled and have a beautiful energy about them . this is truly one of the best studios i 've been to , including ones i practiced at in indonesia . beautiful studio , incredible energy ! you wo n't be disappointed here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best in scottsdale . check out harumiyoga.com excellent classes and environment ... . try a class and you will want to return ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new remodel . they are doing a great job but it 's just too big for me . i must just be getting lazy but it 's almost like going to walmart . nice staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a cake on wednesday afternoon and was supposed to pick this cake up on thursday . when i got to the store , the guy behind the counter showed me the order in his hands and said we just did n't make it ... okay . the guy behind the counter told me to go to customer care and see if i could speak with a manager . the blonde manager at customer care was literally no help at all . she was rude , uncaring , and seemed to want to do the very opposite of what she should be doing-which is to help me ! she asked me irrelevant questions like , `` what size cake did you order ? well , what are you going to have them write on it ? ? well ... i mean , what do you think is a fair compensation ? ? ? '' seriously ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zero stars ! ! ! ! i ca n't express how horrible their service is . there is a cashier who has been working at frys forever and her service is in the toilet i ca n't believe she still has a job there . dont shop here ! i was made embarrassed about my form of payment today and this was the straw off the camel 's back . i have never been treated so badly in my life . will never shop here again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a faithful patron of fry 's since 1995 when i moved to this area . the past few months we have noticed a decline in the store . on a trip this week for our weekly shopping trip , we noticed multiple items out of stock , on a week day during the day . kroger kielbasa , private selection deli meat , kroger frozen vegetables , tyson chicken nuggets . this has been the norm lately , causing us to have to make another trip to safeway . i believe we 've learned our lesson now and will do one stop shopping at safeway from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location and live the remodel . only complaint is that it 's really spread out . it never fails , i get a few items on one side of store , go to dar other side where dairy is only to forget something back over in natural section . lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "any grocery store i can walk into wearing a green fairy costume ( wings , glitter and all ) and buy nothing but a bottle of rum and 2 cans of redi whip and get treated with nothing but respect is awesome in my eyes . they usually have good deals , and the staff is friendly when approached . the store is large , but usually well stocked and clean . i love that they have the self service checkout , i prefer to bag my own groceries , and this is often faster than standing in line for a checker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's something about this place that always makes me feel like i do n't want to be there . it 's a little dark , a little not-so-clean-looking , and nothing really stands out as being great . seems to be continually crowded though , so someone must like it i guess . but the crowd is just another reason i tend to avoid it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not my regular frys location but happened to be in the area.. not impressed with the deli dept . the employees can not give proper customer service when they are so busy fighting and bickering with each other . very uncomfortable for the 6 or so people waiting for their number to be called . kind of embarrassing & so unprofessional . pretty sure the only smiles i received was from the produce guy who was working his tail off and the sweet bagger who asked about my day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have meat , beer and garbage bags all for sale at the same place ! ! ! ! the only reason its not getting 5 stars is because they sell vegetables here too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never had such a poor customer experience in any grocery store to date . the store staff could n't care less about assisting customers . the assistant manager would n't allow me to voice concerns and just kept saying how sorry he was . i think i will drive out of my way to another grocery store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has been my frys store for 10 years now and my only issue is one worker in the deli -- name starts with m ( she is lazy and awful ) and fry 's online customer service contact line , which could care less about any feedback . the store is always clean and other employees great . they could sell better quality meats though . prices are always good and the pharmacy staff is exceptional ( even with the long lines at times )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amie is amazingggggg ! ! ! she 's amazing at guest care and low key floral . i came in pretty late and obviously floral was gone for the day so i just wandered into guest care in hopes of just a simple wrap for my flowers . amie said `` i may be able to help you '' and met me at the floral area . she wrapped my flowers soooo beautifully all while juggling the project she had with me while working a very busy guest service desk . my hubby and i will not go anywhere else but this frys for amazing service . amie goes above and beyond for her customers and should be an extremely valued customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loyal to frys since i can remember , best prices and never have had a problem with any food ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pharmacy review- dr patel , tracy , braden and all staff are amazing ! i have had a rough few years with a number of major health issues and this staff has been outstanding ! i am pushing 50 and can honestly say without a doubt that i have never had this kind of care from any other pharmacy ! i recommend dr patel and this staff to people as much as i can . they definitely raise the quality of my shopping experience at frys and keep me dedicated to this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely clean and well organized , great open layout makes it comfortable , and the waits are very short . great experience overall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have finally had it with this fry 's . the little blondie that works the meat counter would rather sit and complain about her job with co-workers instead of helping people . if it was something that happened once in a while , that is one thing , but it is almost every other time . if i saw her behind the counter i just kept walking . today was the last straw . simply rude behavior . i refuse to be treated poorly by a store that allows their employees to behave this way . apparently there is new manager there that is equally dismissive of customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after having a terrible experience with a different location , this fry 's was wonderful to me . the staff was incredibly sweet and the selection was great . i was helped through every step of the way . i received a fry 's card and was helped through the whole process with a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate coming to this frys . rude , rude , rude . i almost always have to price check while at the cashier because they have sale items that ring up regular price . today it happened again . i was on my way the door and noticed the overcharge so i walk over to the service area . the manager referred me to the other side of the service area . no one was in line , just a formality for me to follow . no apology for the overcharge . just a snotty attitude . i ca n't figure out why it 's crowded here with the lousy service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this fry 's location . the store has everything i need , yet it 's not overwhelmingly large . they always seemed stocked when i 'm there . it 's clean and everything is well marked . most importantly , though , everyone who works here is very nice and efficient . i enjoy shopping here every week !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after 20 years of wonderful service , we experienced utter disappointment . the self-checkout dispensed to us a counterfeit $ 20 bill , which was deemed by managers karen and belinda , `` nothing we can do anything about . '' so they can give us fake money , feign innocence , and we have absolutely no recourse . we are out $ 20 . luckily , safeway is just as close by and folks are very friendly . too bad it is more expensive !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my recent , but admittedly brief , experience was terrific ! the service was fast and friendly , the price was good , and the food was really , really good . a friend and i stopped for a brief appetizer and margarita before heading to the lyle lovett concert . margaritas for $ 3.00 until 7 pm ... yum ! i loved the chips and salsa . the chips are a mixed style and the salsa had an unusual , homemade flavor . we shared an order of chicken nachos and omg ... were they good . whatever creamy sauce was added was a wonderful addition . the atmosphere was nice and open ; the more modern southwest style was a refreshing change . and like i said above , the service was friendly and quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was fine , but not outstanding . there 's outdoor seating , but it 's along the mall 's 2nd-story walkway . one standout : the individual tamale-style chocolates are a definite upgrade from most restaurants ' `` here 's your check '' treat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is consistent and pretty good . it will not satisfy any craving you have for mexican food , but it may keep those cravings at bay for a while . i 'm really only reviewing sam 's to give them kudos for being `` dog friendly . '' at the biltmore location at least they will allow you to have dogs outside on the patio . even though i do n't have dogs , some of my friends do and i have been to sam 's cafe with them several times because it seemed like the only place we could eat without leaving the dogs in the car .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seafood fajitas ... very good ... . they also have one of my favortie pinot noir 's la crema ! they used to have this great little southwesten ... chocolate thing they gave you after the meall ... so missed that ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their fresh and warm chips and salsa were good . ordered a margarita and immediately understood why they limit you to only 2 . woo hoo ! i was feeling good . i had one of their specials which consisted of salmon and mango salsa and it was delicious . my boyfriend had the chicken fajitas and said those were good too . the white chocolate tamales as an after dinner snack ( small dessert ) was nice , but we still ordered cheesecake for dessert . i love cheesecake and have yet to try a bad piece . i 'm not a big fan of tex-mex , but i 'd come here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great ambience and absolutely adorable bar tender . and the second bar tender was really nice , too . we did n't want to wait 45 minutes ( though our bar neighbors were seated within 10 minutes of the 45 min wait ) , so we elected to eat at the bar . got the top shelf margs and a chef 's sampler . never got around to ordering a main course : we were stuffed . after 2 margaritas each , we headed back to the hotel ... ... ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , so i had a friend in from co and she wanted southwestern cuisine so i suggested sam 's even though i had n't been there in 10 years . first they serve you with their version of chips and salsa and i do n't think i will ever settle for regular chips and salsa ever again after this . there were 4 different chips..2 had various spices , one had the taste of powdered sugar and the last were sweet potato . each combined with the salsa was a bite of culinary delight . i ordered the ahi tuna sandwich and was satisfied with my selection . however my friend ordered the black and blue quesadilla and it was beyond fantastic ! defintiely recommend even if just for cocktails and their chips . oh i almost forgot.. you get a stick of white chocolate wrapped in a husk with your check ! so either way you will be having dessert . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "interior : 8 10 , food : 8 10 , service : 8 10 . i used to take out-of-towners here all the time . now that i moved away , i had to visit sam 's . i love the bread sticks and the smear that comes with it . the food was n't as great as i remembered , but it 's still pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people seem to really like sam 's , though i am not quite sure why . i think it is average . not great , not bad , just middle of the road food with a southwestern twist . kind of like the cheesecake factory . the food tastes good , but anything meal tastes good if it is loaded with fat .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think i had chicken enchiladas ( my boyfriend ate most of it ) . my boyfriend wanted to go to phoenix scottsdale for southwestern food while my friend was in town for agency visits . she got the waiter to take a photograph of us and when she spilled her margarita , they replaced it . we chose this because we wanted a casual restaurant with salmon or shrimp . we did n't know any better if this stuff is just fake tex-mex .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a pleasant surprise ! i went here for a friends birthday dinner and were greeted with a friendly smile and `` hello . '' chips and salsa lined the table and were a mix or corn and blue corn , and i think some of them had been rolled in cinnamon and pepper . i had to force myself to stop eating them . a friend and i ordered chicken fajitas and we wanted to split the entree and the server brought us out two plates with the guac. , sour cream , etc on both plates . that was nice . the beans and rice were delicious , the server had a pleasant attitude ( and i could tell she had a lot going on ) and she kept my water full . she brought out a dessert tray and told us about each item . then after she brought the check she came back with little white chocolate tamales for everyone ! ( white chocolate in a corn husk . ) holy cow ! how awesome is that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would love to give this place more than 3 stars but i had problems with the service . it took forever just to take our drink order . after he took our meal order he came back 15 minutes later because he had lost our ticket and could n't remember what we had ordered . then when we finally got our food , it was wrong . so had to send it back . on the good side of things , the salsa and chips were really good . the chips were a mixture of many different kinds which made it interesting . i had the seared ahi tuna salad . it was really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the enchiladas , which is my favorite thing to order when it comes to mexican food . i ate everything on my plate but i would n't say they were the best i 've had . this was my first visit here and was n't impressed by the atmosphere . being at the biltmore my expectations were higher . it was a bit dull and very dusty , as far as the walls go . i 'd say overall this place was just ok . i 'm in no hurry to go back . maybe the original location , downtown , would be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not good . and it 's not been for a couple of years . there are advantages : good location , rarely busy , good for larger groups . but last few times we 've been there have experienced average food and lousy service . when joining my already seated group on saturday ( 3 28 ) the high-school hostess wagged her finger in my face like an east german border guard , the waffle house waitress poked me in the shoulder to get my attention and the wife 's chicken dish had to be sent back as there were only 2 measly pieces of chicken in it . only 2 beers on tap . garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like how they do things at sam 's . it 's upstairs in the biltmore mall but they manage to be the most laid back of all the bar restaurants in the area . they convincingly do mexican food in a southwestern style with all sorts of interesting twists and spins on dishes that i have n't seen before . the chicken enchiladas are dee-lish and the margaritas are some of the best i 've had . service is touch and go when they 're busy but for the most part i 've always been content with their staff . it 's a pretty good date spot and the prices are reasonable , especially considering the caliber of the food they serve .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to come here as a kid and had to visit again to see if it was still as good . seems like they 've replaced the famous breadsticks with chips salsa- but i 'm not complaining- the chips were really yummy- sort of a sweet taste to them . wine selection was decent , waiter was a sweet heart too- he let us know pets are welcome to join you on the patio too- something about `` paws on the patio '' , so if you 're an animal lover it 's a great place to bring the puppy . reminded me of the smaller sidewalk places off the pier in south bay where everyone always brought their dogs . as for food- we had the fajitas- very good- the steak was n't overcooked like a lot of places tend to do , word of advice though- not good as left overs so make sure you bring your appetite and finish them there ! : ) looking forward to going again- this time for margaritas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "supposedly this place was going to close down beacuse of the new condos going in . thankfully they got an extension on their lease . the condos are n't going in just yet . the food here is consistently good . the service was average . i really like the sonoran meatloaf . it 's a great location and you 'll have a good meal here . the menu is pseudo tex-mex . it 's a good place to go on a date , an office lunch , take family , or out of towners over the age of 40 . not a drinking place ... at all . i would not recommend the place for large groups or meeting friends . it does n't have that kind of vibe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok ... so sam 's cafe is probably one of my favorite lunch places to go in phoenix , i would go alone just for the fresh made chips and salsa they bring to your table , the menu items here are quite unique and to say the least are good for the most part . every time i have been to this place they have never been that busy , but i will say there service is lacking , it seems that when ever i go there i get the dyslexic high school waiter who ca n't remember to bring me my refills i ask for or i get the recovering meth addict that hates life . i usually end up getting the mushroom and spinach casadia which never disappoints , i like this places ambiance , the only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the service always seems to blow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came out to phoenix for an interview and they brought us here for lunch ... ... .. omg drool the chips were amazing , especially the ones that were seasoned with pepper and other deliciousness . i had the salmon and a bite of the steak . sososososo good . ahhh i want their chips now . also . the chocolate tamales were a sweet fare-thee-well . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really nice tex-mex . inside looked very nice , and i 'm sure the natives flock to the ac , but as tourists , of course , we sat outside . remarkable homemade chips , some corn , some sweet potato , some something else , all very good . salsa was a bit on the tomatoe side for my taste , but good nonetheless . the approach is a bit off-putting since it 's upstairs fo a mall , but once inside it 's just classy tex-mex and a step above avegare at that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a good spot for lunch and a drink . i had the salmon tartare with a side of fries . the fries also came with a choice of sauce , i opted for chipotle mayo . they also had a variety of drinks , including beer cocktails . i chose a cocktail with a blonde beer and black currant liqueur . our server was great and the food was pretty good . a solid spot to stop on rue st. denis !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like their selection of local beer from different regions of quebec . if you 're into sports , they do have tv 's to watch the game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in on our first night in montreal , as it was right near our apartment . the server was lovely and accommodating of our large party of 8 . we were famished and our selections ran the gamut from burgers to salmon tartare . beer selection was good and they made a really good old fashioned . all in all , seems like a nice neighborhood place that i 'd frequent if i lived here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . cute vibe i like . a lots of beer . good options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here because the mussels were supposed to be good and it got decent reviews but we were mostly disappointed with the food . we got the classic mussel , some fries with chipotle mayo dip and a french onion to split . all around , everything was a bit bland . mussels could have been more flavorful , french onion soup was serviceable at best , and the fries were a bit flavorless . beer and service were good . there was hockey on the tv though no one seemed to care or watch as it was not that kind of crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great mussels , beer , and bison burgers . would definitely go back . yes , service could be better . but very good food and drinks at a very reasonable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "moi et ma blonde avons pass\u00e9 un merveilleux souper ! m\u00eame si nous sommes all\u00e9 souper un lundi , l'ambiance \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s cool et le serveur \u00e0 donn\u00e9 un excellent service ! nous avons profit\u00e9 du rabais pour les universitaire 1l de bi\u00e8re pour 6,95 $ ! nous avons mang\u00e9 des moules et elles etaient tr\u00e8s bonnes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the specials prices all week , i also like the stylish and warm decoration , gentle service , many tables , tv screen if you wish follow the hockey game..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disinterested service , at best , despite a small lunch crowd . felt like we were passed off between various servers who did n't really want to make the effort . salad was good , and the sausages of the day were quite good . mussels smelled great but we did n't have room to try everything . we were 0 2 on our beer choices , not their fault , but it would be nice if they did half-pints so you could sample more taps .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "un des rares survivants de la rue st-denis , la brasserie saint-denis ( anciennement bi\u00e8res et cnie ) est r\u00e9put\u00e9e pour ses bi\u00e8res et ses moules \u00e0 volont\u00e9 . du dimanche au mercredi , pour 18 $ , moules \u00e0 volont\u00e9 , et vous pouvez changer de sauce d'une fois \u00e0 l'autre . les frites sont \u00e0 3 $ \u00e0 volont\u00e9 . les bi\u00e8res sont excellentes , il y a de tr\u00e8s bons cocktails de bi\u00e8re ( 9 $ la pinte ) . sinon , il y a des plats typiques de brasserie.. nous y sommes all\u00e9s pour oystermania et les hu\u00eetres \u00e9taient tr\u00e8s bonnes . tr\u00e8s bon service ! superbe d\u00e9co , digne d'un \u00e9tablissement europ\u00e9en ancien . a essayer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la bouffe n'y est pas extraordinaire mais reste tout de m\u00eame un bon rapport qualit\u00e9 prix ! la grande vari\u00e9t\u00e9 de bi\u00e8res et le prix des cocktails en font un lieu agr\u00e9able pour assister \u00e0 un march\u00e9 des canadiens ou bien pour un repas entre amis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in for a beverage given the name . we learned that we had to purchase some food in order to drink . they seem to have quite an extensive selection of quebec beers , which was nice . the restaurant was out of the first one i ordered , but the server brought a second option back with her , which was appreciated . we ordered the bruschetta and were not very impressed . the bruschetta was served in a bowl with a few pieces of crispy bread , but there was n't enough bread for the amount of bruschetta , and the bruschetta was not very flavorful . will likely give it another try when we move to montreal this summer since it is very close to our new place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my go to spot when i want to play games with me and my friends very good atmosphere lots of fun and a variety of games to play love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to just start off by saying wow ! ! ! living in the neighborhood i always passed by while they where doing construction thinking to myself when is this going to be open . with some time and patience my dream has came true i stopped by last night for a peek and instantly fell in love and was n't even half way through i also was greeted by a young gentleman named joe and he gave me a tour around explaining everything individually to me for the ps4 to the xbox-1 and best part was there pc room i did n't wan na leave once i stepped into the room i highly recommend it to all the gamers and even non-gamers you will not be let down ! also a plus is very safe environment they make you feel like home keep up the work guys you got a costumer for life : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the spot . you will never find anything like it in vegas . staff is super helpful and very knowledgeable . selection of games , consoles and the size of this place was far beyond my expectations . you or your kids will not be disappointed . i love the fact that you do n't lose your playing time if you end up having to leave , next time around you can just use the remaining playing time when you return . thanks for opening up so close to our home . # powerupgamingfan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is very friendly , area is kept very clean , everything runs smoothly , what more can you ask for ? it 's a very nice game zone . they have happy hour nightly i believe from 10 pm - 1 am week days 2 am weekends for 10 dollars a person . overall , if you enjoy gaming with friends , i highly recommend this place . i 'll be coming back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good , nothing special , but i like the place . they 're just so eager to please , so sweet , so hard working . they want to be good . i think in this spirit they 're going to improve and get a loyal base . they 'll gain fans with service first and later with the food . so : the food needs more flavour and spice . it 's pretty bland . and the naan is sub-par . on the bright side , it was n't at all greasy . a lot of south asian fast food can be truly oily and mk is not at all . take out is emphasized here : they 're almost no space to eat in ( though i did ) . i suspect they 're a healthier restaurant than most . they seem quite clean and wholesome , and i wish them well as they grow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "possibly the best indian food i 've had . they also have little bonuses like masala fries , which are a must eat . i have n't tasted a butter chicken as good as masala kitchen 's . the curries are flavourful . i get dahl with every order . their naan is great and they embed garlic into the garlic naan . the employees are friendly and efficient . do n't be in a rush when you get here and expect to wait for your food to be prepared , depending on what you order . they do n't have everything precooked and waiting under a heat lamp . the best part about this place is that the food is priced right . i can order enough food for two people for $ 11 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to get fast , cheap indian food ! we visited this place twice already and both times we were not disappointed . they have daily specials that run you only $ 5 . our favourite thing to get so far is the chicken biriyani . at $ 5 you get huge chunks of chicken with a side of flavour explosion . you will not be disappointed . this is definitely a place we will be going back to for our indian food craves .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just popped in here on my way home from work and took the daily meal deal of masala fish , potatoes and roti . was freshly prepared in 5 mins while i ate a lovely beef samosa ! meal was excellent and fresh and the place was clean ! i will be back - a lot ! good home cooked food - great value . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is okay , nothing special , but the service is terrible . i 've been disappointed in their customer service here on numerous occasions , including having to wait over 45 minutes for a simple pick up order and another time where i was told my food could n't be made when i went to pick it up . i understand there are sometimes technical issues with kitchen appliances but at least call me ahead of time and let me know that you 're having issues vs waiting until i get there to tell me . you have my number for the order !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great new lunch spot since la familia was closed for lunch . split between two people , the large butter chicken , chana daal , 1 rice and 2 garlic naans was more than enough for 2 people . will be ordering again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm going to give this place 5 stars . while the food is not the absolute best indian food that i 've had , the price was excellent . i had the special of the day , which was a chicken leg and thigh on a spicy , flavourful bed of rice . with tax , the meal came to about $ 4.50 . that 's a pretty damn good price for a homecooked meal . i 'm definitely going back . it gets 5 stars , because that same meal would have cost 10 $ at most other indian food restaurants . the place was clean and ambiance and the atmosphere were really calm and relaxing . i liked the music they were playing in the background . a place is either 5 stars - 4 if it 's good , but a little pricy , or 1 star if it 's crap . there really is no middle ground when it comes to food or any product that you pay money for . it 's either good or it 's not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now it 's been 2 months and i 've been craving for a properly spiced indian food ... not like the usual ones in north america . today i stumbled upon masala kitchen , ordered chicken biriyani and lamb curry . they were just as spicy as the north indian food should be . the delivery was fast and the employees were friendly . overall it was a 5 star worthy experience . there 's not enough siting arrangements there as the place mostly targets the customers who wish to take away their food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food quality is good . quantitiy is too small highly over priced . it is in scarborough but it is priced like a downtown toronto takeout place . options are not that great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yet another place on yelp that has fake paid reviews . i ordered the tandoori chicken with fries . the chicken is n't even tandoori chicken , its just some oven chicken . the fries tasted like they were from yesterday . if you like indian food or east african food there are plenty of better restaurants all over toronto . do n't waste your time or money with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hi my name is ricardo vasquez and i created the yelp page for `` westside total fitness `` .i am a members who is interested in putting a review.i am not paid and enjoy using yelp for honest reviews..i encourage other members to be honest about it.i gave it 5 stars because they deserved it.i believe this business should be allowed for recognition to any new potential members coming in.staff always friendly and welcoming you in.this gym is really nice , clean , sanitize and everything is wipe down.the air conditioning nice plus they have fans on the ceilings.the lighting is great and peaceful.just visit and one of the staff with be glad to give you a tour.nothing but weight to loose and a healthy lifestyle to gain.those of you looking to replace an existing gym , just might replace your gym and choose ( wtf ) like i did.thanks `` westside total fitness '' for opening this gym as my motor vehicle spine injury required me to do gym daily for the rest of my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even know where to start . they always have a smile , and take time to get to know you . zach is more than helpful with the machines , he never seems put out by little requests . and anne is always a pleasure to talk to . my kids love going to the child care area . one thing i was worried about was that because it is a smaller gym the machines would be older , totally not the case . i have never seen any of them broken . the gym is very clean and well maintained . if you are considering joining a gym in the west valley to me there is no other option ! friendly staff , nice machines , child care , and clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ann taylor loft outlet is a bit overwhelming with all the displays & massive amounts of clothing . depending on the season , i can either find a whole lot or find a whole lot of nothing . even though it 's considered an `` outlet '' store , the prices still seem to be a bit high . they do have quite a bit of sales though , which can make a difference at the register . while there 's a lot of clothing , it does seem to be quite organized & clean . there 's plenty of employee presence around , straightening up & asking if you need assistance . as soon as i walked in , i was greeted by an employee who told me what all was on sale & offered to give me a shopping tote . there 's plenty of fitting rooms to use .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree that they have way too much product out at one time . tables are piled high and racks are placed so closely together it can be hard to maneuver through the store . if you have a stroller or wheelchair , forget it . plenty of fitting rooms . plenty of friendly staff members . watch for holes and rips in clearance clothing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful customer service . tip : if you ca n't help the customer with what they want need be apologetic and show some empathy . at least fake it . it 'll probably make them less upset .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great pub in leith . fantastic scotch selection , great food , friendly staff . what 's not to like : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "superb performance for sunday brunch ! two massive fluffy pancakes , bacon cremated just the way i like it and a smothering of maple syrup . if it 's socially unacceptable to lick a plate clean , then push me to the front of a post office queue and call me roy chubby brown . the place itself is relaxed and has a strange old churchy smell about it . tons of space and a huge bar that looks well stocked for a good night out . coffee 's good and service is reassuringly laid back . prices are reasonable so all in all a pretty sound place to unwind after a hectic weekend . would have gone all the way with 5 stars but it was a tad on the cold side heating-wise . going to have to return for an evening meal and a couple of pints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "noble 's bar is an absolute find . i went there last night to a live music night which was fantastic . they have live music most days of the week , in fact . the atmosphere was great . i liked the fact people can be dressed up or casual in there . the food menu looked really good but as we arrived about 9pm it was a bit too late to order anything . lovely bar and good selection of drinks . i really liked the stained glass windows , i think it has to be one of the nicest bar frontages i 've seen down in leith . i defintiely will be making more of an effort to go there . they have an upcoming hogmanay night which looks great for \u00a315 entry , so would recommend that for anyone without plans for that time of year , as i 'm sure it will be a great night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a visit to nobles is worth it for the stunning interior alone . gorgeous old victorian building , tiled floor , stained glass , leather couches , brass , ceramic , beautiful . they do a great job here of walking the line between cosy old pub and brunch destination du jour . they do a good list of brunch favourites with some more hearty and original dishes like shredded duck sandwiches and rabbit burgers . a couple of cask ales complement the decent on-tap beer selection . it 's an excellent choice for a quiet drink or a stylish lunch . my standard brunch of eggs benedict and bloody mary was excellent . not quite able to knock treacle off the top spot but very good nonetheless . i 'll be back to try some of their other choices and will certainly include it on my list of staging posts during weekend afternoon rambles around leith .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nobles is a very classy pub , that much is obvious simply from its jet black exterior and the list of upmarket bar food posted beside the door . inside , it lives up to this promise , as it is tastefully decorated with old-fashioned stained glass in the window , round tables and comfy sofas , a bar gleaming with expensive alcohols and careful details such as a frieze of ships around the ceiling . when i went , there was an open mic night in full swing , and there was a lively crowd of people of all different ages and clearly all having a good time . i 'll definitely be coming here again , perhaps to check out their weekly folk night , or maybe just for a quiet pint in a mildly opulent setting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful experience in all aspects . a very charming , gastropub style , with terrific atmosphere . we had several appetizers , and all had different mains . we loved them all . service was very friendly , and terrific . i would highly recommend , and certainly return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad to be introduced to nobles at a recent yelp brunch . gorgeous interior , inviting atmosphere . will definitely keep it in mind next time i 'm in leith . it seemed like a great place to stop in for a drink , and brunch was definitely a hit , as well . i had the full vegetarian breakfast , which was huge and very well done . i appreciated the big pile of spinach - a creative addition to the standard inclusions of veggie sausage , veggie haggis , mushrooms , tomatoes , potato scone , and eggs . ( did i leave anything out ? i feel like i did . it was a lot of food . ) coffee was good , and the waitstaff kept the big carafes of ice water on our table full . i will never get tired of free ice water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the lamb rump and two black porters . delicious . staff was very polite and on top of things as well . good way to spend my first evening in edinburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome glass window and bar - centerpiece ! today i enjoyed another brunch with my fellow yelper 's . nobles bar is located in leith , constitution street and easy accessible by public transport . i really like the pub . it 's cozy . there are couches , areas for groups , areas for dates ! in the middle you can see a bar that seems to offer lots of drinks , even symonds cider from a pump . as soon as you enter the place you will notice the massive colourful glass window . just , wow ! i ordered pancakes breakfast and did not particularly fancy the rough texture of the pancakes , such i did not eat much . my loss of appetite was noticed by the very attentive staff and it was decided that the food was taken off the bill . what a nice gesture . it is such a lovely pub and i will definitely be back . you need to experience it yourself . i was back and my salmon eggs benedict and they were awesome . upgraded to 5 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brilliant brunch menu ! went for a breakfast hangover cure and nobles definitely hit the mark ! i opted for the scottish breakfast , swayed by the stornoway blackpudding and findlays haggis this is a quality breakfast - cooked beautifully ! my friends ate the steak sandwich ( which looked lovely ) and eggs benedict & florentine - poached eggs were amazing ( something i am very fussy over ! ) we also went for a cheeky little bloody mary - when asked if they served this they said 'oh yes ! we do a very nice bloody mary ! ' - they were not wrong ! all in all a great brunch ! - friendly , obliging staff , pleasant interior with contemporary and traditional features , nobles is a brilliant wee bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a loyal fan of nobles for a few years now . the bar is beautiful , with stained glass windows and original victorian features and there 's always a great atmosphere . there 's a wide selection of drinks , including many scottish beers , ales & whiskies , and the food here is delicious . i headed along for new year 's brunch during hogmanay and ordered their enormous full scottish breakfast - it 's a beast ! the perfect fuel before a trek along the water of leith . there 's a pub quiz every monday , but what i love most about nobles are the regular live music nights , in particular the jack o ' diamonds scrimshaw shanties night which currently runs every wednesday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now this is what i 'm talking about ! it 's bad that i 've only ever been here twice , but from now on this will be the place i suggest- if i get a choice ! they have a great selection of beers- my personal favourite is the inkie pinkie . and for only \u00a32.30 per half pint i 'd say that is a bargain worth having . they have really gone that extra mile with the interior . from comfy cushions all the way to one-of paintings on the wall , there 's something for everyone . definitely have to check this place out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the eggs benny and my partner had the french toast . i would have given this place 4 stars but the french toast was hardly french toast . when you order french toast you expect a fluffy fat piece of bread with a coating of cinnamon , egg and nutmeg ( or whatever other deliciousness ) . nobles offered up a thinly sliced seeded piece of bread with hardly any coating at all . it seemed to me to be more like toast with a slight dusting of sugar . our friends both had full scottish breakfasts which they loved , so if your going for that type of thing , this place does it good . the eggs bennedict were good but the bacon was so-so . i personally prefer canadian bacon or ham . overall good stuff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to admit ... .i would not have normally contemplated a bar on constitution st as a drinking option . have to say this a cracking pub . with a splinter cell of yelpers who had broken away from victorias i foudn the decor to be really nice , staff seemed friendly enough . nice seating areas and a `` dude on a guitar '' all good . importantly at this time of year for me they have a good malt selection so have to say while i am leith resident i will be back ! jd = happy man !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a gorgeous pub , all cosy with dark wood , delicious-sounding menu choices , comfy sofas for drinks or tables with candles to eat . and good wifi ! yet it seems to have some sort of memory force-field at the door that means i leave and forget how much i like it , until the next time i stroll in and i think , `` oh , of course ! this place is great ! '' and then i leave and forget again . so this is my note to self - nobles is lovely ! go there ! not in the evening , though - unfortunately it suffers from the blight that is live music , and i ca n't be bothered shouting over some amateur guitar racket ... but in the afternoons , spot on ! i 'll be back soon . if i remember .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although i used to live a 20 minute walk from nobles , i never actually visited it until i moved away from leith . i went for a drink one evening last year and it was packed but great fun . when we went for the yelp brunch on saturday i saw a very different side to it . during the day it is very chilled and and nice to relax in . i would happily just go there for a coffee , their cappuccinos were surprisingly good . i had the eggs benedict to eat and it was great . it came with a really generous amount of bacon , the poached eggs were well cooked and the english muffins were fresh and soft . the staff were also very friendly and helpful despite being faced with such a huge table of people , they coped just fine . i will have to go back soon for lunch dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "writing this review seems to be troubling me . i do n't think i can actually find fault with nobles in anyway , but i also ca n't bring myself to give it 5 stars ... it 's a really cool bar , gorgeous stained glass everywhere . the bar serves a decent spread of everything , no claims of craft this or artisan that but definitely far from poorly stocked . the food here is bloody excellent . i was with my family a few weeks back and everyone loved their food . i had the pork burger and it was mad tasty . clearly i have mad high standards for bars these days , because i really ca n't find anything i dislike about nobles , but i appear not to have a huge amount to say .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice establishment . we enjoyed dinner here which was simply a club sandwich and duck sandwich , with bread and oil as a side , and we thoroughly enjoyed it . great location too as not far from the shore . service was good and very nice atmosphere . loved the stained glass & cosy , old fashioned interior .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a fantastic bar , have yet to try the food and i can not wait to try here again . there was such a relaxing feel about the place , which a bar should have . i 've heard great things about the food ( best brunch in town apparently ) so i am really looking forward to get back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing leith bar , quite simply everything you could want from a local and thankfully it is mine ! the beautiful interior is inspired by the maritime victoriana in keeping with the location . look around a you 'll see pretty stained glass windows , comfy large bar seats , ship murals up high , chesterfield sofas and eclectic vintage framed pictures clustered on the walls . nobles hold a pub quiz on mondays , open mic night on tusdays , live bands all week in the evenings , super friendly staff and customer alike . i 've never eaten in here but always heard good things about it from friends . go and visit , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't visit here very often , even though it is close to where i live . i do tend to take visiting friends and family here for a spot of breakfast brunch . we also had a brunch here with a couple of friends and i was not disappointed . their pancakes and frensch toast are not too bad , but i did have had better in quite a few other places . the atmosphere here when going for a pint is not what i look for , a little too.. 'brown pubbish ' - nothing wrong with that , but to me too old fashioned - and the only way i like that is when served as a cocktail . people behind the bar are friendly , but sometimes a little slow in serving , but that could also be the kitchen in that aspect . in all ; not a bad pub , but not my cup of tea .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is good , the atmosphere is good , if you can get a seat on the big couches at the back then it 's excellent . although nobles is a fairly large pub by shore standards you can often struggle to find a seat as it 's so popular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , what a great place ! cool d\u00e9cor , lovely staff and the food was stunning with delicious flavour combinations . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this bar . has the feel of somewhere traditional in terms of wood paneling and stained glass but with a contemporary twist with gastro food and beer . it 's an edinburgh-wide favourite for brunch with an extensive range available all weekend . full scottish , eggs benedict , steak sandwich with chorizo and chili scrambled eggs a favourite of mine . improved beer selection in recent years with the mark of excellence being a tempest tap ( long white cloud etc ) with good guest ales ( fallen , cromarty etc ) . friendly enough staff . wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer clip decoration suggests that this place likes to vary its real ale , despite only having a couple of pumps to play with . i had a nice pint of red mcgregor . there were also a couple of black isle organic keg beers that looked pretty interesting ( so many beers , so little time ) . child friendly can mean an ear violation and that was what was happening here . only minus though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was much more of a 'gastro ' pub than i had expected ! it was great to have so much activity and buzz going on , great staff and music and the food was stunning . what a stunning looking place too , i can really recommend it ! also try the kings wark or the shore bar for something special !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our favorite restaurant in edinburgh . we walked the leith walk from calton hilll and were hungry and cold and in search of a beer and a meal . we are so happy we found this place -- it checked all the boxes -- the casual but unique decor , the friendly wait staff and the outstanding food . had the cullen skink , moules-frittes and fish & chips and they were all excellent . kudos to our wonderful canadian server and hugh jackman look-alike bartender .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great staff , even better fish and chips ! hella cool pub with cool decor and fireplace that sets the tone for a nice and cozy quaint evening not to mention a break away from the hustle and bustle of the city . needless to say that when i return to scotland that this place is definitely on my itinerary . as the locals say , cheers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service impeccable avec bons choix de fleurs coup\u00e9es . le seul fleuriste qui ne triple pas le prix des roses a la saint valentin et a la f\u00eate des m\u00e8res . petite boutique avec tout ce qu ' il faut a toutes occasion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this flower shop . yes , it is small , located in a weird spot but the service is great and the flowers beautiful . the prices are outstanding ! ! ! it is really a local secret how good these guys are . if you are in the area , trust me it is worth it to check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . they have amazing deals , on roses and rose petals notably . would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bagel sandwiches are just a-ok - they are actually pretty bland . i had the black forest ham , egg & cheese breakfast sandwich on a wheat bagel and i tasted nothing . the bagels with schmear , though , on the other hand are pretty good . they have the new pretzel bagel that my son ate - it was really good , but i did have to scrape off some of the salt that was overloaded on it . go here for the bagels and schmear , go elsewhere for the sandwiches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee at this location is awful- please go get lessons from the lady at the thunderbird and 40th street location . however , the primary morning guy , shawn , is awesome . he is friendly and chipper , but not so much so that he 's annoying as your first human contact of the day . he is generous with the toppings and speedy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is frezzing inside and the service is terrible , gave away our order to someone else and then said it would be another 15 min and when we said no they only gave us a partial refund and made us pay for the coffee even thoug we were leaving .they need a lesson in the customer is right", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the third time going to einsteins on the weekend and was met with an egregious wait . this was due to poorly trained cashiers and inadequate staff . it took over 15 minutes from entering the door for a simple bagel . on top of that my order came out wrong and had to be corrected . suffice to say i will no longer be going back to this establishment . advice to management : invest on training your staff and hire more people for the weekend morning rush .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bagels are corporate tasting bagels and there is no getting around that . the manager is outstanding and always has a kind word and smile . i visit on weekends and always have a pleasant experience . the staff would do well to hustle a bit more and speed up the weekend line . a decent bagel in a great location . check the paper for good coupons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time in a bagel place and i would say it was ok . i still ca n't figure out why one employee takes the order , another takes the money , another employee calls out orders and one more walks around asking if everything is ok. all this for a bagel or sandwich seems wasteful of labor . since this was my first time here , i ordered an ice tea , somehow i was supposed to know it was in the cooler on the way to the line for paying . guess i am just out of the loop at this place . food was ok , nothing worth mentioning . i could always get a bagel with coffee at another place and be just as content .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the people here are so rude ! ! i ordered a sandwich without capers but still got capers on it . no big deal until i brought it back to the woman who made it seem like i was asking her for the moon . she really did n't remake my sandwich but just took them off and handed it back to me . so sorry i made you do work when your store is empty ... . i usually like this chain but this store sucks !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great bagels , yummy coffee . the people are awesome . i come for breakfast at least once a week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service i rushed home after stopping by to grab a turkey sandwich just to find out they left the key ingredient out - turkey . so it ended up with a veggie sandwich . i called them to let them know and they kindly offered me another sandwich next time i came in . they took my name down . today - i returned and they rejected their original offer . i 'll never be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't ever ask them to remake something for you when they get your order wrong because it 'll look like they pulled it from the trash .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick lunch . the food was fine but i was surprised by the way the employees were loudly conversing at the register and throwing ice cubes ... just obnoxious .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i hate to dislike this place being that it 's so close to home , but the place is always a mess and the staff is always rude . i keep coming back hoping that the service gets better , but it has yet to happen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far the worst einsteins i 've ever been to . terrible customer service and so very slow . no matter what time or day , i 'm waiting for at least 15 minutes . for a bagel ! ! the employees are dirty and dingy and even the store manager wears her hair down and hanging over the food as she makes it , disgusting . it 's a shame this is the only einsteins near me , i love the other locations , this one is hands down the worst .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walked in , stood at order here counter for several minutes . the one guy that appeared to be working never acknowledged me . so i left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been to several of these on other trips and they are always good . bagels were the same good quality but none of our three bagels were warm . i got the egg sandwich and the cheese did n't even melt . we will try it again on this trip and i 'll update if there is any difference the next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "standard chain bagel shop . they make several variations of good coffee . they have breakfast bagel options ( some with eggs , steak , smoked salmon or veggies ) which are not the greatest . if you order a dozen bucket of bagels to go ( with two cream cheeses ) , you can get them pre-sliced , which is nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go there almost daily and have been for almost 2 years . the manager , michelle is amazing and the staff is always extremely friendly and helpful . i have always had great food , fast service and a wonderful experience . it is extremely clean , pet friendly outside , and i would say to go there every day like i do ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are regulars at this location . i love the staff ( michelle is incredible ) as is just about everyone else . yes , they microwave eggs , but they microwave real eggs ( not the nasty egg food stuff ) and everything there is always so fresh . as a bonus , they are very sweet to children and dogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stepped into this place and i get the immediate feeling that they did not want to serve us . took our order , never asked if we wanted to go or not , the person taking the orders did not even bother to ask for my name . the guy shorting out the order and then said you are welcome before i said thank you or anything . that is rude ! of the 3 service people there only one person greeted customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "enjoyed my brunch very much ! went here with a group of 20 on a sunday morning and the place was full . we had a great waiter and everyone was very satisfied . huge plates with great food with good coffee . what else can we ask for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is ok but expensive . they charged us $ 3.75 for sharing a plate but did not inform us when ordering and it is not noted on the menu . will not return because of this", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really really friendly staff . cool ambiance . food was great , however , believe it or not the portions were just way to much . at one point we had 5 plates on the table and that was just from the 2 meals my husband and i had ordered . the only reason i gave this resto 4 instead of 5 is , the coffee was really bitter and not very good . which i think is pretty key for a breakfast resto . but overall great place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "paul cette place est unique dans le west island pas beaucoup de place qui sert avec un sourire et surtout pour l\u00e8ve t\u00f4t quel choit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great breakfast brunch restaurant in pointe claire my wife and i recently discovered this wonderful breakfast restaurant . a friend had mentioned it and we decide to give it a try . we have visited a total of three times now , and will definitely be making it a regular stop . each visit i have tried to order something different , and to date i have not been disappointed . the portions are generous , and the meals have always been cooked to perfection . the staff are always smiling and friendly . even when it got busy we were able to carry on our conversations with no problem . the d\u00e9cor is charming , and clean . a great place for breakfast or brunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great ! i really enjoyed the small and cozy ambience . it 's kids friendly which was a plus since we came with our 13 month old son . the only thing was the slightly long wait to get the food but then again its well worth it since everything was fresh and warm . i would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing brunch and breakfast options ! ! they have great options and even many combos named after what 's popular in different cities ! it 's really cool ! i got the las vegas with flavored pancakes ! amazing ! the eggs were really great as well ! portions are huge and the food is outstanding ! ! ! ! ! i would definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was perfect ! crepes were amazing and cooked to perfection , eggs were like no other , and fruit was fresh and sweet . loved it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went this morning again . the toast was burnt - which took 7-8 minutes to replace . bacon was burnt . fruit was old . took forever to get a coffee refill . just terrible ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another great west island breakfast spot ! quick service , good food and lots of choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and big portions , friendly staff . not too noisy or overcrowded like the other west island bfast joints . love the fresh & perfectly ripe fruit . had the florentine great hollandaise , right consistency and perfectly cooked poached egg . will be back for sure . highly recommend for those west island brunchers looking for something new and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roy , was friendly , clean and very professional . he explained every thing he was doing . checked everything on my air condition and did nothing that was n't needed just to make extra money . the prices were very reasonable . i would recommend this company and roy to anyone . make sure and give him a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service and very professional guy had my a c up and running in no time . very happy with the work done ! will recommend to my friends and family r & r heating and a c", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work at the right price , very happy with r & r heating & air services will use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roy is a stand up guy . instead of trying to make a quick buck he was honest and save me a lot money ! for sure i will be recommending friends and family to this guy and any ac problems i have in future i will be sure to call first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man kann drinnen und drau\u00dfen sitzen , das personal ist sehr sehr freundlich , frisches essen , frische pasta , sehr gute pizza und fisch und fleisch . teilweise gehen wir mehrmals die woche ins piloni , weil es einfach gleichbleibend ausgezeichnet ist . f\u00fcr gruppen , wie f\u00fcr dates geeignet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einmal und nie wieder ! essen war unterdurchschnittlich und der service absolut unfreundlich . ein stern f\u00fcr das gute preis leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis beim wein , wir h\u00e4tten gerne mehr getrunken , w\u00e4ren wir denn bedient worden .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . they said it woudl take 5 minutes , and i was there over 30 minutes . the 'manage ' came out , skipped over my phone and starting taking apart another customer 's phone at the counter . surprised he could do this with his pants falling down ! his assistant spent 15 minutes having a conversation with another customer about personal stuff before taking my phone to start getting fixed . music in the back was blasting ... on top of the tv running in the front ... while both of them took turns answering their personal phones . these are children trying to run a business ... and doing a terrible job of it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife took my son 's phone in after he dropped his phone in the tub ( youtube in the tub i guess ) . they were very quick to action fixing the phone in 10-15 minutes . great customer service , i highly recommend . about a year ago i had a bad experience here but it was a completely different experience this time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband brought our ps3 in there two months ago , as it was malfunctioning . after he dropped it off , they said they 'd be in touch in a week . nope ! two weeks later , he had to call them to inquire . they said they did n't know what was wrong , but were working on it and would contact him . nope ! a few weeks later he had to call again , same answer . here it is two months later and he had to call to ask what was up and they just said he could come pick it up whenever . no explanation of why it took them so long , no idea what was wrong with it , no apology , nothing . it was there for two months and he had to hound them to see if any progress was made , and none ever was . what 's up with that ? they might be good at fixing things , but the customer service is really unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very professional and already cheaper than geek squad who was going to charge me the same price just for running a diagnostic scan on my computer , plus the charge to fix it . they charge you only for things that they fix with free diagnostic analysis . we 'll see how my computer turns out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have me a solid . i brought in a 25 yr old toyota ecu with leaking capacitors . ubreak sourced all the needed parts and salvaged the board . will recommend and use again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having two small children , they seem to be either breaking us , breaking themselves or breaking things around the house . last night , our family ipad took its last roll down the stairs . my co-worker recommended ubreakifix fix my ipad because it was right next to great places to have lunch . i do not know what magic beans they have behind their counter but our ipad was bent , cracked and probably had last weeks apple sauce on it so i was skeptical of what they could do . after having a burger and fries at 5 guys next door , i got a text that my ipad was ready to be picked up . i was alarmed at how quicky it was done , thinking they probably did a quick job . i think they must have given us a new ipad because it looked like new . i had to check the photo roll just to make sure it was the same ipad . thanks layne for your fantastic job on our ipad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband has a galaxy mega and he cracked his screen . they were able to fix his phone in under an hour . they are very professional and they do a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a reliable cell phone is very important to me . i received speedy , courteous , competent service . my cell phone was like new when i left , and at a cost much less than one would expect . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my phone screen replaced in late june . initially , i was very satisfied with the service . a few months later , after keeping case on the phone and not dropping it , the screen just started falling out of the phone . and now they are refusing to reimburse me for the faulty service . so yes , initially , you will be very pleased , just be warned that you may be out of your money in a few months .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my masseuse answered her cell phone in the middle of my massage . no good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great intentions , but not polished or professional . i had a facial with emily . she was very nice , and talked through the entire session . i was disappointed that she refrained from doing any extractions . she said the she did n't like doing them , but claimed the mask would be effective . it 's not quite the same though . she used soaking wet hot towels to steam my face , which in turn , soaked my hair . she was thoughftul to give me a complimentary blow-out . she was so nice , but the service was sloppy and not up to par . the room was dusty and had a weird skylight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "update : it 's closed here 's what i love - everytime i get a haircut by emily ... my hair looks fabulous . and , i think it 's a reasonable price for a haircut ( under $ 40 ) here 's my issue - they no longer accept credit cards . also , i had a pedicure here and it was just okay ... nothing really spectacular . they used some hot stones that i found to be more uncomfortable than anything else . i also felt like my feet just did n't get the attention they deserved for the price tag . other - the staff has always been welcoming and kind . parking is easy to find on the street , the salon is very welcoming and bright .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for a pedicure a while back . i was in desperate need of one , so why not try the salon nearby ? got my pedicure . and i 've had better . this particular pedicure was the longest i 've ever had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took my mom for a manicure and we were both really pleased , everyone was very friendly and relaxed . mom commented on how long her polish lasted , i did n't notice a huge difference from other places but i 'm rough on nails . look forward to going back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful place . staff was extremely nice and my massage was fabulous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i get my hair cut by norma . no one can touch her hair dryer skills . total cost is $ 25.00 with tip , which is quite competitive . salon is always clean and seems to specialize in `` fades '' and `` prom hair '' . this is a spanish speaking salon , however , i do not speak spanish . they may answer the phone in spanish , but as soon as you speak english . they are on it , responding in perfect english . you will not get a better cut or style for this price range .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience ever . i have not been to a beauty salon for years . customer service , uncleanliness , there techniques for hair styles are all bad . i had one of the beautician to do my hair . i asked her , how many years she been doing hair ? she told me 20 years . so i trusted her with my hair . i wanted a perm ( i even showed her pics ) she messed up my hair . on top of that she was ready to do another perm 2 days after the terrible perm . i asked ; dont you have to wait two weeks ? she got smart with me and said ; i did my part . how rude . i got my money back.. never will i return to this place . note : ( beauticians if u ever read this clean your salon and disinfectant ur brushes , combs . instead of sitting around gossiping . )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time getting a hair cut from this place , been going to one by my house fancy pricey one that is alright.. i decided to try cynthia 's , since its close to my job and they were available the next day . cynthia did an amazing job ! ! ! cynthia is super nice and friendly , had a pleasant experience , no awkward conversations lol definitely coming back . plus the price was perfect $ 25 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a spanish speaking salon , but they 're kind enough to compensate for those of us who only speak english - something i 'm very grateful for , as i desperately needed my hair taken care of and they 're close by and have great reviews . mariana took me the same day i called and did a perfect job . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate getting my hair cut and only do it when i have an emergency . as you guys know my hair is super white so i bleach quite often to get my dark roots to that color . the ends as you know in the summer become crazy frizzy and well time for a haircut . i 've had my hair done by cynthia herself and one of the other lady 's there . they all seem to know what i want done and it comes out great without cutting most of my hair off . that makes me so happy . another thing is that she only charges about 19 $ for the cut which is cheeeeeaaaaappppp ! ! ! i love getting what i want for a deal . the service is always great as well . people are always smiling and having fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this price . everyone there is really good and sweet and the prices are amazing ... my lady did a great good on my hair and was very pleased . will for sure come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jackie is truly indeed one of the best nail techs in vegas . she works in a charming hair salon & it 's refreshing to know places like this still exist . jackie is phenomenal & beyond talented & can create pretty much anything . she is the upmost professional & my gel nails stay on forever . i have a great deal of respect for her passion & technique . she does n't rush the process as opposed to other shops that push people through like herding cattle . i 've been cut before at other shops with no regard for my well-being and because of this i wo n't let anyone else on the face of this earth do my pedicures ! lastly , i love the fact that i 'm supporting a young entrepreneur who took a risk on herself and her craft . jackie has a freedom that many nail techs envy but it 's because she 's following her dreams & refuses to settle for less !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was your typical hispanic salon . everyone was either getting a quick trim or a perm ... my hair came out ok , i guess . but i asked for a deep-conditioning treatment and the lady that did my hair did n't really get what i was asking for and gave me some sort of brazilian blowout treatment only on my ends.. ? i 'd never heard of that , but it was cheap so i took it . they 're friendly , but there 's a reason i avoid places like this now.. only reason i went was because my regular hair dresser was out of town and i had a holiday party to attend that night . not bad , just nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service is excellent , friendly and the cost is real cheap , i 've been customer ( every 15 days ) for 5 years , and always leave happy and hair done in the way that i want , if you are looking for a reliable hair cut service in las vegas , this is the place to go ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to cinthya for a couple years now and i always leave loving my hair . they are friendly , family owned business . i would recommend anyone to go , she knows what she is doing and will always make sure you go in and leave with what you want and not what they think works . thank you for your great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic blowout ! i think the guys name was luis he was fast and dried my hair just like i asked for - outwards and with volume ! most places burn me since i ask for the extra volume but this guy even had me falling asleep ! ! ! ! ^5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my 2nd time coming here in the past 2 weeks . mariana cut my hair both times and did a great job . she knew exactly what i wanted . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great for quick hair cut . cynthia is very sweet and dies a great job . she only charges 10 bucks for a wash and cut . it 's super convenient cause she is even open on sunday . i have never had to wait longer than 20 minutes to get my hair cut . that price is for a guy ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mariana did a great job ! : ) super cheap ! only $ 18 for a haircut and she blow dried my hair . thanks mariana ! will go back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd just like to take this moment to give jackie hernandez at cinthya 's beauty salon an applause ! ! she is a woman of many talents ! she can create very detailed works of art on my nails and really takes her time to get it looking perfect ! i also treated myself to a pedicure and as many pedicures that i get done she is the best by far . after my service i felt rejuvinated and relaxed and ready to get my shopping on with my new shiny polished toes ! thank you jackie and i will tell all my friends to see you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this store on more than one occasion and find it to be a great experience . the owner and his staff are knowledgable and easy going and the store features enough samples to cater to any kind of framing or mounting . i wish that i had noticed this store sooner but now they are my only choice . i would also like to acknowledge that owner david went out of his way to help frame a photo of my late father in law in a rush for the service and this was really appreciated by our family at a time when when there was a lot of stress . it is great to support a business not only because they are local , but because they are good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a large and a small poster framed . they are excellent . if there is something you want framed , take it here . they are professional , friendly , and do tremendous work . strongly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a new art ( and framing ) enthusiast , i 'm incredibly glad i ended up at frame it on bloor . the level of expertise , knowledge , and service all exceeded my expectation . what was planned as a quick trip to get canvass stretched and posters framed turned into a delightful educational experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chloe was super helpful and got me an awesome frame that looks absolutelu stunning on my wall . pricey but i feel the quality was worth it , and the turn around time was only 2 weeks for a totally custom job . staff were all very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had several fitness certifications i wanted done in a basic frame and also a rare original piece from the lead singer of my favourite band . the staff laid out all of my options and made some suggestions which were great . they asked if i had a budget in mind for the rare piece and i said not really , wanting it done right . we looked at the frames , the borders and the casing that was not only going to protect my piece but preserve it . well it came out beautifully and i could n't be happier ! yes it was pricey but i now have some artwork that i would be proud to showcase in any room of any house . thanks frame it on bloor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had something i 've been meaning to frame forever . chloe helped me and was outstanding . she 's pleasant and very knowledgeable . she knew about the print i was having framed , we talked about the area , we talked about art in general as well . the price was reasonable . she allowed me to put $ 100 down and i 'm now able to put the rest on my next credit card statement . it 's clean and lots on offer . im a very satisfied client .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to `` frame it on bloor '' after getting quotes from approximately 10+ custom framing shops for a 16x20 autographed photo of boxer mike tyson . i met emily & sally and they were both great ! they gave me options even though i already had a fairly good idea of what i wanted done . at first i picked a black frame and was quoted at $ 270 with tax ! i was startled . they quickly saw my discomfort with this price and immediately gave me other suitable options more in tune with the price range i was looking for ! i paid $ 180 all in for a 20x25 beautiful black frame , background matting and silver plaque with an inscription ( $ 30 dollar value ) . although it was indeed a bit pricey , the quality of the work and the overall knowledge & service were worth every penny ! i will be coming here again & i would suggest anyone considering places to frame just about anything to do the same ! job took just under 2 weeks to complete . well worth the wait ! flawless job ! kevin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i came here after creamery cafe was booked with reservations . the breakfast was fabulous . we had quiche , bacon and sausage . it was really really good . they use local ingredients , produce , meats and cheese . totally recommend this place and plan on going there again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 words . best quiche ever ! it 's a bit pricey but for the portion and quality it 's totally worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the awesome paoli melt sandwich ( smoked gouda and kimchi belong together ) . the potato leek soup was also wonderful . my friend 's quiche was also tasty . this is the place to stop for breakfast or lunch made from local farm produce , eggs and meats on your next drive or ride to paoli .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love their food . i 've eaten here twice and the breakfast was fantastic . i love that the owner grows most of the food , does the cooking and also serves the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought local fresh curds and fresh cream in the grocery section , awesome ! had dinner tonight ( 7 3 14 ) . excellent service and delicious food . a buy local , buy fresh restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in here from out of town to check the place out . never met a more rude man in my life working there . i was with an autistic kid who asked him about the wheat . he asked him what the hell he was doing . he told him he did n't have time for this and told us to go to the park across the street . there was nobody in the store . i will never ever be returning to this place and will be letting everyone i know hear about this . i never want to return to paoli after this experience and hope this business is not open long .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by hear once to try their grass fed beef . it was n't that flavorful and rather tough . i thought their selection was amazing and i would stop again to try some of their other products . not cheap so be prepared for higher prices . they have alligator ! how crazy is that ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ran down to paoli local foods a week before thanksgiving to pick up a fresh heritage turkey . it was one of the best turkeys we 've ever had . great taste , great texture ( never frozen ) , and nice & juicy . no crazy brining or basting necessary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place started as a grocery selling locally sourced food . they added a food prep kitchen and small eating area in the back ( the caf\u00e9 part ) . this place is worth seeking out for breakfast or lunch . this is a secret oasis in a dessert of processed food . everything on the menu is made from scratch , and i mean everything . they raise and process their own meat and serve jam with their homemade toast . at the end you get a made from scratch chocolate mint candy . try anything and everything and if you like it , you can buy the ingredients right there . i recently walked away with a package of their very own breakfast sausage , a jar of kombucha and a small jar of the triple berry jam . in contrast to the fancy food served at other places in the area , this place keeps it simple and reminds us of what good food is . please visit this locally-owned , but somewhat struggling establishment . they would love the business and i promise you will keep going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place . went for dinner . started with the peaches and cream cocktail , as delicious as it sounds ! the reuben ribs were amazing and i do n't even like corned beef . had a salad and couple other appetizers , both delicious ! had the gyro gnocchi for an entree , we were hesitant , but after reassurance from server , we gave it a shot . creamy , rich , delicate gnocchi , and tons of lamb ... was not sure what to expect , but loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been hear a handful of times since it 's been opened . absolutely love cork and cleaver . confit chicken wings and ruben ribs are amazing . i 've ordered entrees of the regular menu being the gnocchi and fried chicken mac and cheese . they are both great . i usually do always get their daily special which has always been outstanding . it 's nice having a gourmet , artsy type of restaurant right in the suburbs , instead of heading down to ohio city , tremont or downtown . oh and ca n't go wrong with their hand made cocktails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , the lamb was very rich because of the sauce , the gnocchi were very flavorful . the pork paprikash i would not get again . i just did n't like the texture of the pork once it was formed and the spaetzl were kind of small . my preference , others may like it . waiter was attentive and experienced . ambiance ... .it was an la type restaurant setting , in a strip mall , looking out onto cars parked up against the side walk . i would put up some type of screening on the front plate glass window , bamboo or wood screen . they sat us facing the parking lot , rather than the restaurant . the place was practically empty on a weds night , then one other table came in . but they still acted like it was an issue that we did n't have reservations ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had the opportunity to eat at cork and cleaver a few times and have loved everything i have ever had . the flavor combinations are wonderful , and they have a unique menu that changes with the seasons . i love the stellar drink- peaches and cream and so delicious . the wait staff and chefs are so personable . make sure to call ahead as the seating area is a little small .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food quality ! coming from someone who lived and travels to nyc on a regular basis , i can say , this place would make it in the big apple ; ) we need more places like this around here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible , delicious food ! the reuben ribs ... ooohhh ... the only ( slight ) downside was that it was cold in there . i am often cold , true , but i was almost shivering in there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "keeping it short . this place is fantastic and i ca n't wait to get back . definitely has my support and highest recommendations for local foodie connoisseurs . when you leave you will be thinking to yourself what you will want to try next time on the menu to see if you could actually top what you just ate . my only wish is that this place was a little closer to my house !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first let me say i loved this place . the menu is simple but creative and the food is fantastic . the staff is extremely friendly . high end cuisine without high end pricing . i encourage you you to go before they realize they are priced too low .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "celebrated my birthday with good friends.had the board , scallops and ruben ribs to start . 3 had the ribeye special and i had the silver snapper.for dessert we shared the lemon bruelle with pepper biscotti and the apple pierogies.andmaple baon bread pudding . with a bottle of laurello cabernet . franc the night could n't have been better . this place is phenomenal in all their twists on food . great place for a special occasion or just an evening with apps and cocktails . susan o 'd", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing dinner and nice to have a `` tremont -like '' restaurant in the 'burbs . i had the fried chicken and mac and cheese - probably not the healthiest but amazing flavor and taste ! my hubby had the salmon special and loved it as well . both the appetizer and the desserts were amazing . fried brownie - need i say more ? ? and the root beer malt - delish ! ! ! ! definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local and organic food and attention to detail . must try the mason mule homemade drink ! you will be shocked by how good it all is ... and in broadview hts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looks can be deceiving , especially if you 're a nice restaurant in a plaza near a convenient store . i went with a group of girl friends and of course started out with drinks ( there is no happy hour ) . a few of us ordered wine and a few of us ordered mixed drinks . the 2 favored mixed drinks were the mason 's mule and whiskey sour . i was at best of cleveland event about 2 years ago and had a sample of their gnocchi which is best described as a deconstructed gyro . it took me that long to check this place out and i wish i had n't waited so long . as a whole , our group ordered pork paprikash , gnocchi , verve fries , chicken wings and the chicken and waffles . i know a lot of reviews on here state how much people love the fries but i just was not impressed by them . i did however fall in love with the chicken wings . the honey sauce that the wings sit on top of is delectable and the wings are perfectly cooked !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a neighborhood gem of a restaurant . the server mandy was outstanding and the bartender ronnie was the best . it 's a must place to go for awesome food and super drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back at cork and cleaver for the third time to try something new ! i 've tried a few appetizers and they 've all been amazing . the pork paprikash was n't what i expected but i liked and so did my dad . i loved the pork chop with the brussel sprouts but they have some new menu items and that one 's not available right now . cocktails are well made and the service is awesome . trying the chicken wings tonight since everyone is raving about them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dinner . i went there with my girlfriend and enjoyed this restaurant immensely . staff was quick and very knowledgeable about the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it here ! the scallop app and hanger steak were my favorites . the waiters are also were knowledgeable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every bite of our meal was perfect . the board with bone marrow , pork belly was perfection . we ordered duck and steak both cook spot on . we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every restaurant i go to has now been ruined by this place . it sets the bar for food and no one has come close to touching it . if i were on death row , i would ask for a meal from cork and cleaver . hits the mark in every way : amazing inventive cocktails , friendly attentive wait staff who really know the menu , and food that leaves you savoring every bite . my favorites : appetizer : chicken wings . hands down best wings i 've ever had . the meat falls off the bone entree : gnocchi with lamb although keep in mind their menu changes with the seasons , so you might be disappointed to go back and find your old favorite has been changed to something different to keep it seasonable , but i am not in anyway holding that against them . if anything its a reason to go back and see whats new on the menu . i am moving out of the cleveland area and could cry that i wo n't be able to go to cork and cleaver any more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , the brussel sprouts . they are reason enough to return . fantastic wine selection too . i ordered the steak , and it was good . not the best steak i 've had , but it 's not a steak house . my husband ordered the pork paprikash and he was not a fan but i thought it was tasty . ( he said it was too creamy ) we got the bread pudding for dessert and he loved it -- i thought it was okay but i 'm not really a bread pudding connoisseur . service was extraordinary . we will definitely return and probably try different entrees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful had the reuben ribs app along with the steak for dinner . dessert was to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for some after dinner drinks on a saturday night with some friends . i 've been here before for dinner and it was n't bad and we were in the neighborhood already so we figured we 'd stop for some drinks . based on their recs i tried the adc-not my favorite unfortunately . i much preferred the mason mule ... mmm ginger beer . service was a little slow for just drinks . it almost seemed like the waitress did n't want to serve us since we were only ordering drinks . might come back to try dinner again and to try the ruben ribs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . been here several times and everything i try is my new favorite . love them scallops , skirt steak , omelet , bangers . you ca n't go wrong here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not my best experience food not worth the price and service was slow . and heard that they are leasing reddstone and turning it into graffiti social kitchen ? ? ? really they took over cleveland 's hidden gem and doing away with comedy there now that 's a joke reddstone was on of the best bars and restaurants very disappointed and definitely not good thing for battery park", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was good ; portions very small . i had a salad that should have been listed as a `` side '' item and way overpriced at $ 9.00 ... nothing special about the salad and not worth more than $ 5 ; my husband had the pork paprikash and liked it but definitely left hungry due to small portion ... the pork came with no sides .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good food . off the beaten path . meat is tender . fries are awesome . service was the greatest . beverages unusual . not your usual fare . loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fantastic . service is fast , your glass is always full and the staff is very friendly . we have n't had anything that was not delicious here . very fair pricing for the quality . definitely a hidden gem . it 's also awesome that the atmosphere is casual , even though it 's high quality it does n't feel stiff or stuck up . great place for anything from a date night to a get together with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered flat iron steak which i give 3 stars , my friend ordered lamp with cucumber which is very tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are lots of restaurants in cleveland that try to do upscale , farm-to-table , american-fusion cuisine but fall short of the mark . c & c is not one of them . each thing on the menu is a carefully balanced composition of non-intuitive flavor combinations , and they are all executed to perfection . the meats are tender . the sauces are to taste . the vegetables are fresh and crunchy . the combination is amazing . also , great service and ambience . five stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful food and wonderful service ! went with a friend to catch up on how each other 's lives were going . the food was exceptional . i had the gnocchi and she had the pork paprikash . both were fabulous . and we had country fried brownie and the apple pie perogies for dessert . again , both were excellent . and our server was great . lots of fun . thoroughly enjoyed eating here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is great . they have some crazy flavor combinations- most of them work . if not , they have always gotten me something else . i like that they are local , raise some of the food on a farm and are very cordial . as good as anything in tremont and i do n't have to deal with hipsters", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after looking at the website , and hearing great reviews from friends about cork and cleaver , i was super excited to try it . i love the farm to table idea . it 's very popular in bigger cities , and i 'm glad to see it coming to ohio finally . if you are just getting into finer food , this is a great place . i just think they need a little more time to get even more creative . there was n't anything wrong with the food , it was prepared well . it just lacked ... something . their cocktails were very well balanced , which i appreciated . and the wine selection was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "app and entree were good ( scallops bangers ) . desert and salad were amazing ! ( panna cotta beet ) . odd location but worth the trip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sit at ronnie 's bar , he 'll take care of you . always good cocktails , always great food . was hesitant about the gnocchi and ate it on recommendation ... best choice ive made in weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place with very attentive servers ! my water glass was always full : ) i had the wonton soup with the omelette , and my friend had the c & c salad with chicken and waffles . the omelette was so different and 100 % delicious ! i would def order it again ! the wonton soup had a good taste but there was n't much to it . my friend said the chicken and waffles were very good too - this was the first time she had it ! they said the spring menu would be coming out about mid-april ! i 'm looking forward to coming back to try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every thing is always perfect even with special requests . my boyfriend loves the mushroom salad on the old menu ! everyone should enjoy the flat iron steak , it 's cooked to perfection and the pairings with it are incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . the food was absolutely amazing ! i had the beet salad and the trout - both were decent sized portions and delicious ! do n't be deceived by the unassuming strip mall facade - this place is the real deal . i 'll definitely be back the next time i 'm in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a treasure for those of us south of cleveland ! ate there last night for the second time and can say nothing but great things about the food and staff . we had reservations both times and were seated immediately . ordered cocktails and wine quickly and our server gave us the specials which all sounded good . we started with the verve fries which were a pile of salty fried yumminess . first time out i had the pork paprikash and dh had the chorizo omelette . second time i tried the gnocchi and dh stuck with the omelette . the meat was cooked to perfection each time and everything was wonderful . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great foodie place in broadview heights . who would have thought such great restaurants existed outside cleveland ? drinks were great . tried the stellar which is a foamy peach vodka drink . delicious -- could n't even taste the vodka . also tried another drink which was just whiskey and ginger beer , which was made perfectly . everyone is served pumpernickel bread with spinach dip -- a nice change from usually getting bread and butter . we started off with chicken and waffles and the reuben ribs . the chicken and waffles is served with a spicy butter . the syrup compliments this very well . the reuben ribs were awesome and would definitely recommend . split the pork paprikash as our entree . very delicious . had a deep fried brownie for dessert . interesting taste . i wish they had a better dessert selection . our server was great . the decor is pretty bad but i was n't expecting anything super trendy . would definitely go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from beginning to end the service and food were excellent . the board was an awesome beginning . that is after the super creamy butter they make for their bread ! i had the iron medium rare . mouthwatering is the only way to describe it . the side of brussels sprouts roasted with blue cheese , by far the best way ever to prepare them ! my handsome companion had the chef soup which was beer cheese made with milk stout . nothing wrong about that ! we would have liked a larger beer selection as we are beer aficionados . that said we will be back to try more creative taste bud tempting cuisine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went last night for my boyfriends birthday ... his first time there . he said the pork paprikash was the best meal he 's ever had ! the c & c steak was phenomenal ! service impeccable . awesome atmosphere ! one of my fave restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interesting location being in a strip mall , but food was good . the beet salad was my favorite part of the meal ! good beer and wine selection . a little pricey for the quantity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place and honestly may give it one more try because i think our problem was more about a very bad waitress than the food itself . my wife and i were in on saturday . i ordered the special lobster tail and my wife had the pork paprikash . both were luke warm at best . i know we should say something and send it back but i really hate doing that . i think there is potential here , just not the best service . drinks were average , waitress had no idea what i meant when i ordered my martini `` wet '' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "superb find for broadview heights . sampled a bit of everything from the menu and was not disappointed whatsoever . pumpernickel break with spinach and garlic butter was a nice start . got the ribs for an appetizer and i was pleasantly surprised by the reuben taste . one of the best beet salads i 've ever had . the goat cheese was the perfect flavor pairing . sampled the steak , gnocchi and bangers . heaven in your mouth taste . the best however was the pork paprikash with spaetzle . perfect balance of salty with the creamy orange sauce . the waitress was nice enough to bring some almond carmel corn to the table before leaving . overall , a great top restaurant find out in the burbs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sat in the bar for nearly an hour after ordering and eventually went to our server who told us there was a `` complication in the kitchen '' and that they would start making it now . the minute we entered the bar we were warned there was no alcohol at all and asked if we wanted to stay ... not the warmest of welcomes . if i could select 0 stars for this place i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to addies three times for lunch , once for a work happy hour and once to watch the hockey game with friends on a saturday night . the food is of amazing quality , generous in portion size and very well priced . the salads are fresh and always have just the right amount of homemade dressing ... never drenched in kraft or store bought vinaigrettes like most restaurant salads ! i have to say , as a nacho lover , addies makes the best nacho 's i have had ( besides homemade ) ! the food is seriously delicious and reminds you of what you would make for yourself . the service is excellent . whether its a warm greeting from the owners when you walk in or the friendly smile of one of the waiters , addies is all about raising the customer service bar in a way that does n't feel forced or un-natural . if you are just a few colleagues looking for a great lunch spot , or if you are planning a work 5 a 7 , i definitely think you need to check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we chose addies for the previous reviews and it 's location actually in the hotel where we are staying . we arrived just after 6pm and were seated promptly . we ordered our drinks and dinner and everything seemed pleasant . other people came into the restaurant and ordered just as we had . after waiting one hour , we called our waitress and inquired about our food . she told us it would be right up . at one hour and 15 minutes , the people who were seated and ordered after us , got served their food . i asked to see the manager and she tried to tell me that the orders were all turned in together . when i explained to her that our order was given to the waitress before the table behind us , she did not apologize , offer anything and acted as if this was normal . the food was good , when it finally came but by that time we were ready to leave and go somewhere else . this is the first one star i have ever given .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "un endroit parfait pour manger avant une game des canadiens de montr\u00e9al . le restaurant est pas trop loin \u00e0 pied du centre bell , mais juste assez loin pour \u00e9viter une longue file d'attente comme dans les autres restos du coin . nous avons seulement mang\u00e9 les pelures de patates \u00e0 la poutine et les rondelles d'oignons avec deux bi\u00e8res . le service \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bon et la bouffe aussi : ) en conclusion , un bon petit restaurant pas trop cher pour casser la croute !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horribly slow service , restaurant was n't even half full . asked for steak medium-well , came out rare . server did n't want to take it off the bill so i asked for the manager . she huffed and puffed at me and finally took it off . then when leaving the restaurant all them employees were staring .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "girlfriend and i went to this restaurant on the recommendation of the concierge at the sheraton le centre montreal . really good food . and the desserts are amazing . for dinner we ordered the pepperoni pizza and ravioli pasta both very good . dessert we had the smores in a jar and brownie caramel cookie sandwich . both were very rich , but well worth it . we will return to this restaurant next time we are in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in with a friend , at first we were a little worried that the restaurant was in the front of a hotel . boy were we surprised , all the food is very reasonably priced , service was fast and very attentive . the food , we ate the wings and the philly poutine , both came out quickly and were so well tasting , those alone will bring us back . the wait staff met us at the door , immediately sat us , drinks came right away . overall i 'm quite impressed with this gem . will add more on our second visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here three times over a long weekend in montreal . everything we had was delicious , great service and reasonable prices . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is great and so is the service but i had the unpleasant experience of hearing what i assume was the manager , a large middle eastern man , having a yelling fit at his employees . it was embarrassing and i would never return to an establishment where people are treated like that . i ca n't imagine how some one like that is able to retain competent employees but as i said , somehow the service and food were 5 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best poutine i have ever had , fabulous pizza , service and beer selection . very enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "superior food for a sports bar ( especially if you are american and used to the poor quality pub food we 've grown accustomed to ) . tried 3 dishes , and all have been excellently prepared , and very wallet-friendly . from the starters : chicken wings ( very crisp ; dipping sauce has a kick ; no bleu cheese dip ; fresh side of vegetable sticks ) ; & avocado tacos ( served hot , multi-textured and flavored vs the cold , creamier version you 're likely to get in the us ) . from the mains : poutine provencale ( au povre ) - a large serving swimming in a generous , piping hot peppercorn sauce . awesome , and probably the best poutine i 've had so far ( but more research is necessary ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a work lunch and it was nothing more than `` okay '' . food was food , nothing special , it was kind of overpriced although work was covering the cost so it did n't bother me . we were about 12 people and all of us agreed that we probably were n't going to be coming back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well the food was edible . the steak i asked for medium well came just barely medium . the fries were great - i appreciate fresh cut fries . but the plastic fork and knife i was given to eat the steak was disappointing . i ordered room service to the hotel next door and expected typical room service hospitality ... you know ... a tray , cutlery , maybe water ? ? ! ! nope ! i was served like it was take out in a plastic bag and struggled as you can imagine to cut the steak with my plastic fork and knife . i gave up at one point and just ate with my hands . good thing i had the privacy of my room . the dessert in a jar i ordered looked and tasted like it was a month old and the graham crust was absolute mush . next time i stay at this hotel i will either order a pizza ( it would certainly be cheaper ) or not be so lazy and venture out a block or two to somewhere better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely baffled to see the lower rating . this was our go to restaurant since it was close to the sheraton and every single time we went the food was fantastic and plentiful . was my first time trying poutine ... .wow . the egg , salmon , and cream cheese frittata was delicious , along with the salad . great pizza , great service . met a great waitress by the name of sonya who was a fantastic waitress ... sweet and personable . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was staying at the best western and went to addies which is on the second floor of the hotel , we found the service and food to be excellent . the potato and french onion soups were delicious . this place is worth a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean establishment ! service was great ! food was delish and affordable for a downtown joint ! only downside is that this restaurant closes too early , especially on a friday . ( they close at 11pm everyday ) their pizzas are delish , burgers are juicy , chicken wings were small but they give you 8 pieces which compensates ... lastly , im not a fry or poutine person and i loved my fries ... . im actually considering trying their poutine next time around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in a for a couple of beers and an app or two . place ok. prices were in line with the other pubs in town . we opted out of the apps as we did n't see anything that looked that good . i 'd go back for dinner , some of the choices looked real good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely coming back here next time i visit vegas . the food is really good . favorite so far is the pad se ew and crab ragoons . i want to try the pad thai next time . their thai tea and korean orange juice is really good too . i also loved the service . very friendly and welcoming . made me feel like i was right at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! the drunken noodles were excellent , and the crab rangoon was awesome . and the staff were incredibly friendly . this will definitely be my thai place of choice when in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an awesome place ! really enjoyed the service and food . my husband and i got spoiled at this place . got free appetizer and ice cream on the house . portion was great . flavor was on the point . my husband did not have to order extra rice . it was plenty of the food . we ordered green curry and sweet and chilli salmon . both were very good ! ! server sean was very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying customer service is excellent and the place has a great ambience . the food was delicious and i would definitely come back ! i highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ol\u00e8 and dao greeted us as we entered and sat us immediately . ol\u00e8 and dao took amazing care of us while we ate , the food was amazing , and the service was outstanding . it 's very modern on the inside and clean . the thai tea is to die for and the fried rolls are pretty amazing as well . we will be back to try the different items on the menu . thank you ol\u00e8 and dao for a wonderful meal and service ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from our server , ole , very clean & delicious thai cuisine ! ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great authentic thai food . service is also great . highly recommend if you 're looking for a great place to dine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best waiter i 've ever had , really kind and funny amazing food and beautifully decorated ! if you have not ate here and you love thai food , what are you waiting for ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty much everything in this place was pretty damn great . the service was good and because they just opened they brought us out alot of free stuff to try . they treated the missus an i like royalty . definetly a good date night spot , good ambience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service , food , and conversation with the waitress waiter was great . i came in for the lunch special , pad thai , and it was excellent ! ! ! ! will definitely come back ! ! ! inside is comfy and calm , not too big , not too small , very clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you must give this place a try ! it 's worth every penny and minute . from the exterior it looks like a closed hole in the wall restaurant , but once you walk in , the layout of the restaurant is refreshingly spacious . the customer sevice was completely gracious and kind ... excellent service . phoo was great ! i really appreciated the complimentary thai tea and traditional thai fruit drink he gave me . i ordered the sukiyaki soup which was ready before i knew it . the portion was way more than i expected . it was enough for two ! and it was sooo tasty ! the prices are so reasonable . i 'm so happy i found this restaurant . i 'll definitely be returning soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went last night & ordered take out . the food was really good . the portions are awesome . ole , the server , was really nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love thai food and have had the pleasure to dine in many vegas restaurants . we stopped in tonight , right after school and just before baseball as it 's down the street from rainbow family park . hands down , the best satay ever due to highly seasoned marinated meat , chunky homemade peanut sauce , and the best seafood po tak talay , which is a light seafood soup fragrant with galangal and lemongrass ( it 's not as piquant nor acidic as tom yum ) . and , it was chock full of mussels , clams , shrimp , squid , fish , and scallops . ( most places are stingy and use seafood as decoration . ) sean , our waiter , was awesome , very attentive and friendly . we received complimentary crab rangoon and samples of their homemade ice-creams : thai tea , green tea , and coconut . the owners are korean and own a cannery in alaska ; therefore , they have access to fresh seafood , but the cooks are all thai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super happy that i live right down the street from here . super good food , huge portions , and friendly staff . i always get the yellow curry and it 's a little more on the soupier side but soaks up in the rice really nicely . my boyfriend gets the lemon chicken and he 's said it 's the best chicken he 's had in a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had dinner here for the first time and it was delicious raw oysters and padtad with shrimp yellow curry awesome ! ! we well be back very nice server `` '' bo '' '' she was very nice ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has become my favorite thai restaurant in vegas recently ! ! ! the food was awesome . especially the pad thai is so good ! ! ! ! ! seafood curry is good too . for any person who is a fan of spicy food , it is a must try ( get the seafood curry with hot spiciness ) . also the service is extremely good friendly . i love the print on the wall . everything was perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic , food is amazing and the restaurant looks great ! ol\u00e9 i will be seeing you again ! got a seafood combo drunken noodle , it was incredible ! my new fav thai place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch was fantastic , the portions are big enough to fill you up . plus with main dish at luch you get salad and a choice of egg rolls or fried dumplings . we tried both and my advice : get dumplings , they are soooo good ! also we got complimentary lemonade . very friendly staff , excellent food . definitely we 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i just spent 2 months in thailand and coming here is just like being back in paradise . great food , great service , great big portions . highly recommended ! ole was our server and we loved him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to thai seafood ginger on a saturday night with a friend . i ordered the spicy seafood soup and i ca n't remember what she ordered , but it looked delicious ! the portion sizes were delightfully large so we had enough to take home for lunch the next day . we had a super kind server which made things even more awesome . the spicy seafood soup was delicious and flavorful . instead of rice , it came with noodles which was a pleasant surprise ! when you check in with yelp , there 's a offer for free ice cream . the thai tea flavor was heavenly . i will definitely go back again to try more items from the menu . perhaps the sukiyaki next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gentlemen ... got back hair ? need a wax of any sort ? this is the place to have it done . jill is wonderful . she will take care of any waxing need you may have . always very professional , courteous , and goes out of her way to ensure you feel comfortable from beginning to end of your desired treatment . if you 're man enough to to rid your body of unwanted hair - then look no further than wax appeal . thanks jill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill = so fun ! i had never had anything waxed before i visited today , so i was a little nervous . she made the whole process pretty laid back , and we had a good conversation . also , her prices are way better than anything else i could find ! finally , if you 're worried about it hurting , do n't be ! it tickles more than it hurts . : ) jill for president !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing aesthetician and person who takes very good care of her clients ! i 've been going to jill for about four years now and followed her to phoenix when she moved . whatever you 're having done is comfortable and easy and she uses excellent products which my skin handles well . and the conversation is always excellent ! office is very clean and spacious , you 'll be stoked you found this gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is amazingly talented and amazingly beautiful ! she is outstanding at creating the best brow for your face shape . unlike many estheticians , she will take the time to listen to your eyebrow desires and she works meticulously until she achieves the perfect pair of brows . she does not rush the process . so if you are feeling hesitant , please do n't ! i felt the same , but i promise it will be a very pleasant experience . you will feel like a million bucks afterwards !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy i found jill ! hands-down the best waxes i have ever received , and i 've gone to so many people ! my eyebrows are awful and she actually makes them look good . she is so patient , spends as much time as it takes , and makes sure you are happy and satisfied with the results before you leave . love the salon atmosphere too - super clean , nicely decorated , and it just feels so peaceful and relaxing in there . very affordable prices . go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is awesome ! this was my first time ever being waxed , so needless to say , i was nervous . jill fixed up my eyebrows quickly and they look amazing ! ! i will definitely come back to her next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is awesome ! very professional and does a great job ! very easy to make an appointment and location is easy access ! i will most certainly go back . her facility is a comfortable environment and she ensures you 're getting exactly what you want without the pressures and up sells of your typical day med spa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is the best ! i 've been getting my eyebrows waxed since i was 18 , & always went to nail salons wax & two years ago i met her & fell in love with my eyebrows for the first time she made them stunning & i 'm perfect shape . i followed her to phoenix , she 's the best ! i recommend her to everyone . i will be going to jill for the rest of my life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is fantastic ! she is very professional and is accommodating . she uses high quality products and is extremely knowledgable about this profession . i would not go anywhere else for waxing services . she has this client for life ! highly , highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found jill and my life has literally changed forever ! i am 55 and since i was 18 i have had an overgrowth of chin hair so much i had to pluck every day ! if i did n't pluck or shave , it looked as though i had a black smudge on my chin , i tried to cover it with make up but it always showed through . over the years i have tried electrolysis with minimal results and laser helped but not with the light hairs . we started with electrolysis and went at it rather aggressively . a year later , most of my chin hair was gone ! i never pluck any more and now i just go in every now and then for a maintenance appointment or wax . i am not kidding when i say this changed my life . jill is kind , professional , and extremely passionate about helping you get rid of unwanted hair . her studio is lovely , clean and easy to get to and her prices are so reasonable ! ! ! love you girl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is amazing , all these 5-star reviews are right on . her skill set is 2nd to none . her studio is clean and inviting . i have been seeing her for about 6 months and she has never been anything but ready and excited to wax my eyebrows . i have barely there blonde hairs and she managed to give me a beautiful even and noticeable shape . she is so easy to talk to and really keeps up with her customers . she accepts cash and credit card , it 's a breeze to rebook and she sends you a reminder text message about your appointment if you want it . such a huge difference from any nail place or chain waxing salon i 've been to in the area . go book with jill- she wo n't disappoint ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to arizona about a year ago . my waxer in california was fantastic and hard to live up to . it took me about 4 different ( not so great ) experiences to finally find jill . i 've been going to her for a couple of months now , and i do n't plan on looking anywhere else . i finally feel like i found what i was looking for ! she does a great job , makes me feel comfortable , always remembers what we 've talked about in previous visits and is flexible with scheduling . she 's awesome and i plan on sticking with her ! if you 're new to waxing , or you 've been doing it for years , jill will make you feel comfortable . studio is clean and welcoming . it 's all good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is the best ! today was my first visit with her . i went to see her to fix my brows . i was n't liking the way my current gal was leaving my brows . she made them look amazing ! definitely going back to see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen jill a couple of times and have loved both interactions . she does a great job waxing -- takes her time and makes sure the end result is perfect . plus she 's really nice . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill is awesome ! ! i originally found jill in tempe a couple years ago . i recently rediscovered her at her new shop in phoenix . she is the best aesthetician in town ! jill does amazing work , is super easy to reach to schedule appointments and the pricing is spot on . her business is very clean and she has cool pictures on the walls . in addition to her bomb waxing skills , jill is very personable and makes you feel comfortable . i highly recommend jill for all of your waxing needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only great things can be said about jill ! she is knowledgable , efficient , and really knows how to make you feel comfortable ! i 'm very pleased with how everything looks . her space is also really clean and private . this was my first experience with her , and i do n't plan on going anywhere else again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found jill based on other yelp reviews and i am so glad i did . i met her this morning for the first time and will definitely keep going to see her . i just moved to the area and have only had one person do my waxes for the last 20 years . needless to say i was nervous to find someone new . jill did a stellar job and is incredibly friendly . i am happy to give her 5+ stars and would highly recommend using her for your waxing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill @ wax appeal is amazing ! her professionalism , wax technique & charming new space is comfortable clean and very inviting for anyone , men included . i have been waxing for years & jill is at the top of her profession , you will not be disappointed ! she was flexible with my schedule and really appreciated it ! sharing her name with with friends & family will be easy . thanks jill : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love jill ! she knows what she is doing , asks all the right questions . i 've only been to her once and i felt so comfortable in the environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the way my eyebrows look when jill gets done shaping them . i originally met jill at her previous employment and was too chicken to ask where she went or how to contact her so i was so happy to find her thru google and yelp . her office is easy to find and her professionalism is excellent . i will continue to get waxed by her and enjoying my gorgeous brows .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved back to phoenix after having been gone for a dozen years and had to find someone new for my waxing needs ( shout out to calico at calico healthy skin and waxing in seattle ! ) . leaving someone you just love is really hard because no one can ever compare . well , jill was awesome . she was personable , joyful , professional , and all around great at her craft . it 's not often that you move to a new city and strike gold the first outing ... but i 'm here to tell you it happened . already made my next recurring appointment . happy happy joy joy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "look no further ! ! ! ! ! ! there is no one better . jill is absolutely amazing ! hands down the best aesthetician around ! she is an awesome person who is extremely confident in what she does ( as she should be ) . i first started going to jill about 2 years ago when she worked in tempe . i followed her to phoenix because she does a fabulous job . her place is extremely clean and welcoming . she has a real talent for making you feel comfortable which is a huge plus . i have definitely seen my fair share of aestheticians and have never been as satisfied as i am with jill and her work . her prices are also very good . go see jill at wax appeal . you will be happy you did ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to phoenix just over a year ago and i was lucky enough to find jill and wax appeal . she has done a great job with waxing for myself and my daughters ! ! she is friendly , kind and very knowledgeable.the salon is very clean , comfortable and relaxing . i am so grateful to have found her ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy that i found jill for my electrolysis needs . she is very professional , nice and she has a very flexible schedule . the environment is very clean and calming . i would highly recommend her services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so grateful that i stumbled upon wax appeal . i had my first appointment today with jill and she was awesome . she did a fantastic job on my eyebrows . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg . she 's amazing . she totally reshaped my brows , and was super sensitive to my skin , i found her on yelp and i 'll never go back to anyone else but her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had several bad experiences with facial waxing from burns to pencil thin eyebrows . i called last minute and jill got me in , not only that but she did an amazing job ! i hope to continue going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jill deserves more than five stars ! i found her when i got my first television gig , as i was in need of an eyebrow makeover since i am on camera so much ! she has made my eyebrows look flawless , as they were quite rough before since i would just do them myself . i will only trust her with my brows ! ! she is so efficient , talented , kind hearted and truly cares about me and my brows ! if you are thinking about going to her , do your eyebrows a favor and make an appointment ! you can thank me later !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this shop a lot . the selection is really good . the staff never really seems to interact with me though . non the less they have tons of merchandise , and that 's what it 's really all about anyway right ? check this place out . it 's worth the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is super cool ! ! ! owner is always friendly and fun to chat with about all things comics . i 've been getting my comics from pennyworth 's for about a year and half now . they 've never missed a single issue on my subscription list and they carry a nice stock of back issues and trade backs . this comic shop is still the best in charlotte . they might not be as big as some of the other shops in charlotte or have as large of a selection on hand ( however still a great selection of new and back issues ) but they more than make up for that with a fun environment to shop and chat comics and the best customer service a punk rocking , comic nerd could ever want ! ! ! long live pennyworth 's ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i do n't know that many comic book fans in charlotte , it 's always nice to have another comic book store just to browse and chat with the owner . i like asking different people how they feel about new series coming out . the store 's comics are well organized and it 's easy to stroll around the new release shelves . they have some pretty magnificent figurines and large scale sculptures as well . i 'm not a gamer but it looks like they host gaming as well from the large table in the back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would frequent this shop far more often if anyone there was interested in giving good customer service . i love how clean and organized the store is but they seem far more interested in your immediate purchase than building a relationship with you , which is one of the reasons i still go to comic shops . i could read everything i want online but i still pick up my books physical because i like the comic shop atmosphere and to talk to other comic book fans . not to be told i have buy bags and boards for old issues ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great store . the owners operate it and are very friendly . a great place to hang out and learn new things ... and read some .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good little shop . great collection and never had any trouble finding what i needed . highly recommend the shop if your in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! today i called in an order because i knew i would pass this on my way home . when i got there the cashier was apologizing about the short ribs ... he said some looked a little small . when i looked at it i was like omg ! this is more than enough for me . i ca n't even finish it ... and believe me i tried . i just found out they can customize combos for you which is great on days like today where i did n't know what to have ..chicken or beef ? it was so good and most important the rice and the macaroni salad tasted just right . the macaroni salad also comes with the combo . even though l & l is much closer to me i prefer this place because of the great service , the food tastes better and you get bigger portions.i also like that they have a variety of different desserts to choose from on a daily basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was thanksgiving day my gf and i were starving ! ! = ( we stumble upon this aloha island restaurant that made this cold weather feel more snuggly ! i was really surprised how fresh the food was thanksgiving day . i 'd fly back for some more macaroni if i can ! chicken katsu was too delicious ! definitely a fan of this place and they were really clean and accommodating to all my questions about how to food was prepared . the place gets a little bit busy sometimes but its well worth the wait . i would definitely come back to visit whenever i am in town again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough good things about this place , i just love going here . my favorite items are the chicken katsu ( best sauce in town ) , teri beef , loco-moco , grilled mahi , and mac salad of course . and not only is the food excellent , the staff is super friendly . many times i come in by myself , and they always manage to take the time to talk to me and make me feel like family ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like others have said , great hawaiian grindz in summerlin . like most places like this it 's cheap and you get a ton of food . the katsu is what i get probably 2 3 of the time or the chicken combo with katsu and bbq chicken . the mixed bbq plate is solid of course too . i have eaten at a half a dozen or so hawaiian places while i was looking around for a good one and this is it , i ca n't really imagine what a place could do to be better , maybe just as good i guess . once in a while i venture out and try a new place and i am usually disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place deserves 10 stars ! the food is to die for ! they have the best loco moco in town ! all the food is filled with amazing flavor ! they have the best macaroni salad in history ! the prices are very reasonable too . the customer service beats every other establishment out of the water ! they truly care about their customers and want to ensure the best possible experience . you have got to check this place out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the loco moco ( rice , egg , hamburger patty an brown gravy ) it also came with mac salad . the burger patty tasted homemade very good . the gravy was also v good . i also had a spam musubi it was solid . everything was good but did not blow me away . if i was in the area would not hesitate to stop by .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chicken katsu ! im giving this place a four stars cause of the katsu . thats the only thing i got here so far ! ! lol but the chicken katsu is super soft and yummy ! better than l & l and aloha kitchens.. good job ! i live like 5 min from this place so i should try out other things from here : ] i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the spam and eggs with the sausage and gravy was really good . the chicken katsu plate was huge . the portion size was awesome . over all i had a good experience . i would definitely go again . and again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local-style hawaiian grindz in summerlin ? yup ! i 've been loving the katsu from this place since they were at their original location on sahara and maryland parkway . everything that we have tried so far has been great . the katsu is a perfect blend of juicy and crunchy and their katsu sauce is my absolute favorite . the bar b q beef is juicy and not dry . unlike other hawaiian places , they do n't need to compensate for mediocre food by over-marinating . other favorites include : - portugese sausage musubi - bbq chicken musubi - curry katsu - and of course , their authentic hawaiian cakes imported direct from mike 's bake shop in waianae ! ! ! they do n't always have the cakes , but when they do , you had better grab one . as a matter of fact , we have a fresh dobash in the fridge right now and i hear the milk just calling my name . i 'll get back to you guys later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "off the beaten path of the vegas strip lays this cute and delicious hawaiian bbq place in summerlin ! their chicken katsu is one of the best ones i 've had by far . the katsu had the perfect combination of crunchiness to juiciness . their grilled chicken had excellent flavor . do n't forget to pick up some dessert ! the chantilly coco puffs are a must . excellent food , superb prices & awesome staff , what more could you ask for ! ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out since it got a good review ... ehh overall it was okay . i ordered the shaka box which had a slice of spam , teriyaki chicken , teriyaki beef , and a mahi mahi . the amount of food was a lot , so of course i could n't finish it ( leftovers for work ) . the place is small so if you have a big group of people order take out . prices are not bad at all for the amount of food you get . the combo i got was only $ 7.95 . the spam musubi was $ 2.15 for one , which is a big size for a spam musubi . however , it was ridiculously packed with too much rice . yes i know it 's suppose to be like that but seriously you could n't really taste the spam .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to many hawaiian style bbq grills , and this one is very very good . kal bi and katsu mix plate is my favorite , servings are huge and the staff is friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is accurate , fast and friendly . the garlic shrimp is one of the best i ever tasted ! my family loves the kalua pig and kalbi . the mac salad is soooo ono ! price is about the same as the rest of the hawaiian places . small seating area , so be sure to claim a table quickly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delish hawaiian food ! the grilled island chicken was delicious , with the exception that it was very greasy . they give you an insanely huge amount of food here , so be prepared to have leftovers ! the combo plates are enough to feed 2-3 people , depending on appetite . a ways off the strip , though , but so worth the drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a respectable indian restaurant on one of the most vibrant streets in edinburgh - lothian road . the restaurant 's owner , running also annapurna and saffrani veg businesses , declares that club india brings the traditional way of cooking indian dishes where the emphasis is not on the heat but on the spices . the menus encompass , veg , chicken , lamb , fish and bread selection . its tandoori list is not so big but its fine selection is so savoury . service is one of the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on the site of the former great wall , this indian restaurant is a welcome addition to lothian road . it is bright airy & the decor very modern . we were a table of four and we ordered poppadoms as a starter , they came with a lovely tray of pickles and chutnies . i had the lamb ogan josh which was tasty but qute hot . the other ladies ordered chicken dishes , one of which was decribed as hot and we were n't dissappointed ! naan bread was light and crispy & the rice cooked beautifully . the food was delicious , the service outstanding and we were given a taste of the daily specialon the house ! prices were reasonable & the house wine very palatable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i endured a buffet lunch at the club india on lothian rd . edinburgh . the food was pathetic , most eateries use the lunch as an inviting picture of what could be had if you go for dinner , but club india destroy this conception . with two meat and two veg mains , nothing else , some naan bread for 50p a tiny round . service was adequate and decor not to shabby , but these are to be expected as this is fairly new . i fully understand why they have put up there prices , as no one goes . lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't normally write reviews for fast food , but this particular branch really needs one just to let everyone know that this place is n't just a `` dairy queen '' , it 's a `` dairy queen restaurant '' . it really stands out because they have burgers , fries , hotdogs , and all that junk we all love . is it just me who 's impressed coz i do n't see this kinda thing often . so if anyone out there is saving money and wants to fill their daily calorie intake in one meal , this is the place to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every once in awhile i end up at dk ... not sure why . the fries are meh ... the cheeseburgers are ok . this time they had some new slushie drinks - i tried the pina colada one . it was ok . the combo deal cost me $ 8 . so many better things to buy with $ 8 ... that 's a goldmine in the dollar store ! i wish i could have picked up some of their ice cream bars but i was in a rush from lunch and i think unless they are having a sale the prices are now ridiculous for those dilly bars ... or whatever they are called now", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not much variety , slow service , but i love dq . that 's the only reason they got three stars , but location deserves no star", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered online for store pickup , received a conformation number time for pick up via email , went to pick up items , gave drivers license and conformation number and no one knew anything about it , the associate i was dealing with just walked away handing me off to another employee . went through the same thing again with no success . i looked around the store and actually found what i was looking for , without the help of any staff , and walked up to the checkout line , there were cashiers behind checkout , they were talking about one of the cashiers golf stance positions , he had a club in hand , and totally ignored me . i set the items on the counter and said , that 's ok , i 'll shop elsewhere . they laughed as i walked out and went on my way to dicks sporting goods . lesson learned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor customer service . never going to shop there again . i felt unwelcomed by this associate . i was just trying out some drivers using those screen thing and this associate came by and put a 'closed ' sign kicking us out . maybe he thought i was not going to buy anything or maby i didnt look wealthy enough to play golf . but they should not treat customers based on how they look .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to golfsmith today for a new set of irons . staff was very nice and had great suggestions . they did n't pressure me to get anything out of budget and were easy to work with . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just read golfsmith is in bankruptcy . good ! this usd to be a great business , but somewhere along the line they got the big head and decided customer service was n't worth the effort . quit shopping there several years ago because as you may or may not realize . we have choices in this country .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been seeing dr roland sparling for ten years . that says plenty . his medical assistants are wonderful and understanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second visit to this place and i have now waited a total of about 3 1 2 hours even though i had a specific appointment time . i just do n't understand how you have an appointment time but have to sit and wait over an hour every time i go to the dr. mtime to find a new dr for my family", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so sick of the front desk staff here . i 've had my appointment rescheduled 3 out of the last 5 times . two of those times i was not even notified , and took time off work to go there . i doubt i would have been notified this time if i had n't called . dr sparling was my favorite doctor i 've had in a while . it 's too bad his staff ca n't get its stuff together . this never happened at his old location . do n't know what changed but i 'll be finding a more reliable place . ugh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with the previous yelp up to a point - yes the shoes are amazing , and yes they are pretty , but they are expensive and often give me blisters ! it 's the sort of place that you buy shoes to wear to an occassion , or pair of black boots . you know , staple items that will provide dedicated service all year round . but it 's the price that puts me off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good quality of footwear , staff are very friendly we took daughter for her first pair of boots , ca n't fault them at all recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a shoe person at all but i think i 'm in love with this store ! i 'll get it out of the way and say it 's one of the more expensive shoe shops on princes ' street ! however , the quality written all over the shoes speaks for itself . you find men 's and women 's shoes , sandals , boots , pumps , brogues ... if you 're ever for a loss at what to at around midnight , head over to the store where the shoes at wonderfully lit in all their glory for some late night window shopping . the staff ( meaning the one lady i spoke to a few weeks ago ) is extremely friendly , and the store is so large and glitzy you might be tempted to buy something you may not really be able to afford !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "russell and bromley are luxury shoes at their best . beautiful , classic and timeless , this footwear is pricey but you can be sure that you are getting fantastic quality and longevity for your money ! the handbags are simply beautiful too , with clean lines and sumptuous leather quilting which rivals any mulberry bag i have ever seen . the bags range from around \u00a3100-\u00a3300 , depending on size , but my favourite is the quilt trim shopper at \u00a3145 , not too bad at all for a bag which will grow old with you ! well worth saving up your pennies for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "russel and bromley is one of the most expensive shoe shops in edinburgh . they have mens , womens and childrens shoes ( the childrens are upstairs ) . i have a few pairs of shoes out of here and they are amazingly comfortable . they also have a good selection of handbags and shoecare accessories .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "russell and bromley shoes are delicious , absolutely perfect in every way . the materials are always excellent quality , the shoes always have an elegant shape and their styles are always miles ahead of other high street shoe shops . my mum bought a pair of russell & bromley shoes in the year dot and she used to wear them all the time about 15 years ago . when she was having a clear out my beady little eyes fixed upon them and my shoe-dar went crazy . they 're beautiful and thankfully she gave them to me , result . i went through a phase of wearing them on pretty much every night out and i still ca n't believe how good condition they are considering their age and how well worn they are . russell bromley shoes are quite pricey but for quality like that it is true that you get what you pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "russell and bromley is an upmarket shoe store found on princes street . they sell shoes for women , men and children . i have never bought childrens shoes from here but i know many people who recommend them and they take great care in measuring and fitting childrens shoes . staff are always very helpful and will go and find you the right size or another style . they have a good range of shoes for all tastes . prices are probably more expensive than your average shoe shop but they do have some really nice shoes . as well as shoes i have also bought some of their shoe care range and insoles too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "empty restaurant on a saturday night in vegas . highly suspect . our waiter introduces himself and explains that the restaurant is tapas-style chinese cuisine . in order to properly feed our group of 10 , we would have to order 2 of everything . the culprits : baby back ribs w honey tamarind glaze ( $ 10 ) . these were ok . nothing special . spicy thai shrimp with garlic basil lettuce wraps ( $ 10 ) . a little too salty for our liking . calamari w serrano peppers ( $ 15 ) : this was probably one of my favorites . crispy with some heat to it . lemon chicken ( $ 21 ) : pass ... pass ... pass . lastly my other favorite of the evening was steak served over grilled rice ( similar to grilled onigiri ) . delicious . overall , the food was just ok. for the price that we paid per item , i expected better . service could also have been better . considering the restaurant was empty , you 'd expect more attention from your server .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very pricey considering the amount of food you get and the quality . located in a rather out-of-the-way section of palazzo , i was drawn to it simply by hunger and a discount coupon . be prepared to be taken aback by the menu prices . the martinis start at $ 14 . having more money than sense , i got the wootini . i do n't recommend that one at all since it tasted like lemon pledge . maybe i should n't have chosen my main entrees after being doused by a martini , but i took a leap and chose the peking duck profiterole . i have no idea what a profiterole is . when the food came out ( service was commendably quick ) , it was simply a sliced rolled-up duck with hoisin sauce , green onions , and bleached white bun . the entire thing was delicious with the duck having a good balance between fat and crunchiness .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't expect too much from this place , but we were hungry chinese food was our choice . however , i was pleasantly surprised . the service was decent , but the food was surprisingly one of the best chinese food i 've had in awhile . the black cod miso is a must try . for the meat lovers , try the kalbi rib eyes . the sauce was just right and the meat , while a bit rare , was prepared perfectly . we liked the chinese chicken salad so much we ordered another one . good job woo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woo has made me think twice before ever screaming `` woo hoo '' ever again because of bad association . the only positive thing i can say is that the cocktails are pretty kick ass . the food was super meh and pretty salty . nothing was outstanding at all . the service was definitely lacking . the place was pretty empty on a friday night ( that should have told us something ) , but our service was pretty spacey and our waiter left for the night and did n't put in half our order ! then , i had to send the bill back , not once , not twice , but three times because we were charged double for some things re had to re-order . but did it come out correctly the third time ? nooooo ! so i just did something i hate to do , but leave less than the total bill plus tip . oh well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "small restaurant tucked into the palazzo.. hugeeeeeeeeeee round tables ... its a good place to eat when you need to hurry up . which we did.. crazy people we are.. but yes.. my bf is picky on how food is made.. he 's pretty much a foodie chef type.. and he liked it.. any place my bf likes ... will do ... asian restaurant with a hide out.. the wondow faces the wynn hotel ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glorified beef teriyaki . small portions . enormous price . waiters were friendly . only went there because i got $ 30 off from my stay package . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where to begin . well , this place is empty normally and i understand . but it is good food . one tidbit . a lot of the portions are small . especially the appetizers . i had duck , tofu and crab and each portion small . but wonderfully prepared and presented . the edamame was the best . how do you make edamame better ? check out woo . there are for those like the negative reviewers found.. are deals here but you got ta know where they are ! grr . the lemon chicken . enough to feed two people . the steak ... enought to feed two people . alcohol yes is expensive but welcome to the palazzo . but give this place a chance . especially if you want a quiet romantic meal . this place has the atmosphere and charm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great lunch here when we first got in . i had the shrimp salad and it was delicious , the dressing was amazing ! i also had one if the shrimp lettuce wraps and it was amazing as well . the service was great too . hopefully i 'll get to come back here and vegas soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not what it was all cracked up to be . tuna tartar - tasted like the spicy tuna in sushi rolls , not impressed black cod in miso - it was good and tasty , did not stick out too much for me . kalbi rib eye - the pan fried rice ball on the bottom of the entree was delicious and teh sauce was good . it was typical average . all in all..everything was good , but average ... nothing to special that you ca n't get at any other asia restaurant on spring mountain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't like the food . i had the pan seared tuna and the grilled salmon ... it was forgettable . i went to woo because i could use my resort credit from the venetian , but i know i wo n't ever return . i much prefer zine , which is also in the palazzo . the food and prices at zine are better . woo was such a disappointment !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed woo . amazing service ( we did go early and were one of a few parties in the restaurant ) and very very good food . they had a few money saving drink specials that were not on the menu that added to this pleasant experience . never been to tao so maybe that is better , but with the hotel 's coupon it was a great meal . i would give a try for yourself ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fusion this ! how many scallops in the appetizer , my friend asked . oh , four or five . well , let 's try that ! she forgot to say four or five slices . it was one damned scallop ! portions tiny . salt & pepper squid , okay . i have traveled pretty extensively , and never had duck sauce served with a pepper to kill . all small portions . good luck with the spotty and a little rude service by the hostess . waitress was trying but she was only one for eight lunch tables . vegas not doing well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there for dinner right after we landed in vegas . the menu can be a little confusing at first since it does not follow the conventional categories , but the waiter was very helpful in explaining the menu and portion size of each category . all dishes were well presented , which was a huge plus - the chef obviously puts in the effort in preparing the food . the food was tasty and had good texture , although most of the sauces used could be a bit citrusy . the service was excellent at woo 's ( might have something to do with the fact that it was rather empty when we dined there ? ) - the staff refill your water constantly and puts fresh plates on your table every course . so if you are in the mood for some refreshing ( healthy ) asian cuisine , go for woo 's : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zero stars = total rip-off ! decor and ambiance just so-so . service is only average ; staff seemed inexperienced ( not counting stints at mcdonald 's or burger king ) . make sure you have eaten and stopped by an atm before your arrival . menu and items are all way over priced , portions are ultra-tiny . the roaches in this place are fed better than the patrons . the single scallop they used to construct an appetizer seemed to be formed using a surgical laser which yielded 6 slices the thickness of a human hair .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was okay . sort of expensive . ambience was blah . sort of dead on a friday night . the bar next door was packed though ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i received a comped meal here from the venetian . i was not easily impressed by this place . since it was a comped meal , i received a prix fixe menu and the options were blah . it seemed like expensive chinese food and who pays for that . it was so bad that i ended up booking a reservation at lotus of siam ( off the strip ) . definitely not fine dining or a place to get a free meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'll start with the pros for woo : the decor is amazing , and the service is wonderful . the biggest negative is the food ... it was very mediocre and unnecessarily expensive . i had the lemon chicken which was decent and unimpressive . if you have a coupon or some other sort of discount , go , otherwise check out another place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was fantastic ! ! my gf said it was the best black cod that she has ever tasted ! i forgot what was the name of entree dish that i had but i remember it was ahi tuna with some kind of sweet sauced rice . definitely 5 stars on the food itself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the cod in a lemon garlic sauce . the cod was lightly cooked to create a very light crisp shell and very soft on the inside . there was no hint any fish taste which was welcomed . the side of asparagus and enoki mushroom marinated in the lemon garlic sauce was very good as well . the portion size of the cod was as expected . the main dish was served a la carte so i ordered a side of brown rice which arrived in a bowl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popped in on a sunday night because we had a $ 30 off $ 60 from the package we booked at the venetian . overall , the staff was very nice and helpful and the food was good but nothing spectacular . we had a couple cocktails , some edamame , the bacon-wrapped shishito peppers , the honey-tamarind glazed ribs , lemon chicken , and the rock shrimp tempura . that kind of sounds like a lot of food , but the portions are pretty small . again , the food was good ... just good . i do n't have anything bad to say about my meal here but i do n't have anything particularly glowing to say either . i probably would n't go back but i would n't discourage anyone from trying it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the interior was very pretty w a nice view of the wynn.mama woo was working the kitchen ... the restaurant was not that packed ... oh & the sign outside is really small so it might be hard to recognize . there were some tasty dishes , but the portions were very small ! ! ! i was kinda disappointed after hearing so much about the mayflower ( their long running first location in vegas ) alittle too fusion chinese for my cup of tea~ !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ambiance was nice . service was nice . drinks were good . i had a green tea martini , pricey at $ 15 but normal for vegas . food was ... '' ok '' . way too pricey for what you are getting . we left hungry . i would n't go back to eat a meal but would go back for drinks appetizers if nothing else was open .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was excellent . i was lucky enough to eat here while staying at the palazzo and i 'm glad that i did . i 'm a big chinese food fan , so it made sense for me to try this out . i had the pot stickers and the chicken chowmein and it was great . what i liked about the chowmein was that the noodles were n't too thick and heavy but thin and tasty . the service and ambiance of this restaurant made the dining experience even more enjoyable . i was definitely impressed . i never thought that it would be possible to have upscale chinese food but i was proven wrong . i will definitely be paying a trip back here with i 'm in vegas again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and atmosphere at woo are miserable . all the food was underseasoned , overcooked and gross . the tuna tartar was just chopped tuna with no seasoning . when we asked for some soy sauce , they gave us the chinese kind , when it was obviously a more japanese inspired dish . the sizzling beef plate was ordered medium and came chewy and well done with no seasoning . with so many restaurants in vegas , do n't waste your time and $ here . it 's expensive for below avg food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "woo at palazz-it has closed , saddening a cadre of loyal patrons from vegas and far flung destinations . i was privileged with a dining experience on their last day . thank you tony woo and ensemble for the tasteful setting , perfectly prepared food , and personable , knowledgeable service . it was the best . good fortune in your next venture !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally made it to woo and had a pleasant lunch here . it 's a shame that the place was practically empty ( why ? ) and had it been bustling , the atmosphere would have been greatly improved . the decor is contemporary and has all the potential , heck the food is pretty good too-not sure what the problem is . we ordered a bunch of small plates : duck profiteroles-the bun was like an actual profiterole or cream puff and it would have been much better on a traditional chinese steamed bun , hot and sour soup , honey tamarind glazed baby back ribs ( yummy ) , grilled rib eye & vermicelli noodle salad with spicy cilantro dressing ( ok ) , and yelowtail sashimi with serrano and cilantro ( very good ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my friend brought me here , and my only regret is that i live too far away to return . my favorites were the chicken ravioli ( interesting twist to an italian dish ) and black cod miso ( delicious ) . the service was excellent , and it was nice to chat with the manager and chef , owners of this family run restaurant . the quality of the food , service and hearing how the members of this family are all involved in the operation of this restaurant make it a five-star restaurant for me . p.s . -- if you 're going to see jersey boys , it 's only a 5 minute walk from the theater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sucks . way overpriced , way underflavored , way unoriginal . do n't even bother with the coupon from the hotel and if you 're craving chinese , forget it and find a new craving . we had 5 dishes , the salmon and black cod had the same sauce with no flavor and too much corn starch and 3 dishes had the same garnish ( they put asparagus on everything ) . the noodles in the chicken chow mein might as well have been top ramen and just 'cause you put enoki mushrooms on something does n't make it asian . oh yeah , and do n't even bother trying to figure out their `` suggestions '' for appropriate portioning for your party size ... they 're just going to tell you you need to buy two of everything you want ( and everything 's already $ 15- $ 35 ! ! ! ! ) do n't forget the $ 4 for a bowl of stupid rice ? ! ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we picked woo due to a $ 30 off coupon with our particular promo at the venetian and it turned out to be a great meal . the service is friendly ( mrs . woo was standing at the expo window and greeted us with a big smile ) and the dining room is nice , with windows overlooking wynn and encore . it is a little pricey , for chinese food ( it 's really more asian fusion ) , but the quality is very good . the hot and sour soup was just okay , not sour enough for my liking , but the egg roll and potsticker apps were fantastic . additionally , my scallop entree was amazing - big , juicy pan fried scallops and asparagus in a light but pungent brown sauce . woo would n't be my first choice for dining in the palazzo and venetian , but i would certainly go there again if someone suggested it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our service was just not what i expected from a las vegas eatery . even though it was new year 's eve , the restaurant was n't busy . there was no reason our apps should have outpaced our very simple drinks we ordered . there were at least two instances where someone took my drink order , and then i never saw he or she again -- and certainly did n't receive my drinks . the dishes were edible , far from memorable -- definitely not worth the price . i seriously doubt this place will be open in a year . save your money and go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we arrived here on a saturday night after making a reservation and still had to wait 1 2 hour for our table . when we finally did sit , there were empty tables everywhere . the waitress introduced herself and then left for 10 minutes without taking a drink order . i ordered a hot and sour soup with the lobster entree . the soup was great , but the lobster was just ok. definitely not worth $ 40 . they forgot a few of our orders and took literally 15 minutes to run the credit card . i definitely wo n't be returning", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only a semi-woo for woo restaurant ! the concept is pretty neat : chinese fusion with smaller plates , tapas-style . you got ta share dishes to enjoy it . luckily , i took a bunch of customers out to woo , so we were able to order a lot and try a lot . i enjoyed the honey tamarind glazed ribs , yellowtail , seared tuna , and lobster tail . the food is a bit bland in general though . maybe they wanted to cater to tourists not used to real asian food . the location decor was a bit disappointing . you 'd think that being in the lovely palazzo , it would be awesome . but the place is hidden in a corner on the 2nd floor of a really quiet shopping area . so i guess i 'm thinking you could do much better than woo . it is an a-ok place , do n't get me wrong . it 's just that you 'd expect things to be super swanky or unique in vegas , and woo just was n't enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so at first i would say it 's a little over-priced but then after today i guess i can see why you pay $ 12 for a gyro salad . the salad was fresh and delicious . the dressing was to die for which makes me wonder if their greek fries are yummy too ? the tzatziki sauce , while a little too much dill ( for my taste ) was creamy and had pieces of fresh cucumbers in it . salad - fresh romaine , tomatoes ( fresh ) , green peppers , cilantro ( fresh ) , olives - yum . the lamb was tender and tasty and so was the pita bread that accompanied the salad . on a previous occasion i had ordered the gyro lunch which was n't quite as good . fries were kind of cold . i 've never been inside so ca n't comment on the dining area staff . i would go back for that yummy gyro salad in a heart beat though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so far , so good ! this is the place to eat at when you 're trying to sober up , from a night of drinking , lol , their fries are plain , the gyros are good , nothing special , on the plus , they 're open late so we can always get our gyro fix when we crave them , oh and love that they have drive thru !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , it is fast food greek food , not gourmet , people ! it 's not the fastest ; they do cook it all right when you order it ... at least what i order best blt in town . awesome hummus . i do n't like lamb but i do love their lambchops ! my only 2 gripes are the pitas are pre-packaged and in obvious view and the makeshift menu in the drive through that is broke 1 3 of the time . and the employees could be a touch more happy . not sure what it is , but i do n't think i 'd ever want to actually eat in , but it 's not stopping me from the drive through . i 'd recommend adding a drink the the meal deals . because , although it 's greek food , $ 10-15 a meal justifies only a couple of visits per week versus daily . good luck mad greek", "score": "4"}
{"review": "much better than the ones in primm and baker , the mad greek cafe attempts to satisfy the greek craving and to some extent it succeeds . many of the options taste very good . i think what keeps this restaurant from jumping to the next level is 1 ) there are way too many menu items and no restaurant can make that many items equally tasty . the non-greek items are often made with a greek spice or flavor much to the dismay of the children eaters . 2 ) the service is inconsistent . while the manager ( perhaps owner ) knows what he is doing , the waitresses often do not even know all the menu items or what item can be substituted for what item . still , we have never had a bad meal . also , they have live music on certain days which looks like it might be fun . we have n't made it there yet though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent falafel , but the sphere-shaped balls were overcooked and the tahini sauce needed some more sesame flavor because it tasted like something that holds bricks together . i think falafel is usually served with the other sauce - tzitiachi or whatever they call it . excellent rice pilaf for $ 2 extra , instead of fries and huge sandwich for 7 bucks . drive through audio needs work as girl could n't understand my menu question . drive through for a greek joint is a good thing though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here with a freebie gyro coupon , and i must say it was way bigger than expected , not dry and the yogurt sauce was tasty , but wish i had a little more , as i ate half and save half for the next day , with no sauce : ( . yes the average cost for a gyro is $ 7-8 , which is about right ... and service was fast and friendly ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i 'm in vegas i go here for either lunch or dinner . the gyro 's are the best ever ! ! ! the lunch meals are super cheap you just got ta try this place you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this location for the first time today for lunch . i had the mad greek salad ; my two co workers had the kefta plate and the mad greek chicken . i tried a bit of both , and they tasted delicious ! my pita bread with the salad was very soft and fluffy . i think it 's a bit over-priced for lunch , but i would definitely come back ! oh , and they take telephone orders , so you do n't have to wait at the drive-thru !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is closed..it 's too bad , we enjoyed eating there and enjoyed listening tongary columbo sing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sub par food . waiting time is terrible , did n't get drinks for 30 min and food for like 1 1 2 hours . just cause there 's a party going on does n't mean you ignore your other customers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast food version of mad greek on sahara and durango . best appetizers such fried artichokes , wrapped grape-leaves , shrimp crab puffs . clean and beatiful . try fried artichokes with cucumber sauce", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the mad greek in baker , , the one here off rainbow , , not so much ... . gyro is ok nothing special , better than gyro time but not by much ... . skip this one , , get the one in baker , , a special treat if you make that drive to la ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horribly overpriced poor greek food . i have been to every greek restaurant in town and this is by far the worst . save your money and time , eat anywhere else but here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ate here yesterday for a quick after work late lunch . my coworker had a 20 percent off coupon . i ordered a gyro sandwich and instead of rice or fries i wanted a salad . i was charged $ 7 for a side salad substitution . annoying ! along with a bottle of water my bill with the coupon was $ 13 ! a bit pricey for lunch . food was too salty . did n't finish most of it . i asked for a sprite on way out . as i was driving my sprite leaked . cheap cups , my beverage seeped through . go to mad greek on sahara and durango if u wan na go to a mad greek . they have happy hour from 11 to 7 and their patio is great !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by on a whim ... this will be our `` go to '' place for greek . zaziki was incredible and the gyros were awesome ! the portions are very generous , the selection fantastic and the atmosphere is everything you like about a slightly over the top greek restaurant . bring your appetite ! our server was very fun and informative , making it an overall wonderful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here for lunch one day and the food was pretty good . it does n't seem like much when you drive by ( and if you know the area there have been many things in there over the years ) , but this is a nice little place . the only problem we had was when we went there on a return trip , after they brought us all our food , they realized they forgot one of the orders in our group . because we were on a time constraint , that person did n't get to eat and was bitter ( which i understand why ) . that was the only bump in the road that we have encountered . basically , it 's a nice little place that is n't extremely large but has decent food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , great prices . definitely a hidden gem worth checking out . many different options for sandwiches and wraps with healthy options for those of us who care . amazing what you can find when you are from our of town and lost . definitely worth the stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! perfect location for me , healthy & tons of options and very friendly . i got the buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries . delicious . i ca n't wait to try a smoothie . will certainly return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on the hunt for delivery on lunch and realized everything that delivers in north hills was a bunch of pizza and other unhealthy crap . i 've passed the grill many times so i decided to order there since they had healthy options ! i got the buffalo chicken salad wrap along with a cup of soup ( it looked like a quinoa chili ? ) . i 'm very particular about my wraps , and theirs was delicious ! they used real grilled chicken , not questionable breaded meat , and their veggies were super fresh . the chili was delicious too ! plus - their delivery is free ! there are n't many healthy delivery options , but this is definitely one of you 're looking for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! there were 3 of us in our party and we all tried different menu items . the smoothies were delicious ... not overly sweet . we tried the mango cream , island strawberry , and green mango . potato soup was very flavorful . we also ordered chicken quesadillas , chicken+feta+apple+cranberry wrap , sweet potato fries , cheese steak sandwich with regular fries . everything was delicious and beautifully presented . i was n't a real fan of the styrofoam serving containers since we were eating there ... felt a bit too casual ... but otherwise the experience was great and we will definitely return . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after passing by this place , i finally stopped in . food is good , fresh , and fast . ca n't wait to try more things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great food and extremely friendly service . our meals were excellent and prepared quickly . the handcut fries were the real deal and crispy and hot ! lots of menu choices and we will definitely be back to try them all !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for a late ( ish ) dinner last tuesday . loved the casual atmosphere , and obviously freshly made food . my wife had the reuben , and i had the caesar chicken wrap with sweet potato fries . we left full , and happy ! it 's a great option for those looking for lighter , healthier but tasty fare . the prices are reasonable , and the service is better than most places in the area . it 's great to see a smaller , local business produce a good product , and i hope they remain in business for years to come !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent sandwiches , salads , and soup . it 's amazing one guy in the back can make all this great food . highly recommended . check them out . oh , they make very good smoothies with fresh ingredients . you get a discount if you add it to your sandwich . these fries are excellent as well , both regular and sweet potato .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband i i went in for the first time a week ago . i ordered the fajitas and my husband ordered a burger . the fajitas were good and i got a ton of food so much so that i was n't able to finish most of my fries . my husbands burger was a good size but he informed me that it did n't have much flavor . i ca n't wait to go back and try a wrap and a smoothie . so it 's a good place to get a good meal for a good price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what ppl are saying about the service , my girlfriend and i stopped in and the owner was cool as s # t. the food was awesome and came quickly . plus there are n't many places where you can get a burger and fries and a humus wrap in the same joint . enough said", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seriously love this place . the food is amazing and geared more towards healthy eating . not completely but just enough . the smoothies are delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i generally am disappointed by the quality of food in the pittsburgh area but i have found north hills little hidden gem . great fresh food . i have eaten here numerous times so far and am very impressed . nothing i have had is frozen or from a bag . i love their steak sandwich . i was shocked to find it was real steak . i have also had their crab cake sandwich . it had lots of crab and very little filler . delicious ! ! ! their salads are very fresh and not lacking in the taste department . i would def recommend this place for a good bite to eat . serving sizes are huge and prices are very reasonable for what you get too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious . have gone many times and yet to be disappointed . the fries are amazing . only suggestion is do not get the fries to go because they get soggy in the to-go container ( as any fries would ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here today for a late lunch . had the cajun sandwich and their fresh-cut fries . wow ! everything was great . the sandwich was flavorful and the fries were fresh , hot and delicious ! the service was prompt and helpful . will for sure be back ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge assortment of healthy , tasty food . free wifi . fair prices . friendly staff . recommend this for anybody passing through north hills , or makes a great excuse to go to the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really unassuming place , where you literally just drive up to the door and walk in . but the food and smoothies ( ! ) are pretty awesome , at least beyond my own expectations . we had a steak fajita as well as a pittsburgh salad with chicken . interestingly , they actually turned out to be pretty similar in terms of contents , with a lot of the same vegetables . the raspberry vinaigrette dressing and salsa , both of which were great complements , differentiated the two . the accompanying fries were crispy and well done , and portion sizes were huge . finally , the smoothies were so tasty and creamy , all made from scratch with lots of real fruit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in the area for lunch and decided to give it a try . i 'm glad i did ! i had the black bean burger with quinoa salad and a drink . it was $ 9 and was fresh and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good fresh food ! worth trying we will be going back very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance and i were very impressed with jeremy 's pictures from his website . we were excited he was n't booked on our date and decided to get what we considered a professional photographer . i deeply regret hiring jeremy . he offended many guests at my wedding , was unprofessional and returned my pictures unedited . i would not recommend him to anyone . i was extremely unhappy with how my pictures turned out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just had my budoir photo shoot and i am sooo excited to get the final results ! ! he took a few pictures on my phone so i had a few `` sneak peaks '' and wow , i am already blown away . i got these as a gift for my boyfriend for his birthday , but i have to say they are just as much for me as they are for him . i would highly recommend jeremy to any woman wanting to feel sexy , liberated and beautiful in their own skin . he made me feel extremely comfortable and i brought a friend with me too , we had so much fun ! ! ! i would definitely do this again ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived in this complex since 1998 and have been through a number of management companies . current management has been underwhelming to say the least . they have changed the front gate entrance from card keys to a numerical code and everyone has the exact same code , not very secure . they have made the process of picking up a package from the office more difficult than it needs to be and i have been waiting for maintenance to come fix the toilet in my bathroom which is unusable for almost four hours . not holding out much hope that they will show up today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dog poops every where on the ground . it was like all the grass were covered with it so toddlers ca n't play or they 'll get poop all over themselves when they fall on the grass . gross ! ! ! management are not approachable you ca n't get help from them . they make you feel like a burden when you ask for it . then when it comes to payment they are on it ! ! ! help.. your on your own ! ! money they get all of it ! ! save yourself a headache and move somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved it here when i first moved in . the lack of attention and timely response from management is ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved on this property november 1st and i have to say i was a little nervous reading some of the post ally and brenda were wonderful and the property is very clean lot of green grass i sit out on my patio there 's a beautiful tree in front of it and one of my favorite things is to watch the children play and hear them laugh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best places i have lived by far . would absolutely recommend to fellow people i know moving to nevada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the back of my car wrapped and they did a fantastic job . from the design phase to the final product ... professional through and through . i will use them again for my second vehicle and any other print work i might need . drop and and see what they have to offer . a true asset to the west valley . hatch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to order a banner for a work-related function and after receiving quotes from several local places , the estimate i received from az pro signs was by far the lowest . what was most remarkable , however , was that within hours of sending my final proof to jason , the owner , he had it printed and shipped via overnight service so it was in my hands less than 24 hours after i placed the order ! the banner looks great and is durable enough ( it 's weather proof ! ) that i 'll definitely be able to use it again . i had a few questions while i was designing our banner and jason always responded very quickly in a friendly demeanor . i would highly recommend his company for banners and signs big and small .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my mastercraft x80 wrapped and az pro signs did a phenominal job . chris prenovost was super professional and martin pinedo did an awesome job on the design . it turned out better than i expected . chris personally walked me around the boat when it was finished and made it really clear they stand behind their work . also their shop and warehouse was very nice and the people are very friendly and customer service orientated . there 's no question these guys are the best in the business of wraps and signs . if you want to talk more about my experience please do n't hesitate to give me a call at 602-770-8003 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a wonderful company ! goes above and beyond to make sure the clients get exactly what they are looking for . they are very professional and friendly ! totally recommend for all your printing business needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very friendly and helpful , however the cool sculpting procedure that i purchased was very expensive and did n't work for me at all unfortunately . i was very disappointed at the lack of results considering the costs . they did allow me to come in for a 2nd treatment free of charge , however the 2nd treatment showed no results as well . the team was helpful , but i guess the cool sculpting method does not work on everyone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the bodify team is amazing . after doing research and talking myself out of it for so long , i finally went in for a consult and made an appointment for a treatment . i never felt pressured or like i was being `` sold to '' . jess resolved all of my concerns and made the process easy . on treatment day melissa and jess were great and so comforting . they take their practice and clients very seriously and provide a very comforting atmosphere . they should teach other businesses ( of all kinds ) on how customer service should be because they truly excel at it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about this place is fantastic . from the staff , medical center to the ambience . i was taken very good care of by the staff . i had my own room for the treatment and they made me very comfortable . they set me up with a charge for my phone , netflix and beverages . it 's been 1.5 months and i 've already seen some improvement . ca n't wait for another 1.5 months . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am beyond happy with my results from my cool sculpting ! i was skeptical because i am in the medical field and i did not believe you can truly spot reduce a fat pocket . i researched all my options including liposuction and decided to go with bodify and cool sculpting . less invasive and less cost than lipo . my consultation was with jessica and this girl knows her stuff ! i asked very specific questions about side effects , expected outcome , case studies etc and she knows cool sculpting inside and out . i chose bodify based on the fact these girls are true experts in their field . i also was not sure it would be for me . i 'm fit , workout everyday , had one child and can not get a few areas to budge . i thought the results would not show since i 'm technically close to my goal . jessica gave me an idea of what to expect and she was accurate . i 'm almost 4 weeks out and love ... love ... love my results ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars hardly feels like enough stars for these ladies ! ! 5 stars , thumbs up ... you name it this office gets it ! jessica & melissa are professional and so respectful . they truly make you feel as if you have known them for years and make the experience of cool-sculpting a fun and personal experience ! from the moment i walked into the gorgeously designed space , i was greeted with friendly smiles & given all the information i could possible need to make my decision to do this . jessica & melissa are so knowledgeable ... and it 's also reassuring to know they too , have done this ! great team ! you girls are the best ! i highly recommend anyone , of any age or gender to try cool-sculpting ! you wo n't be disappointed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office is both comfortable and clean , and the staff honest , respectful , and professional . plus the results were what i expected . i will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these bodify girls amaze me more and more ! they genuinely care about my progress ... the office is gorgeous and has anything your heart desires ... they are personal and professional and motivating ... and talk about motivation ... the follow up appts give you an eye of every angle ... and put a smile on your face as you leave ! after a few consultations around phx , i would come back to bodify in a heart beat & encourage anyone to meet the team and see what they can do for you ... you will be in love ! thanks girls for another great visit ... excited for the next four weeks unfold and unfat : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it turns out that i am not a candidate for the procedure . they were upfront and honest with me and did not try to sell or pressure me into anything . if i was a candidate for the procedure , i would definitely use bodify . i visited www.coolsculpting.com . bodify is one of the highest rated coolsculpters in az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bodify rocks ! after 4 coolsculpting mini-treatments , the results are wonderful and each day i look and feel better about my 'not so double anymore ' chin area . it 's been 9 weeks since the initial first 2 mini-treatments and i could n't be happier with the results , and the amazing professional care from the super 'chicks ' at bodify was fabulous ! thank you melissa and jessica ! my mantra chant every day is `` die fat cells die ! '' looking forward to more 'fixes ' on trouble spots in the future , but until then ... i have been bodified !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bodify is the epitome of 5 star service and professionalism ! the facility is absolutely beautiful , warm and welcoming . i was treated so well and had all my needs taken care of . during my procedure i had everything i could possibly need to make things as comfortable as possible ! melissa , jessica , terri and hailey are so wonderful and readily available to answer any and all questions . i ca n't wait to tell all my friends and colleagues about bodify ! thank you to the entire staff for making me feel so great ! i even finished several emails during my procedure and was able to carry on with my normal routine after walking out the door . i will absolutely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my consultation was thought provoking , safe , friendly and private . the women of bodify are truly not judgemental and give you a straightforward expectation of `` your '' outcome . i look forward to my fresh start with my coolsculpted body .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the ladies of bodify ! they are wonderful and the office is super clean and inviting . my results are excellent , but i did n't need much of a correction . think about how much you need `` fixed '' and if it 's substantial , you may want to consider something else . if it 's a small improvement that you need then this is your best bet ! anywhere i get to watch movies when i 'm doing something i 'm in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love all the girls at bodify ! everyone makes you feel so comfortable and right at home from the moment you walk in , until your walking out the door . they are so informative and thorough with every step of the cool sculpting process . thanks ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . when you walk in , there is a palpable difference . the ladies of bodify not only are genuine , friendly and knowledgeable about the service but they allowed me to feel comfortable and not intimidated when i came to them to see if coolsculpting could help with some fat around my abs and love handles . as you can imagine , this is n't an easy thing to do- walk into an office and say look at my fat . from the first text message to my last follow up , everything was professional , energetic and above and beyond what i would expect . i was a bit of a slower responder- but i was told up front that it was a 2-4 month process and to be patient . they did a great job and managing my expectations- this is critical in their line of work . bottom line- if you are a man or women and have an interest in coolsculpting there is no other choice than bodify !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing experience ! i thought i would check out bodify to see if they could help me jumpstart my weight-loss for the new year . the ambiance was very comfortable , well decorated and relaxing . melissa and jessica welcomed me and show me around their impressive facility before my one-on-one consultation . melissa was very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions about how i can benefit from coolsculpting she even took before photos so that i could track my results . we then began the process in the man cave which was the perfect room for a guy to relax in thanks to the three flatscreen tvs and comfy reclining chair . i could have spent the whole day there watching college football . i ca n't wait to go back and show off my results ! thank you team bodify", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great experience . the girls eased my anxiety and provided awesome customer service . i had 8 sessions done which was a little lengthy however the comforts of the spa make the time go fast . thank u again for your kindness . i look forward to seeing you both again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today , i had my first coolsculpting treatment to transformation ever ! it was the most comfortable medical experience i 've had . i had 6 cycles - arms , lower abdomen , and flanks . with quad-sculpting ( 4 machines at the same time ) it only took me 2 hours total . and then i got on a plane to fly back home with no pain . in 3 months , i should see 20-20 % less fat in those treated areas . i ca n't wait ! the coolsculpting experts melissa and jessica at bodify were amazing ! thank you for taking such good care of me . i ca n't wait to come back and show off my results ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bodify is simply the best at what they do . they only perform coolsculpting treatments so you know you 're in good hands . guys need to check out the man cave too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gorgeous building and the place is decorated so cute ! i had my consultation with melissa who was ever so pleasant . i decided to freeze off my love handles , i do n't have much fat but enough to grab the procedure took about an hour and at first it 's cold , then it feels like someone is grabbing your fat really hard then after a few mins it goes numb . melissa made sure i was comfy and she offered an ipad or a movie to watch while i wait . they offer water , beer or champagne lol ! ! ca n't wait to post my results", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . i felt comfortable and welcomed . i was shown multiple before and after photos of actual patients and i appreciated the upfront and transparent conversation consultation . i ca n't wait to see the results ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is your father 's hardware store . walk in and it smells like hardware , if it 's big or small they will have it . a few years ago i undertook a pretty good size project that i had no business even undertaking . i had more questions than a priest in a confessional and the great associates here at greentree hardware answered each one of them for me , even drawing me a diagram for one tricky part of this project . when i went to purchase some things i thought i might need , the associate told me not to waste money buying a certain brand and the cheaper part would be just fine . now that 's service ! now , i 'll go out of my way to give this place my business and keep them a float .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess around early 2014 i noticed dennis had left for greener pastures after 20+ years with the local fixture . all my subsequent visits were handled by an increasingly younger staff that did n't know crap about the products they were selling . was very sad to see dennis go after frequenting the store for over a decade . apparently the store is either closing or being reset by doitbest corporate , but who am i to say ? i only know i miss dennis , his daughter , and their attention to the needs of customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here for everything i need for my home projects . the employees are professional and experienced . always helpful . it is easy to get in and out unlike places like lowes or home depot where you have to park a mile away and wait in long lines . a great surprise is that most items that they stock are cheaper than the big stores ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pita cafe knows how to make great greek food ! i 've eaten here three times just to make sure it was really consistent , and i was n't disappointed . the pita bread is fresh and soft , the meat tasty , and the sauce fabulous . the service was friendly and full of lots of smiles . the restaurant is clean and nice decors too . i would strongly suggest this quick serve greek restaurant to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just as awesome as the other location . i love that this is a family run business . this location is super clean , and i love that they have so many places to sit . the food is always top notch , fresh and comes out fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hubby and i ate here for a late lunch early dinner and we really enjoyed it . i had the falafel which was perfectly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside . my husband had a lamb gyro and thought the meat was seasoned really well . plus my side salad was made with fresh veggies and olives . the service was good as well , the cashier at the front was friendly and attentive . i took off one star because it 's definitely lacking some ambiance and also because they are using styrofoam cups - with so many alternatives out there , there 's just no justifying doing that ! so if you 're the manager reading this - please switch your cups so that we can come back and support your business some more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are n't any greek or mediterranean restaurants in the immediate area , so i was excited to give the new pita cafe a try . pros : - they have an easy online ordering system where you can order and pay . i love this convenience when i 'm working . so much easier than having to call in and have my co-workers listen to what i 'm having for lunch . - portion size was large , i ordered the south west greek salad and the chicken & gyro slices were cooked perfectly , and the tangy tzatziki dressing was delicious - the staff was very nice and gracious - my order was ready quickly , and i was able to pick it up right away with no wait time con : - the salad was a little on the pricey side at $ 10 , but i think that 's par for the n. scottsdale area i will return to try some more of the menu ! it 's nice to have a decent greek option in the neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "already being a regular customer at the location on scottsdale and pinnacle peak i was excited to hear they were opening another location on scottsdale and flw which is a little closer to my house . i came the first week they opened and tried it out ... food tasted just as amazing as the original location . i had ordered the gyro . my food came out in a timely fashion and the pita bread was loaded with meat ! the place is very clean , bathrooms too ! the staff is very friendly , i give them a a+ on customer service ! one thing i love about this place is that every time i come eat at either location the taste of the food is always the same . i recommend everyone give this place a try . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new place ! lots of menu options . good came out fast and was cooked fresh . we got pitas and a side of hummus . good was fantastic ! would definitely return for a quick lunch again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good `` fast-food '' greek option . i would liken it to a firehouse subs if subway were the low end sandwich shop . good quality , fast , and friendly . the front staff was very helpful and made a couple of suggestions as to portion sizing mid-order that really helped out my wallet and waist line . i would frequent this spot for a quick lunch if i lived local . location is super clean as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always loved this place ... but had a mediterranean gyro .. was really bad . soggy .. lettuce bad and lots of oil ! the salad was not good either.. was like it was sitting out for awhile . not fresh . bummer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast food mediterranean food . yes please . i got their chicken pita and a side greek salad . it was so good , i inhaled it . my husband got a gyro double meat and the size of that thing was ridiculously huge . he was a happy camper . facilities are clean and service is prompt . i did think it was cute they have siracha as their condiment next to the ketchup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! fast ! the cashier was super helpful and let me taste the different hummus . yuummmm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always had good food and awesome service . i recommend the cesar it 's really good . thank you guys for your hard work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good for gyros , excellent deal on pitas . great super casual greek place , really good for take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pita cafe was a pleasant surprise ! my husband loves greek food and was in the mood for a delicious gyro after church on a sunday . most places are packed on sundays with long waits for food , but not pita cafe . there were plenty of diners in the cafe but the service was quick and very friendly ! my husband was impressed with his gyro and french fries , and i loved my chicken pita . ( i also tried his fries : they were nice and hot with a yummy seasoning salt on them ) everything was very fresh . my pita was soft and tasty , and the chicken was seasoned perfectly . prices are reasonable . thank you pita cafe for a wonderful lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten here four times , having arrived at different times of the day and ordering something new each time . i have been extremely happy with the food , prices , and service . the quality of the food is a cut above other greek places i 've had in the area . it 's obvious they use high-quality ingredients and take care in preparation and cooking . i 'm not sure what kind of cooking style they use but it 's definitely working ! the house salad dressing is great - good blend of olive oil and spices . the grilled veggies are a must . the grilled chicken is both flavorful and juicy . good-sized portions on everything . while the venue is n't anything particularly special , the food certainly would stand the test of any high-priced restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service ! five stars just for that ! i was in town for a conference and mixed up the two stores since both are on scottsdale road . oops ! christina , the manager at the other location , farther from me , brought the delicious food to the store closer to me ! nastasia was very pleasant and helped me at the store closer to me through all this chaos ! i very much appreciate you guys ! food was delicious as expected ! : ) definitely recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the jalapeno hummus was very good and a little spicy . the pita chips that came with it were nice and soft and warm . i had the chicken shawarma and the chicken was very delicious as was the sauce . i think this place will do well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best . greek food . we 've found . we just moved here from cali and could not be more grateful this is down the street from us . how did we get so lucky ? we basically ordered everything on the menu and every single ingredient is delicious and the portions are huge . you better get out here asap to try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has good pita bread and good tatziki sauce . but other than that , my partner and i were not impressed . i ordered the veggie platter : the hummus tasted off and the grape leaves and falafel were just ok . i ordered a side of baba which was good . my partner ordered the fattoush salad with chicken kebabs . it was n't prepared like traditional fattoush salad and seemed just like a green salad with a few sparse chicken chunks . in fairness , the chicken was good but nothing special . this place just seems like a fast food wannabe greek place . maybe the gyros are good ? but no tahini sauce yet they have siracha sauce ? even the things i liked - the pita and tatziki sauce - i 'm not convinced they were made in-house . prices are high for a self-serve mediocre restaurant with ok portion sizes . service was friendly and the place was clean . but overall , if i want greek food i 'll just go across the street to the persian room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of the best mediterranean restaurants i 've ever been to ! the gyros here is my favorite , especially on top of the fries in the greek fries appetizer , must try ! the costumer service is excellent , and the restaurant atmosphere is very nice , highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and great customer service . great variety of fresh , healthy options . the picado pita is my favorite . you can order a wheat pita of you 'd like , too . they load it with a ton of fresh chicken . the side greek salad that comes with it has the best dressing and always very fresh vegetables and greens . i 've gone there so often over the last couple months that they 've gotten my usual order memorized . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the pita cafe ! we first stumbled upon this gem at their other location , we loved the food but it was a little too north for us , so we were beyond excited to see the location right on flw and scottsdale . we have had lunch a few times and the food is always amazing and we really like the family like service they provide . most recently we were having dinner and my bf enjoyed his beef pita so much he decided to order a second one . the young man at the cashier had asked him if he tried the gyro and they talked for a minute about the two meats . when the beef pita came out the owner had put a bit of the gyro meat on the plate for my bf to try ! totally impressed by that gesture ! and the gyro was a+ as well . we will pro continue to make the pita cafe a weekly spot ! thanks for everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a few times now . i 've stuck to the platter : chicken kabob , roasted veggies , & rice bc it 's what i crave & go back for . husband has been a lil more adventurous . we 've loved it all . roasted veg does n't sound that exciting but they season it so yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , easy for to go to eat in hotel room later . glad we tried it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! their hummus is great , and so are their gyros and the chicken shawarma . nothing super incredible to inspire me to give 5 stars , but just short of that . thumbs up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very yummy indeed . the pita was soft and had great flavor . in expensive scottsdale it was a great find for something fresh and inexpensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here yesterday and got take-out . i 've eaten at their other location several times and it has seemed like the food has slightly changed over time . not for the better . i was very disappointed to see a man throw a bag of gray gyro meat chunks on the grill as i walked in . so i guess they do n't slice the meat fresh off a spit . my daughter noted that her meat was weird in her gyro - some jagged chunks , large cubes , and thin slices . the taste was n't up to snuff either -- likely from the less than optimal way it was prepared . their hummus was still good but could use a little more garlic or something . i 'll be taking a lengthy break from pita cafe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service and fresh , tasty ingredients . ordered chicken schwarma on a pita ( grilled chicken with lettuce , tomato and onion with tzatziki sauce ) plus hummus . very good and quick to go ! was traveling on business and staying at a hotel across the street . great find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean well run restaurant . many mediterranean and greek alternatives in the neighborhood . they are always pushing their $ 5 pitas which is a great price for a gyros or whatever protein you choose but they fill it with mostly vegetables and only a few pieces of steamed gyros meat ? ? i like my gyros fresh off the spit and crispy . many other similar restaurants right in the area charge another $ 1 or $ 2 for the same but give you three times the amount of protein . i would rather pay $ 6 or $ 7 and have more than vegetables and bread .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a really good cafe for a quick lunch . salads are fresh & do n't taste like chemicals . staff is really nice & food is so good . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here for the first time yesterday for lunch . not only was i very impressed with the menu selection but also the cleanliness of this place ! staff was very friendly and recommended their favorite menu items . let me tell you i was not disappointed ! their greek fries were unreal ! ca n't wait to take my husband here , he will love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat honestly it 's taste just like back home the food is priced great and big quantities customer service makes you feel like you 're at home there sauce is to die for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! need shawarma pita with gyro fries is the bomb dig ! will be going back again ... real soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mediterranean food around the area and excellent chicken pita . my go-to for lunch", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first visit off a groupon and we really enjoyed the pitas and talking with the staff . i ordered the gyro and it was huge . i have never seen so much food for $ 10 . i was stuffed and the lamb had a very good taste with a hint of salt . most gyros i have had in the past were bland and needed the sauce to give it taste . my guest had the salad which was also two meals . see my pictures to see what i am talking about . i would recommend regular fries unless you like the greek style with sauce on it . probably the best value around for what you get in taste and quantity . love the soda as they have the old fashion type of ice you do not see that often anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome med food.. north scottsdale badly needed this place . great options for lunch . i had the grilled veggie pita with jalape\u00f1o hummus ... it was yummylecious . the service was pretty quick . we were served nice hot and fresh pita , enjoyed my lunch and will definitely go again to try the southwest bowl ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time & i 'll definitely be back ! try the beef schwarma pita w hummus sauce instead of cucumber sauce - it 's fantastic ! people are friendly , great with suggestions , and pay sign at what looked like an ipad terminal . convenient & quick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in for lunch today on the patio . food and service was great , as always . just wanted to give a compliment to the friendly staff that had to deal with an angry customer . from what i heard , this person ordered the wrong food , thinking it was vegetarian . when they got their food , they insisted they did not order that , due to it having meat in it . the staff very professionally and courteously , informed the guest that he ordered an item with meat , and offered to have him order the correct , vegetarian item . they were not very happy with that option and then began to talk about the food being equivalent to dog food . i have to say , as a fellow server , the staff did a great job of defusing the situation , but it is sad that `` we '' have to deal with disrespectful customers like that . regardless , the pita cafe staff handled the situation with finesse and grace . still , one of my favorite places for great food and service , no matter what .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i arrived to find a dude in a man bun taking my order . the combo special is 8.99 gyro or chicken pita with side ( rice , greek salad , or fries ) and a drink . i ordered a chicken pita with rice as my side . i also ordered a side of red pepper humus ( but not spicy ) with pita slices . i had initially asked for no onions but he brought out onions with meal . they kindly told me they could remake my meal but i insisted i could just pick out the onions . i immediately felt so bloated for about an hour after the meal that i felt nauseous , due to some small onions i had eaten . i had plenty of left over rice and humus to take home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was great . had the hummus bowl with gyro meat and grilled veggies . also had a side of falafel . the bowl was a bit weird and the presentation was lacklustre . a slop of hummus in a bowl all swirled together with the grilled veggies . gyro meat was great , grilled veggies were spot on . hummus was bland and falafel were way undercooked .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i 've been dying to try this place and i 'm glad i did ! love supporting mom and pop places like this one ! it 's not a fancy place at all and is super casual and kid friendly . i ordered the gyros for $ 5 , which is their special . the pita was fresh as was the gyro ! highly recommend it , although next time i come here , i need to try more stuff ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food and great portion sizes . i love that they have a kids menu with good options . food came out piping hot and fresh . pita bread was the best i 've ever had , very soft and warm . woman at the counter was so friendly and had the best customer service . i 'm not from this area but would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious . was staying at the fairmont princess , ordered through yelp based on review ! ! got there and food was ready , hot and tasty . gyro was great , chicken seasoned perfect on the schwarma . thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we daughter and i had an original and a grilled veggie gyro and they were both delicious . service was friendly and fast . groupon brought us in this first time but we will definitely be back again and again . ca n't wait to try their other items . extra kudos for having fox news on their tvs ! daddy ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy ! ! sitting in the restaurant right now as a first time customer . i love gyros so my boyfriend and i decided to come try this place . i just got a regular gyro pita and it was exactly what i was craving , more fresh than gyros usually are ! the pita was very soft and all of the veggies were crisp . my boyfriend got the chicken schwarma and it looked so good ! he also got the side salad and it was so zesty and fresh . i will definitely get a side salad next time . restaurant is clean and much bigger than i expected . the guy at the register ( no name tag so i did n't catch his name ) was so friendly and helpful . he got us signed up for the rewards program so we are exited to come back and try their other items and sides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a groupon and we were in the mood for this type of food . very clean . nice patient staff who described meals in question . ordered a chicken shawarma platter w fries and salad and hubby got gyro plate w fries . both came out quickly . the green salad is ample and the salad dressing on the side was a bit tart for my taste . a little goes a long way . the shawarma was delicious especially with the tzatziki sauce . we both had leftovers to enjoying the next day . would definitely go back . there is a great daily special that would satisfy any hunger pangs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the fatoush salad with their kabob chicken . and i also go here for the jasmine tea , but last time i was there they did n't have it . hopefully they have it next time . also , the chicken rice bowl is really really good . everything is in pretty big portions and the people there are always super nice and service is fast . i definitely recommend going here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food ! very authentic , coming from mi , i 've had it all over the place and this is right on par ! tried their vegetarian falafel and dipitizer ( roasted red pepper and jalapeno hummus ) . could n't of had a better combo . the gf always requests it when im in the area . nice and clean and the owner is really cool and down to earth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pita cafe is a great local place for mediterranean food . food is always tasty , excellent hummus , fresh & fast . michelle gives this restaurant a homey , happy atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a decent lunch . had the chicken kabobs with rice . not much chicken for the price and was a bit dry . but all in all . was a good meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here a couple times each months and the food is always great . reasonable prices and friendly service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they had great food and the staff were very friendly , thinking ahead of time for what i might need to make my meal even better . when i was done , they were quick to get my plate from me and wish me a great day . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing the chicken sharma and the fries are so delicious . gets busy for lunch so would recommend calling before . the best gyros and sharmas in az . go and get it they are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really quite like this place . the food is outstanding for being a quick serve place and the staff is always friendly . has a `` doesnt seem like phoenix '' vibe which i dig . hope it sticks around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a quick pita gryo and it was really yummy..could n't resist ordering another one ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our go to place for greek food . we normally order for pick up and take it home . their food is fresh and it tastes good . its about a 10 minute drive from home and we pass another greek restaurant that is just not as good when coming to pita cafe . they are always friendly and their portions are generous and the price is very economical . my mom who is picky about greek food always wants to get food from here when she is in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hoping to be able to update this review after another visit , but the first one was a little disappointing . i came here because of the vegetarian and vegan options available . unfortunately , it started off poorly when they informed me that they did n't have enough falafel to complete our order . we substituted some other items , but the substituted salad ended up covered in feta and , therefore , rendered inedible for my wife and me . it would n't have been a big deal except for the dairy-free discussion when ordering and the fact that it was a to-go order . i did n't have the time to make a 40 minute round trip drive to get a new salad . as i said , hopefully things will go better next time . i was hoping for a better experience . the falafel was pretty good -- i 'd go back for it . but i stand by my claim that saba 's has the best falafel in the valley .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice small family owned cafe close to nothing bundt cakes . we ordered the gyro and chicken pita which each were $ 5 . both were very good and tasty . just enough mayo on the gyro where it complimented the taste rather than took over . this is a small cafe with around 15 tables and you walk in to a aisle leading to the counter to order your food . i liked this place and for $ 5 how can you beat the price and this is a great alternative for burgers or pizza . will definitely be back again and try other items from the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the worst mediterranean food i 've ever had . the quality of the ingredients is poor . the food is bland and tasteless . the `` schwarma '' was plain chicken , no seasoning . if mcdonalds opened a greek restaurant , i would imagine this is how it would taste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in right before closing . the menu is a little bit overwhelming but the guys working we 're pretty helpful and friendly . the hummus was great . and it came with so much peter bread . i ordered extra and it was n't necessary . the grilled chicken is great also ! ! no complaints at all from my friends and i .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst food i 've ever eaten . very expensive small portion did not resemble any middle eastern food i 've ever eaten . so greasy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everything from the service to the flavors was on point . initially thought to try it out based on other reviews and was not disappointed . will certainly be back again : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice in two days if that means again . the staff is very friendly , and the food is fresh . it 's a fast-casual place , but feels like full service . the gyro and chicken pita is stuffed full and tasty . greek salad is a bit plain , so skip it . the french fries are really good , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "updating to 4 stars because the manger said they do allow substituions of tzatziki to hummus . he also offered 20 % my next visit . great to see that they respond to their feedback . i 've been a few times now ... the food is pretty good but only giving three stars for their services and prices . i ordered my meal and told them to hold 3 of the items ( dressing , tzatziki , and feta ) because i do n't eat dairy and asked for hummus instead . they said they do n't do substitutes and i would have to pay extra . really ? ? ? i mean cmon i am already saving you a bunch of ingredients . so i ended up paying $ 10.75 for some rice , three pieces of falafel , and some raw veggies . not worth the price for the amount of food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good for falafel pita and side salad . recently opened when i visited , so the full menu was not yet available . i will need to try it again and write a more detailed , updated review .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly owners and good food . they have $ 5 gyros and chicken pitas ready ! any place with braggs liquid aminos and apple cider vinegar as condiments is alright with me . i 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been asked what cuisine i would choose if i could only have one until the day i die . i would choose greek . the broad spectrum of favors and textures as well as aromas makes this cuisine the best . i have traveled far and wide throughout this valley and have not found a cleaner restaurant with amazing food prepared exceedingly quickly and accurately as the pita cafe . a family owned and operated establishment john flew around his open air kitchen allowing anyone to see all aspects of the cooking process . the courses arrived beautifully presented and highly tasty . his cousin jasmine was delightful and knowledgeable with expert advice on the assorted menu items . her smile was as warm and welcoming as the wonderful aromas coming from the other side of the glass kitchen partitions . overall we loved it and took a second meal home . highly recommended for any craving or anyone who truly knows great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barebones atmosphere but great pitas . recommended", "score": "4"}
{"review": "exceptionally friendly staff and very reasonable menu . try the chicken schwarma , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and great customer service ! the guy at the register was very nice and patient , recommended the original gyro and it was great ! will definitely be back soon , thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has got to be the best mediterranean food place ever ! i recommend everyone to try out the chicken picado ! ! ! ! so delicious . food tastes great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a delight ! i love finding a place that makes you feel right at home while serving food like mom used to make ! they seem to have just the right touch from the friendly service , the portion size ( generous ) , and really great salads sandwiches deserts ! i also recommend their catering . since i started using them a year ago , they are my first choice for entertaining guests with good home cooked entrees like stuffed cabbage rolls , glazed apricot pecan chicken , lasagna and my favorite - garlic mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese . cafe at the lofts is just a good place with good people & great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to come back and say that i have n't had anymore issues with the wait or timing with my orders . they have been prompt and usually i call ahead so it 's waiting for me . food is still solid , nothing i crave per se but enjoyable and filling none the less .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cafe at the lofts is my favorite troy hill north side lunch spot . delicious homemade soups , tasty sandwiches , and friendly service . a suitable north side alternative to my beloved eat unique and food for thought in oakland . i 've had various panini , salads and soups here , and i have only been disappointed by the four cheese panini . their soups are good to very good . the salads have always seemed fresh and crisp . there is a decent selection of sandwiches available , and the daily specials are usually quite good . if you happen to be looking for lunch on the north side , i recommend giving them a shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only ever order one thing from here -- - the navigator wrap -- - but it 's delicious . i 've only ever dealt with the restaurant through delivery , but they 're always very prompt . everything on the menu is fairly priced . if you work in the north side it 's definitely a great place to order from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this cafe ! wedding soup to die for and endless new options to try . affordable and fast as well ! will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "homemade soups are out of this world . daily specials are unique . some of the best lunch sandwiches in pgh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is kinda a joke . went in 45min before closing and the lady gave me the whole `` you know i 'm closin soon , right ? '' routine . tuna sandwich was ok . they didnt have coffee hot or iced . and their special was a ham and cheese sandwich . based on that , prob wont be back . i 'm sure they do n't really need my business though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not use this company ! once my order was placed it was hard to get a hold of anyone - especially tobin rudd . delivery date did n't come close , wrong doors and hardware sent , installer waiting around to get the right product , etc . to top it off , it has been 5 months now and my doors still do n't shut right and a couple wo n't shut at all . of course no one will get back to me to fix the problem . i do n't know if it 's the doors or the installer ( who tobin recommended ) but it 's a complete mess . thousands of dollars spent and very disappointed . home depot is about the same price . i went with the local company because they were initially prompt and like to support local businesses . i should 've gone to home depot and used their installers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommend this place , i was able to get a new front door installed in just a few days before moving out of state to replace my old one that had a dog door installed in . they did a excellent job in keeping me updated on the progress of the order and setup . once the door was ready kevin was able to come to the house before i had to leave for work and do the install . kevin transferred the existing hardware knobs handles and hauled away the old door . very professional team all around and you can always be assured the job will be done right the first time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i placed an order and paid for it on september 29 and the gentleman on the phone informed me it would be ready to pick up that day but i asked if my contractor would be able to pick it up the next morning . he said it would be available and when my contractor arrived the next morning he was told they had sold out . i am confused at how a business can take an order and have you pay yet sell the product you paid for ? when i called to ask what happened they informed me that somebody the day before came and picked up 800 lineal feet and from the sounds of it it was after i had already placed my order . i would n't have even been upset if they had called me after the product went out of stock to tell me it would be one extra day and till it was available . instead my time was wasted and my contractor is charging me extra gas for his first trip to pick up the baseboards . good prices but never worth the bad business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ate at this particular restaurant located in the stratosphere hotel because we had a coupon for a free pitcher of beer with the purchase of a pizza . our pizza was delicious . this small restaurant only serves pizza and beer . all the pizzas are large or you can order a slice . i would definetely return to this little restaurant , especially if we find another coupon ( ( :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like karyn m , the only reason we came here was because of a free pitcher of beer with the purchase of a pizza . who would have thought that this podunk place in a podunk casino would end up serving one of the best pizzas i 've had in in years ? no joke . and i 'm picky when it comes to pizza . thin crust , but not so thin that it has that cracker flaky consistency . just enough heft to support the generous toppings . toppings were clearly fresh . only thing keeping it from the fifth star is , well , the setting is n't exactly five star quality . so let 's call it 4.5 stars . you know what ? it 's probably worth a special trip just for the pizza ( maybe not if you 're a local , but hey , maybe even then ) if you can find the little coupon for the free pitcher of beer , then bonus points . i mean , this is veags : take what you can get before it all gets snatched away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were hungry and sporting a hangover so pizza seemed like a good idea . this place has one thing going for it , it was there , and where we were . a long slow line to order pizza was unnecessary , despite a vast menu they did not have much available . and the prices 5.25- $ 6 for a 1 4 of a pie slice is no deal . the pizza is self tastes like poor quality bread with some cheese , no flavor no character to the crust nothing . there is a small adjacent dining area that has pepper and parmesan cheese tables . i really doubt any one plans to eat here , so this will not be read , but in case you are planing to eat here , steer away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was decent . we ordered the # 3 combo and waited 30 minutes for the food to be prepared . the combo came with a 16 inch pizza , wings , celery , ranch , and a pitcher of soda . we paid a little more than 30 $ for everything . the pizza we had was the supreme , the toppings were plentiful , fresh , and well cooked . the dough was a little under cooked and the sauce was very acidic . the wings we ordered as `` spicy '' . they were lacking any form of heat , covered in a tomato type sauce that just tasted of vinegar and the chicken was overcooked dry . we did not enjoy the wings at all . overall it was a decent meal for us . we decided to bring it up to the room . next time we will only order the pizza , not the whole combo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would 've never gone to this place if it were n't for getting a discount so i was expecting discount type food . not the case . the pizza was actually very tasty , friendly staff , and nice seating area . although , i 've noticed some 'non customers ' wandering in there , i do n't think that 's common . i would 've come back again but the line was long and at the front was two young girls that had twenty five questions about every item on the menu . ahhh , not really the employees fault but there is a way to ask the customer , nicely , to step aside until they are ready to order . it happens though . not criticizing for that . will probably be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i ordered a pizza to take up to our room . the pizza was delicious and we did eat it all . service was great , looked like there was only one employee working that night and she did wonderful . i would order there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came because i had a coupon and figured that the pizza would be ok since i was hungry . it really was one of the better pizzas that i 've had in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden gem in vegas . not overpriced . good selection and its tasty . the only issue is that this is in the stratosphere and that side of vegas is dead . if anyone could clarify if they make their dough fresh everyday than this could maybe be a 5 in my book .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza was good both times ordered . it was the 4 cheese kind..fair price for the size ..especially in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "save your money and just buy a frozen pizza ! by far the worst pizza i have ever eaten . all i ordered was a simple cheese pizza with buffalo wings . i got in return was a burnt crust with a glop of cheese in the middle ; with ricotta cheese pooped and drizzled around the damn glop of cheese for some reason . i ca n't even start with the chicken . first , it was hard as a rock and tough . then the sauce just made it worst ! its like they had jars of lucas candy and put that onto the chicken . out of the $ 25 i spent , i managed to eat the celery that came with the lucas flavored chicken . please save your money , and might as well put a $ 20 bill in a slot machine and bet all . you will have more satisfaction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a coupon for buying tickets to bite which got us a huge slice of pizza and a beer for 5 bucks . cant beat that . the pizza was actually really good . the meaty slice had meatballs , italian suasage , bacon and pepperoni . great food for the price", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent pizza ! ! ! definitely our favorite pizza shop in vegas . we 'll worth the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza , sandwiches , salads and a few side dishes ... that 's about it . the sandwiches are surprisingly good , at $ 6-8 each are reasonable for an in-casino meal . lots of gooey cheese and flavorful meats and condiments . their veggie pizza is pretty good , with lots of different toppings and a well-made crust . their salads are large and made with good ingredients , several notches above the salads available at mcdonald 's for sure but also a couple dollars more . if you 're willing to spend a little extra and do n't want mexican , it 's a nice option for inside the stratosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got a calzone ( $ 8.50 ) a slide of pizza ( $ 5.50 ) an order of 10 pieces of wings ( $ 8.99 ) and a fountain drink ( $ 2.50 ) ( refill .54 cents ) wings were crispy from the outside but the meat was just too dry ! ! ! ! and pizza was too salty ! ! ! and the calzone was mediocre at best . only reason it 's getting any stars is cause of the service . which was pretty stellar . wo n't be coming here anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great pizza , was n't expecting it to be as great as it actually was . surprisingly amazing ! not too greesy but enough greese ! ordered for room service . talk about quick service , might order another today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were a little weary about ordering pizza from the hotel itself . we 're normally pretty picky about our pizza and we 've been disappointed before with hotel pizza . but we read the good reviews here so decided to give it a try . we got the meat special . it was $ 20 on the menu , by the time they added 1.49 for extra cheese , 3.00 service charge , 18 % gratuity , and tax , it came out to $ 30.09 . yikes ! they came surprisingly quick despite being on hold for a long time when we ordered ( we assumed they were busy so we figured delivery would take a while as well ) . the pizza was definitely better than we thought but not best we ever had . next time , i do n't think we 'll spend over $ 30 for a pizza that was just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a coupon on our tickets from seeing `` bite '' . i believe the deal was around few bucks for a large soft drink or beer and a very large slice of pizza ... choices ranged from combo , veggie , pepperoni , and three meat- ( what we got ) the place also has salads and bread sticks , pizza by the slice as well as whole pizza specials . overall the staff was quick and friendly and there is a large dining area behind which had booths as well as table seating.. the annoying part that i remember was that the seats were bolted down to the floor . i kept trying to scoot my chair up ... .haha anywho for a quick , cheap `` bite '' , this place did the trick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is good but cashier terryann should not be in customer service i had to greet her and she was very rude . maybe her dog ran away or something , but still not a reason to be rude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one good thing ... ... geographical convenience . food whatever , prices not great . forgettable . not good pizza for a pizza lover . yawn .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ate here two nights in a row , absolutly awesome , pizza , wings , ziti and sandwiches . cheese bread sucked big time . everything else was awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do n't pay attention to the reviews below , as they are 2 years old and the restaurant probably had a different cook then . my wife & i ate there are were very happy with the food . the staff & owner were very nice and we will go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , understand my 3 stars do not remotely refer to the food here , which is n't as horrific as has been described , but is not even close to a-ok . there is a lot to be desired at this buffet : paltry vegetable options , meat that 's been left sitting too long , lots of brown sauce on everything . the shining light is the owner , tony nguyen , who ( i kid you not ) came to my table and serenaded me and my mom completely out of the blue , and actually sat down to talk . tony is hilarious . he 's friends with queen latifah -- whipped out his cell phone to prove it -- writes ballads in his spare time , cracks jokes like an asian george lopez , funds an orphanage in vietnam and sings kinda like tony bennett . i will keep going to this spot because with tony , every meal is unforgettable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude staff . not clear about rules and regulations . too expensive and not worth it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best tarzan-like experience ever ! thank you for treetop trekking in offering a teacher 's day . although i 'm afraid of heights this was a good way to over come my fears and try something active n out of the ordinary . we were welcomed by staff n to sign a few waivers . then we received an introductory course on safety and how to use the equipment . we went on 4 courses and they all progressively became more difficult . if anyone was too scared or had difficulty finishing the course , the staff was so kind in offering guided verbal instructions , motivational words to help you n they had some staff join you on the course . i would most definitely come back to treetop trekking at another location . the experience made you feel like a kid again n it most definitely was a lot of fun . tip : go to the bathroom before putting the harnest on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a friday afternoom with my family . we decided to go here while we were in the country . this place is really fun . if you are not active , do not come here ! the courses will tire you out but it is well worth the $ 62 . it took us 3 house to complete all the courses including the advanced one . but beware , it is a bit scary so if you are afraid of heights i wouldnt come . all in all it was a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is definitely an activity for all ages , except for people with fear of heights . as the courses do get higher and higher up the trees as it progresses . all the courses include a serious of games and zip-lining . i do not do a lot of physical activities on a regular basis , but the games are manageable at the same time challenging ! zip-lining across the lake was definitely a highlight ! we really enjoyed ourselves ! : ) we took around 3 hours to finish the courses , will definitely recommend to friends and family ! tip : remember to bring your own water bottle as they do not sell any drinks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "treetop trekking brampton was a blast for us . we planned a corporate event at this location which ran very smooth . once we got there we were explained all the rules and regulation and were quickly setup for the training session . the training was good and they even make you fall , so they can train you on how to lift yourself up . all staff members were very friendly and sociable . we played able to try 3 treks within the booked time and let me tell you it was a blast . the treks were well designed and able to finished by even beginners . wear flexible clothes and shoes . overall , great fun , with very awesome friendly service ! everyone was happy and had a great fun activity !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't have time to do the full 3 hour course so i only signed up for the zip line portion . the staff was friendly and helpful . they helped watched everyone throughout the practice courses ( orientation , beginner , intermediate , and advanced ) . my mom and i were only supposed to do the orientation course before zip lining over the lake but we also got to do the beginner practice course for free instead of just waiting on the ground for 30 minutes . actually zip lining over the lake was really fun and relaxing ! definitely worth coming back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very awesome . had so much fun and felt like a kid again . the guides really make this place enjoyable as they are so friendly and easy to talk to . i recommend this place to all my friends to try . most games were n't too difficult but still fun . once you settle down you realize how great the view are from up in the tree . especially in october . they say to bring a back pack for snacks and such but the parking lot is n't too far so you do n't have to lug around your backpack . make sure you 're rested before you go because it does get a little bit tiring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooo much fun ! this was my first experience with treetop trekking and zip lining . i loved every minute of it . we had the opportunity to experience four of the courses , some were definitely more challenging than others . they got harder as we went..did n't help that it was uber windy ! ! ! it 's a decent workout , great way to get out and have some fun with friends or co-workers for a couple hours . the guides were great , very thorough in their explanations and made sure that we felt comfortable throughout the course . initially fear set in because i have a slight fear of heights but once you are up in the trees going through the course i forgot about it . unfortunately the course across the lake was closed because it was too windy : ( i would have loved to have experience the long zip line across the lake . will have to go back just to do that next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was certainly a challenging course ! it was really fun just make sure to bring a water bottle or drink in excess before going up ( especially when its hot out ) . there are three different courses , beginner , intermediate and advanced . if you are afraid of heights this is not for you ! even i have a slightly fear and found it tough at some points ( you have to look down to get your footing ) . the slowest and most painful part is when you are practicing to go up and even in the beginner course things are slow . we could have made it through the course much faster if it were n't for the slow people in front of us ! it was still a great time i highly recommend it ! tip : make sure to be at the front of the line when you are practicing , otherwise you will be waiting so long to do the obstacles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so much fun ! a fun workout , too . we have done this a few times-even my son started on the smaller kid 's course", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did the three hour course and it sure was a work out ! but i came expecting more and longer zips so that was a bit disappointing . there was also long lines at the stations . not very nature like comparing to other places . a lot more workout than fun zip-lining . would rather pay a little more and go somewhere with more zips", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got a groupon voucher for this restaurant , and they can always be hit or miss . had never had thali food before so it was a new experience for us . we ordered two mains - chicken jalfrezi and tikka , and they came on two large trays surrounded by small dishes of different sides . service was quick but the place was empty apart from 1 other table . food was alright , nothing to rave about . i felt that the chicken was n't of a particularly high quality so that was a bit of a let down . the pakora starter was alright as was the peshwari naan . the lentil and chickpea sides were nice . would n't pay the recommended retail price of \u00a340 a plate for this place . our voucher was \u00a316 for two and with a few extras on the night we paid about \u00a325 - would n't pay much more for this meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "truly excellent food . great service . an institution .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place by accident when going to the festival hall - it 's right opposite . very pleasant surprise . food was excellent and just a little bit different from a normal indian restaurant . we had a picky eater in our party but the helpful staff were found them something they enjoyed . i 'd definitely go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten indian food in many cities in the states . i must say that suruchi is the best of the best . the decor ( after going up narrow stairs to the second floor ) and the music had just enough of an indian feel to give a sense of place without being overwhelming . the food itself was outstanding the service was attentive without being intrusive . i 'm hoping to return to edinburgh for next year 's festival , and suruchi ( being directly across from the festival theatre ) is at the top of my `` must return '' list . thanks for a memorable meal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i lived in champaign i had 2 memberships . one at pf and the other at another commercial gym . i used pf for late night workouts and cardio , while i used the other gym for heavy lifting and deadlifts . a lot of the fitness `` purists '' do n't like pf because of the smith machines and limited free weights . i look at it this way : if your goal is to become the next ronnie coleman , this is n't the place for you . and to be honest , neither is any other commercial gym . however , if your goal is general health and fitness , pf is fine . the staff are friendly and the bathrooms are clean . this is the perfect gym for people like me who get off work during the late evening , when most other gyms are closed . oh , and have some freaking discipline and say `` no '' to the pizza and candy ! i recently transferred to the hadley , mass gym , hopefully that gym is just as great as champaign 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , i do n't get why this place gets ripped a new one on here . it 's not terrible by any means . it can be argued that the staff is n't friendly i suppose . however , personally , when i go to the gym , i 'm not there to talk to anyone either . the place is clean and it works . granted , i 'm not a workout fiend . i just want to run through their 30-min circuit , run on a treadmill , ride a bike , use the elliptical or a combination of said things . in comparison , it 's not the nicest gym in the area , i get that . but for $ 10 a month ( or $ 20 ) i do n't get how you can complain !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "equipment was ok. place seemed dirtier every day . staff is not attentive and sometimes rude . they seem to have a lot if time to socialize and text on their phones . hey try cleaning the locker rooms and bathrooms ! nasty ! place is ok for the price but i now go elsewhere and get greeted every day !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "already did it a year ago and still not working . i have again brought this to the attention of the management 4 more times and even to the service person i happened to see and it has been a month and still nothing has been done . my guess is that planet fitness is n't concerned with safety of the customer . i 'm going to go to the corporate office and file a complaint .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a national fitness health group that ( currently ) is a sponsor of the television show , the biggest loser as seen on nbc broadcast television . i expect their facility to be top notch . they occupy a very very large part of the building adjacent to county market discount foods on glen park dr in champaign . their billboards around town ( since this facility has been open a couple months ) are advertising a pretty good deal to try them out in order to get to know you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i only go because of the price . the majority of the staff are blah . clearly just there to collect a paycheck . and the equipment need a serious upgrade .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "naperville - planet fitness unreal ! ! ! i ' , a member at this location and it 's sad to see that in `` naperville '' they have the most ungliest , dirtiest , non eye appealing gym i have ever saw ! ! ! ! even if it 's cheap ! when i go to the planet fitness in chicago which i have done numerous times different locations it 's like walking into a brand new gym every time ! why ca n't the naperville location look the same ? ? why ca n't we have some of the better arc machines , treadmills , weight machines , better ab area like other locations . no paint is dreary the locker rooms are raunchy ! something i would probably would have expected to see in a chicago location , not naperville ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service and the cancellation process at planet fitness is terrible . i asked the staff to process a cancellation and they told me i need to speak with the general manager . i left two messages within a week for the general manager and both were unreturned . apparently , they wont allow customers to cancel their memberships without appearing in person and signing a cancellation notice . in todays busy environment , its not always easy to make a personal visit for a cancellation . i am convinced their policy is cumbersome intentionally in an effort to continually collect the membership fee . unfortunately , it has gone on for a couple months .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to workout . new equipment . well maintained . 30 min express thingie is really nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another win for sunrise ! great service . great food ! again . so impressed . tonight we decided to try the fish fry appetizer . it should be an entree . we are from wisconsin . we know a good fish fry . although not a wisconsin ff there 's was fantastic ! ! ! never disappointed . we are moving to boulder city . but i have a few reasons to be in nlv and we have decided that when i 'm in this area i get wings , pizza , burgers , fish and several appetizers from sunrise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really tasty pizza probably best i 've had in north lv . ordered garlic cheese bread but they gave us just the regular garlic bread , which was good- the marinara sauce was amazing so much so that i would order spaghetti or something that comes with that next time . only complaint was salad was warm and wilted when it arrived , maybe the driver had it sitting on top of the pizza boxes or maybe because it was packed in a bag with the garlic bread . 4.5 overall experience but taste was def 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered from here and the pizza took an hour and a half to get to me . it was ice cold and when i called the restaurant the lady on the phone told me that they would not make a new one because the owner was the one that cooked it and gave it to the delivery guy . i called the restaurant again and the lady that answered told me that sunrise pizza was a horrible business and not professional . that should say enough if the employees are talking shit about the place they work for ... worst place ever they can shove that ice cold pie where the sun dont shine !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never had an issue with them love ordering from here . they have some really good food . specifically the pizza and chicken alfredo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had sunrise pizza for the first time and would definitely eat there again ! i ordered through grub hub and was quoted an hour delivery time and it came in 30 minutes . this was thw hottest delivery food we have received in a long time ! the pizza was so good my picky 4 year old had 2 pieces . the sandwiches we ordered were great and huge , we were so full we could n't eat the fries . next time we will try breakfast , because who does n't want breakfast delivered ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first time i had the lasagna was a week and a half ago it was delicious absolutely perfect . i ordered the same thing tonight and it was not good close to horrible maybe the cook was different or maybe i ordered too late not sure , but not sure i will try it again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've ordered before dinner and everything was ok and customer service we ok ... well today i ordered an meat lovers omelet and asked for no ham instead extra bacon or sausage and to have my hash browns crispy ... my meal arrived nothing like i 'd ordered it .. my hash browns were under cooked and my omelet had no other meat in it except ham ... and when placing my phone order the lady who took the order was rude and rushing me off the phone ... that 's probably why she fucked up my order ... it only takes one bad experience to turn me completely off and i will never order from here again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't write reviews very often but this is one i had to do . i 've ordered 3 times so far and will definitely continue . the food is awesome , fast delivery , food is super hot when it gets to my door . everything seems fresh . you can tell they take pride in what they do . if you have n't tried it yet go for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time was so delicious and worth the wait ... we ordered again two nights later ! delivery was a bit earlier than expected and the food tasted fresh from the oven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried sunrise pizza via eat24 and had a good experience . good , affordable food , quick delivery time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hungry after a long night in vegas stopped in for breakfast and had excellent steak and eggs done to perfection . waitress was a seahawks fan which was a bonus for those of us from the pacific northwest . sundance kid next door had golden tee so we can keep up on our game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when the wings are cooked good i love this place , the pizza is always great ! ! and the ranch do not get me started", "score": "4"}
{"review": "order from here on a regular basis . the food is always on point and the delivery is superb . drivers is extremely friendly too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty disappointed . the noddles for my fettuccini alfredo were over cooked and mushy and the onion and lettuce for my salad were wilted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst pizza i ever had . it was called `` mr. food pizza '' and supposed to have sausage , pepperoni , peppers & onion on it . they forgot the pepperoni and there were just a few very thin slices of sausage ( or something ) . the cheese was n't even melted . took a few bites and tossed it in the trash .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ehh food . horrible smelling bathroom . been here a couple times and the use a pizza stand warm scented wax instead of using actual air freshener . does n't cover the foulness of the women 's bathroom . probably need to clean the floor drain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst pizza ever the crust was doughy.the cheese was so greasy.will never go here ever again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ugh , this mcd 's has gone so far downhill . it was actually impressed there for awhile at how quickly and efficiently the drive-thru process was . at one point , they even gave you a little timer and aimed to have you completely through before the hourglass ran out . but then it took a massive dive . while they have brought back the hot mustard sauce ( yay ! ! ) , the amount of time it takes to get through the drive-thru has increased at least 5x . i have literally spent over 15 minutes at this drive-thru . 15 mins ! and every time i 've gone recently , my food has been cold by the time i get it . so it 's been sitting there for awhile . ick ! save yourself the hassle and just go inside to get your order . i do n't know what on earth has happened here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all mcdonalds are created equal , right ? nope ! food was we expected but service was horrible . i placed my order for myself and 2 kids . picked up my order and went to my table . my son wanted extra condiments so i went the the pick-up area and the manager served three people and she disregarded my attempts to get her attention . i finally got what i needed and went back to table . my son again wanted some extra syrup so i went k ask and she rilled her eyes and handed me syrup saying `` if you want something , just ask fr it when u order and it will be on your tray '' and walked away ... rude !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how difficult is it to just put what was ordered , in the bag ? it 's not like it 's a one-time occurance either . you want $ 15 hr and you can not handle the simplest of tasks ? what a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for their drive-thru service . came here around 2 am and there was a long line . we even hesitated a bit about waiting in the line but i 'm glad we chose to stay because the service was fast ... i think we waited about 5 mins . the one thing i like about this location is that you can get a parfait at 2 am while most other mcdonalds are out of parfaits at that time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2-26-17 @ 3:34am drive thru : no carbonated beverages and you can not order at the menu box . i 've been sitting in the drive thru for approximately 15 minutes boxed in and i have n't even ordered yet . there are approximately 4 cars in front of me and 2 behind me . this is kind of ridiculous for a saturday night sunday morning crowd . i 'm hangry and i 'm trying to get back to work but i 'm stuck so i 'm losing out of money . please fix your drive thru , your normal setup ensures fast productivity . also , i just got to the pay here window and now it says that they 're only accepting cash . finally got to the window and nobody has taken my order or talked to me yet . nobody has acknowledged me or spoken to me , so i will park my car here until i get my order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what happens when you have 3 people doing 1 job ? ? you get this idiocracy ! pulled up here to get a `` quick breakfast '' to go and i was just irritated out othere beyond belief . first : you have to pull up to one employee who takes your order face to face ( rang me up at $ 4.73 , ) then u pull up to another window where u have to 2nd window where jerk tells u first window is an idiot and price is now $ 6.93 . second window wants you to pay higher price before going to 3rd window to collect `` fast food '' . 2nd window gets supervisor who wastes more time and sticks to new higher price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok let 's not talk about the food . we all know it 's bad for you and evil , whatever . what i like about this particular mcdonald 's is the face to face drive through ! i love not yelling into a speaker and hoping they heard me correctly . it 's so refreshing to just talk to someone face to face . i have n't been here a lot , but i can say i 've had no errors in my food - quite impressive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know , i know . i dine at some of the best places in the city , but we all have those late night snack-cidents . this is the 2nd time i 've been to mcdonald 's in over 10 years . not exaggerating . it 's gross . it 's still gross and will forever be gross . do n't know what i was thinking , but it was late and it was the only place open en route to our destination . food was cold . staff was rude..and i was double charged . luckily my bank is amazing and will reverse the charge . even the drive through was weird . no intercom menu system that every drive through on the planet has . gross . my reviews are usually long and detailed , but i 've got nothin . sorry guys . next time -- grilled cheese at home lol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it would be nice if the people at the drive in were not trained to hand you your food and run away without giving you a chance to ask for ketchup . otherwise nice location but the customer service needs improvement , at least ask people if they want it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this mcdonald 's for 8 years . service both through the lobby and drive thru are always sopt on . the food is consistent at peak rush times , however non-peak hours the food is horrible . french fries are gummy and soft and the new buttermilk chicken sandwich is over fried , dry , hard and the bread is like two pieces of bark . on the average if you want fresh anything , ask for the fries fresh off the grill and make sure you custom make your sandwich ( i.e. , no ketchup or pickles or add extra ) it 's a little bit of a wait , but worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this tasty bacon clubhouse burger had a perfect zing of flavor that popped right after the first bite , and sent my taste buds on a first class trip to party city . as the box says , 'the different ingredients `` mingle '' on an artisan roll ' , and they form a flawless blend that puts a smile on your face . i would recommend it to anyone and everyone , as i find it is one of the most scrumptious things on mcdonalds menu . they also provided fast , friendly , and accurate customer service . definitely the best mcdonalds out there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's mcdonalds that should say a lot . i really do n't like the way their drive thru works ... why cant i just order at the board ? it would be so much easier if you had the menu in front of you to double check what the guy at the window is saying ... it 's not like they were going to getting right anyway . i do give mcd 's credit for having great ice cream ! i do n't know why but i have always loved their cones ... it 's really the only edible thing there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can i say about good ol ' mcdonalds . morning & late night orderings lines do get pretty long . especially since its near the freeway so it gets pretty hectic . had there big breakfast & oatmeal several times and the oatmeal is pretty dry ! i wish they put a little more milk or something in there . also , i tried the dipped cone & was not good . but mcdonalds fries are never a disappointment : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was impressed by the staff 's friendliness ! they got my order wrong once , but they were so kind and quick to correct the issue that i was actually happy ! i was really impressed by the food quality and fast service ! i really enjoy coming here . they have n't gotten my order wrong since ! ! great service and food is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free wifi saved my butt when mine at home froze up ! and i was there late enough to get a free apple pie that someone ordered but never picked up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very fast and friendly , clean and courteous , considering how busy they are on black friday", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now , here i was , lil ol ' john , thinkin ' all mickey donalds had quality control across all locations . imagine my shock when i bite into these guys ' big mac and find myself floored ... i 'm talkin ' mouth plummeting to the floor here , people ... by the taste . seriously , guys . this big mac is by far the best i 've tried at any mcdonalds , and i 've eaten at mcdonalds in greece and the uk . knocked down a star because the waitress was rude and disinterested in her job . fries are good , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great live drive thru . preferable to reciting order into an impersonal box . good staff and order accuracy as well . also , location location location . it is a very easy in and out on the way to anywhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so reviewing mcdonald 's is like reviewing america . it 's been around a while and everybody has had time to form their own opinion . the thing i will review today is their new oatmeal . i usually hit starbucks every morning before the gym for coffee and their `` perfect oatmeal '' as they call it . i like it enough and it 's a cheap , healthy , low calorie breakfast . i was curious when micky d 's started pitching their own . i have now tried it a few times at a few different locations and have to admit , it might be better ! it 's a tad more money and a tad higher in calories but it tastes and looks lie a better product . next time you are hitting that drive thru for a sausage bacon mcbiscuitmuffin sandwich , try the oatmeal instead and give your body and wallet a small break !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean . friendly . great customer service . fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service ! the guy could not get our order right and then overcharged us . then gave us the receipt and exclaimed , : if there 's a problem take it up with my manager at the next window ! '' he was very rud ! then the non-english-speaking manager came over and we told her to cancel our order and it took her several minutes to do so , but only after asking us what we wanted to do . then they short changed us ! and you want $ 15 per hour ? good luck with that ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst mcdonald 's but i have want to . why i say that coz even a person the is wearing a tie that i think is the manager did n't even help in fact she is the one that insist not to help me . that is so sad because you know what they say it 's hard to find good help our days and i do n't like that because i 'm on the same industry has them but with this mcdonald 's store you could say `` it 's hard to find good help ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "uuuughhhhhgg ! ! ! i asked for mild sauce with my burritos , i asked for buffalo sauce with my chicken , i need katsup for my fries ! ! ! he said `` no problem '' . i have no sauces that i asked for , not a single packet of anything ! ! i have dry fries , sad fries . what is the deal ! ! why ! ! iam so angry , just spent 28 $ on dinner , and now i ca n't eat it . i hate mcdonald 's", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so happy i randomly came to this mc donalds before my shift ! ! every one i go to never seems to have expresso shots for their iced coffees ! & & to my surprise this one did ! ! ! so happy ! not to mention all their new hires at every window did a good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , fast service . too many flies inside the restaurant ! needs to be taken care of .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simple order oatmeal with brown sugar and hot tea with two splenda and two creams what i received oatmeal with fruit in it already hot water no tea bag no cram no sugar lovely", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i give this mcdonald 's 5 stars comparing it to other mcdonalds restaurants in the las vegas henderson area . service is fast whether you 're in the drive-thru or ordering inside..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , i complained about how they messed up my order at the other mcdonald , the staff replaced my order here at no charge ! wow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "idiots . screwed up all three items . left the tarter off my filet . gave me pickles . 15 minute drive thru time eff this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disappointed . the service has been real good here . until tonight . there was a totally different crew there tonight . i understand that things may have been crazy there tonight because they were only able to take cash . still yet , if you make a mistake own up to it and make it right . i do n't like writing these kinds of reviews because i like to be fair . tonight though , they really disappointed me . i called the restaurant after i got home and spoke to a manager named scott . he 's not the one that i dealt with while i was there but he tried to make the situation right . thank you to scott for at least trying to make it right . ( 12 9 15 , around 6:30 pm , drive thru and i went inside )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "august 6 , 2016 . 7:10am . drive thru , clerk ks # 13 k 's order 42 . total of check was $ 3.87 , i tendered a twenty dollar bill , received $ 16.10 change with explanation , `` we are out of pennies so your change is 3 cents short . '' really . this is not the first instance that i have been intentionally short changed by a server counter person . the point here is the bad practice , not the amount of the shortage . the manager came to the window and confirmed this is their standard practice . i got my three cents and probably a ban from that mcdonald 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i know mcdonald 's is n't the most health-conscious , but you know as well as i do that it is the best place to get a coca-cola ! mcdonald 's ' coke mix is by far the best of any place i 've ever been and their consistency with that taste is what keeps brining me back when i 'm looking for a quick drink . add a large fry with a little salt and i 'm in heaven ! the service has always been exceptional at this location although it does get a lot of transients . the staff is always friendly , greeting you with a smile , and taking care of business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i normally do n't eat at mcdonald 's but that 's where my 4-year-old grandson wanted to go so here we are . this one is clean , with friendly employees , a visible working manager and the food -- well it 's typical mcdonald 's : ) which is good that it 's considtrn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my visit here march 12 , 2017 was very unsatisfying , i was told to wait in the # 1 spot as my food was going to take a little , we wait and they arrive with the food , i ask if everything is in the bag and they say yes everythings in the bag . well i guess i should know better because they forgot my large fry and my pack of cookies . this is one fast food restraunt that will be losing my bussiness .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here after a soccer game for lunch around 1pm and it was crazy in the parking lot making it hard to find a spot . once in we placed our order but going to a mcdonalds drive through or not i always get pickles and onions when i ask for them not to put any on . maybe i speak softly or maybe i am speaking in a different language . i did n't even go back to get a new one since the line was so long . but , i have to say this location is very clean . they always have someone cleaning up inside and outside the location . no kid area but after a great game of soccer my daughter just needed to worry about her lunch . we would go back again and maybe i will just order something else that does n't have onions or pickles say a salad which would be good for my hips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if we go to chipotle a little further down , we will hit this on the way back for $ 1 drinks . bargain dinner ftw . food is always correct when i order it and all the people that i 've encountered there are pleasant . i 've been inside the restaurant itself once and it 's nice & clean . most of the time i go through the drive-thru and always receive prompt service . easy in out driveway which is a huge plus for me ; enter from eastern , exit onto st. rose . wham , bam , thank you ma'am .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry , but mcdonald 's is the ultimate american comfort food ! i 'm not going to comment on the disparity of different mcdonald 's experiences and locations ... our typical order ( regardless of where we get our micky d 's ) : raw gets a double quarter pounder with cheese , large fries and a large coke , me a plain double cheeseburger , small fries and a small coke ... and we share a ten piece mc nuggets with sweet n ' sour . the bad news ... i 'm not having mc donald 's again until i lose the ten pounds i 've gained eating it while moving from sacramento to vegas . yikes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we frequent this location as it is in our office buildings parking lot . this is a super busy [ maybe one of the busiest locations i have ever been to ! ] ; the drive-thru moves quickly and the service is always great and everyone is always very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good . no complaints . i ca n't believe how busy the drive through at this place always is . they must be one of the top grossing mcdonald 's in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "does mcdonald 's really need a review ? it 's hot outside , so it 's a perfect place to grab a cheap drink . i also like their mccafe coffees . food obviously less than mediocre , but we all love the dollar menu . line was horrendous around 1:00pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited 43 minutes to get my food.i order 2 sausage egg mcmuffins.just got home and no egg.really pathetic.id wait for food if they would make it hot and the right order.thanks for ruining my morning", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while the food and service are okay , the problem is the flimsy plastic chairs they have . they 're so light and frail , it always feels like they 'll fall apart !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no bueno ! ! the guy who took my order over the phone was unprofessional & said our food would be ready in 5min . we did n't believe him so we took out time and got the 15min after we ordered . when we got there he was just making our pizza ... wtf ! i was in a hurry and he did n't seem to care . i ordered the classic white with gluten free crust . good flavor but very dry & the crust was not gluten free as i got sick . i also ordered a margharita w pepperoni . my boyfriend said it was just ok..like a frozen pizza . the beet salad was gross ! ! the butter lettuce was not cut up ... too much blue cheese crumbles & the beets were pickeled , not roasted . i did n't eat it . after all said and done , my brother told me later that he ordered from them & did n't like it either so we all will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've heard great reviews about this place for the longest time so i finally decided to try it . i am not at all impressed . i live roughly five minutes from this location so i figured pick up pizza and head home . so when my husband and i got home the pizza to our surprise was already cold . if i had known i needed to eat it in the restaurant in order for it to still be 'warm ' i would n't have bothered . the char on the pizzas were a little over done even for a brink oven pizza . the pizza was not done ( dough was still raw in some places ) . i expected better and i love brick oven pizzas . the best part about this pizza was the crust . the 'spicy ' sauce was not at all spicy . the manager was hanging around eating and drinking at their little bar in the corner of the room .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were greeted as soon as we got there . we were waiting for additional people so we had a seat and got some drinks . once we were ready , they let us know how it worked . you pick your size first , either 7 inch or 10 inch . 3 different dough choices , neopolitan , gluten free or whole wheat . several sauces , i got pesto , since i am not a huge fan of red sauce . very fresh and unique ingredients that i have never seen at any pizza place . i ended up with pancetta , salami , smoked mozzarella and mushrooms . then it is cooked in a beauty of a wood fired kiln . fast , woodsy and crispy . everyone in our party loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with this place . first , i called in an order and they told me it would be ready in 20 minutes . when i arrived in 20 minutes , the food had not even been prepared for baking . so i waited another 20 minutes . i would have let this slide because it was busy , but there were then issues with the food . one pizza was burnt on the bottom , and the calzone dough was raw on one side with unmelted cheese in the middle . not a good experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they seem to be having growing pains since opening the newer locations so we will not b back even though their salad is the best hard to get anyone to clean a table lots of young people running things with little experience it 's too bad that this great idea has been corrupted . well drive to grimaldis from now on", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here during the soft opening and was immediately impressed with the great decor and mouth watering smells that filed the air . i love the style of ordering too . they have a wall menu where you chose between bianco or margherita style and then a variety of toppings . i ordered the bianco with pancetta , basil , a sprinkle of romano cheese and an egg to top it all then in the oven it went and was ready almost before we sat down . simply delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the manager owner is normally on site to welcome you , greet , seat and help you order . i love my canoli . it was my 3rd time here but first time having a canoli . tis is our lunch spot ! ! affordable and clean location . the employees are always vibrant and interactive with guest . i love it here ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been coming here and recommending it since it first opened- however , its not the same , service and caring about their customers is continuing going down , way way down . my husband and i went there last sunday night after a long day of working the thought of their pizza & chopped salad and a couple beers sounded like a nice way to unwind - wrong - as we were eating trying to have a discussion of the days events , i realized we are talking really loud , what is that awful loud noise in background ? ? they had the tv on `` the family guy '' a cartoon and quite loud ! ! ! i suppose so the employees could hear it -- -i could have stayed home and ordered a pizza while kids are running around the house with cartoons on -- what happened to background music to enjoy your meal ? the food was good came home with headache", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is just okay . i 'm a big fan of pizza , and i know what a good pizza consists of . although the taste was good , the dough was dry . super dry . aside from that , their stromboli was perfection !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good pizza . i was intrigued to try pizza cooked quickly with high heat . i was very pleased . prices add up quickly , but a fun and novel approach . white sauce was delicious and love all of the fresh ingredients . we will definitely return . i want to try a calzone next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we did enjoy this place very much , portion size was great especially with the side caesar salad . i had the chef mark pizza pesto gorgonzola spinach meatball which was amazing ! ! i love the that they serve draft peroni and have fresh gelato and cannoli ! this is a must try if you live in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the best napoli style pizza ... go to novecento ! ! ! their hand-tossed , made to order pizza is cooked in their wood burning oven at 900 degrees ... . thus the name `` novecento '' . my husband & i have been to napoli , italy ; had pizza several times there , but still prefer the napoli style pizzas at novecento ! ! ! you can order from their menu ; or create your own pizza with the toppings you like . everything they make is great ! prices so affordable ! they also serve gluten free pizzas ! gelato , italian coffee & drinks also available . this is the only place we go for the true napoli style pizza ! ! chef marc ... . did it again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been dying to find an amazing pizza shop like we had in midwest ... hello , novecento ! ! ! amazing calzone & salads . had a group of 9 and all of us loved everything we had as well as the service and atmosphere . well done ! ! new favorite spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love this pizza ! every time i come here the service is always fast , sometimes not always as friendly but its usually later in the evening . ive brought many people in with me and they say its a great place as well . i also love the military discount . keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten many a wood fired pizza and novecento is authentic naples style . its a set up i have never seen before , where you order your pizza like at a cafateria . by the time you pay and sit at a table ... .your pizza arives . because of the 900 degree oven your pizza cooks in about 2 mins max . i had the traditional margarita with tomato , mozzerella , fresh basil and olive oil . it was delicious and you can eat a whole pizza yoursself . there are lots of toppings to choose from if you like alot of stuff on your pizza . they have beer and wine and soft drinks . they have salads and other items to choose from on the menu . i had a ceasar salad also that was very good . the owner has to be italian cause the food is very authentic naples style . i recommend it . i wish we had a novecento in our town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was some awesome pizza and it was ready fast in their 900 degree oven . only problem is that it can be a bit pricey , especially since there are so many good things to order . i enjoyed everything we ordered . if your kids are like mine and think chuck-e-cheese is good pizza then you might want to leave them at home since you wo n't get bang for your buck . definitely a good place to go with coworkers or your spouse or boyfriend girlfriend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service takes forever . the girl took like 10 minutes creating our pizzas and we were the only ones in line when we were ordering . when i was sitting , i did n't see the line move for a good 20 minutes because of how slow she works . a dollar a topping is ridiculous . pizza was so burned at the bottom that i actually had ashes on my plate , teeth and under my nails . the top was so soggy that when i held it , everything fell right off it . stick with pieology ... . fast service , cheaper prices , better quality , always cooked to perfection , and not a slimy burnt mess like novecento . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i really enjoyed this place ! we got two pizza 's -the classic margarita and a white pizza - and they were equally delicious . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i fell in love with the pizza in florence , italy ! when we want authentic italian pizza in las vegas , we go to novecento . . . it 's all about the dough and fresh ingredients . add a glass of wine and their truly outstanding gelato , and i 'm in heaven !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite pizza place ! once you master the way the menu works , it 's really good . i get the spicy marinara with fresh buffalo mozzarella n basil . yummy . place ambiance definitely needs help but i usually take it to go . love their lunch special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing pizza place . very clean and friendly customer service . when you go in , you choose your sauce and toppings like subway . it takes 90 seconds for the pizza to be done . the sizes are 7 inch or a 10 inch and the toppings cost a $ 1 per topping . you have to try the spicy sauce ! ! ! definitely will be back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch and got the 7 inch pizza lunch combo . the caesar salad was excellent , but the pizza was amazing . garlic and olive oil base with spicy tomato sauce over it with fresh mozzarella , basil , pepperoni and sausage . thank me later . best pizza i 've had in las vegas to date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i saw wood fired pizza i wanted to try this place out . the sauce made the pizza ! i had the margarita- def try that one ! ! ! i would go back for the food but the atmosphere was more like a take out place less like a restaurant . i would have preferred a sit down and order atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here twice and both times had great pizza ! i love the simple ingredients and the crust was a great texture . it is exactly 90 seconds in the 900 degree oven , so if you want it less `` wet '' in the center you can ask for it to stay in longer . salads are fresh and aromatic . great place for families .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the closest thing to a true neapolitan pizza unless you fly to naples , italy and goto ma tu vulive ! i 'm a purist and only get the margherita . the char on the bottom that people complain about is supposed to be there . that 's what you get with a 900 degree neapolitan pizza oven ! hence the name . met the owner once and told him keep up the great work . this is my favorite pizzeria in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids and i stopped in tonight for dinner . the kids ordered 2 ten inch pizzas and i had the eggplant parmesan . they make it fresh right in front of you and they use fresh ingredients . the kids loved the pizza although the crust gets a black charcoal underneath from the stone oven . when my son was done eating his finger tips were black . the eggplant parmesan was good , a little hotter would be nice , it 's not your traditional eggplant parmesan meaning it 's not breaded . overall , everything was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , i had seen this place before , but had never gone in side . that is until about 1 month ago . when a fellow yelper did a review . then i thought why have i never gone in before ? ? so i did . dangerous ? yes , for me . i have the shopping disease as many of my friends tell me . dsw really brought that out in me . maybe that is why i avoid it . but , this place is stacked high with many fabulous pairs of shoes . all at a fairly reasonable price . so hello dsw the shoe wonderland . it is clean and well organized , so you can search and actually find what you are looking for . yest another wonderful thing . they also have a rewards program , so the more you shop , they more you save . which is another reason why i love to shop ! by the way it is located in the tempe market place . so lots of parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dammit ! i had no intention of buying a new pair of shoes today . i looked down at my foot after lunch and discovered the sole was separating from the shoe . naturally , this occurred while on a business trip . bekah was the young lady who helped me struggle through the experience of trying to find a pair of shoes which would presumably have a break in period one could measure in seconds . the last thing i wanted was a pair that would cause blisters when i trudge through the airports on my way home in a couple of days . they have a much better than average selection of men 's dress and dress casual shoes . i walked out with two pairs and directions to one of their other stores . i ultimately returned both pairs i bought there after finding a more suitable pair at their other location but that is no reflection of the shopping experience in this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world '' this dsw in tempe marketplace is my absolute one stop shop for all kinds of footwear flip flops , wedges , pumps , boots you name it they have it.they stock all of my favorite brands like bcbg , steve madden , aldo , guess , franco sarto and many more . dsw is my happy place.i have never ever walked out of this store without buying shoes . the staff is friendly and always happy to help.if you like a shoe but ca n't find the right size the staff will look it up for you and even put it on hold in other dsw stores.now that is some awesome stuff ! do n't forget to sign up for their rewards program they send you coupons and offers in the mail.they also sell bags , clutches , hats and other accessories . cheers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally , a dsw in tempe ! they have a wide selection of different brands and styles here , as well as a good selection of purses to choose from . the clearance section is always my first stop , followed by a thorough browsing of each aisle . : ) i 'm always like a kid in a candy store at a dsw . there 's always something tempting to buy ! service was cheerful and friendly . if you 're part of their rewards program you can rack up points towards a coupon ( i redeemed a $ 10 coupon this visit ) , and they 'll also give you discounts for your birthday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ankle injury likely due to my flat platypus feet - and long story short - i wound up looking for better shoes , i chose a shoe that i liked and was about to check out and buy it - when one of the guys working pointed out that the shoe i chose was not the right choice for my foot ( i had asked them earlier for brand suggestions on shoes for flat feet ) , and then he took the time to tell me what kind of shoe i needed to be purchase and gave an extensive explanation of how i could identify the right shoe ( though they were out of stock for the kind of shoe that i would 've liked ) , but never the less this was one of the nicest customer service experiences i had had - i will definitely be going back to these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i personally shop the clearance section all the time . i find all these awesome deals on crazy shoes that i love ( cause i have a crazy style ) . the service here has been super nice and i even signed up to get coupons , birthday discounts , and newsletters because they were so awesome to me . my favorite place for shoes , for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my partner and i needed dress shoes for a wedding . after going to two other stores which had tiny selections in my sweetie 's shoe size ( 13 ) , we went to dsw . they had a decent selection of dress shoes in his size . i would n't say it was large , but it was huge compared to what we found at other stores . the prices for men 's dress shoes seemed a bit high : $ 70 - $ 100 , with the `` true '' dress shoes being $ 100 . my shoes were affordable . pretty shoes starting at about $ 30 - $ 40 . purses started at $ 30 , with $ 50 appearing to be the median price . the salesperson was polite , courteous and helpful . we would both go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped into this store to purchase some dress shoes for a new job i started and i must say , i was rather pleased . the employees were super nice and super helpful as they walked around and asked if we were finding everything ok . there are some businesses that understand the importance of customer service ... i mean , with social media , you ca n't really be mean to customers anymore . this business is part of the elite that get it . the shoes are n't badly priced and they have a pretty wide selection of designer brands . definitely a good place if you 're looking for something nice without having to pay out the rear .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "corrected a mistake made on an online order with promptness and a good attitude . thank you for your help and patience with this issue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed with this company for the following reason : can you explain to me why you have a 7000 sq ft store that carries zero woman 's hiking shoes ? again , the store is in the desert where hiking is the # 1 activity . additionally , 3 4 of your store is dedicated to women 's shoes . the store associate said at one point you had 1 women 's hiking shoe and the store sold out . would n't this be a clue to sell more women 's hiking shoes ? i find it very sexist since you have 10 skus of men 's hiking shoes . sounds like a good investigative news story .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a pair of nine west heels for 30 $ . need i say more ? clean , polite staff , huge selection , clearance . the perfect store . everyone knows this already .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best shoe place ever ... ... ... i can always find my tennis shoes here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice location and has really good deals . i found a really cute pair of heels in the clearance section . after the 70 % off the shoes they came to a total of $ 16.42 with tax . if you are looking for a nice deal on shoes , visit this location because i definitely will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tanner luxury auto is a `` top notch '' family owned commpany . from the front desk to the shop , the service is superior . being a female and having to take my car in can be a uncertain experience . at tanner i have always been treated wonderful . they are very honest and professional.things are explained in a clear manner and i have never felt rushed . from detailing to major body repair , the work they have done on my car has been exceptional . the estimates are very reasonable in that they quote what is best for the long term of the car and for your budget ! i am so impressed with tanner luxury auto . i would trust sending anyone from a teenager to a grandparent , a brand new car to a vintage car , and i would know that the service and quality of work would be consistent and exceed your expectations ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what great luck that we went to tanner collision . being in an accident is never fun , but it 's nice when you come across very nice and honest people . mike , sandy and frank are those type of people . mike tanner took so much time explaining the process and giving such great advice in regards to dealing with the insurance company . mike was patient and so kind in dealing with our situation . i highly recommend tanner collision . from the moment sandy answers the phone you know that it 's the right decision . mike will be there every step of the way and he is so helpful and knowledgable . thank you very much for making this easier on our family . go to tanner collision , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give 6 stars if possible . i am about as anal as they come when it comes to my car . i can tell you every scratch and knick on my car . i recently needed some work done on my bumper , and ed and team did a fantastic job . i can not even tell where the damage was . i had quotes from cheaper places , but i was not convinced the quality would be there . plus , ed did a great job explaining the repair in detail . he never once knocked the competition , but rather , he sold his own shop . thanks to a job well done . i would highly recommend tanner to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "words ca n't express enough how amazing this place is . from the second i called them to schedule bringing my car in to after picking up my vehicle i have been impressed . my boyfriend has used them in the past and when i was in a car accident he insisted i bring my car here . state farm low balled my repairs and offered to pay for my vehicle to be fixed ( 2013 hyundai tucson ) but not with oem parts and not having any of the pumpers , doors , mirrors etc replaced . mike tanner renegotiated with state farm and was able to get everything done right . all new parts instead of just pulling out dents and repainting . they went above and beyond . not to mention they fully detailed my car , i was not expecting that . it was show room new once again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my volvo dealer recommended tanner after i rear-ended another car . i initially spoke with mike tanner who worked with me on a ride back to my house after i dropped off my car . he and his staff are very professional , friendly and most importantly did a great job on restoring my volvo c30 back to `` like-new '' condition . i checked on the progress of my car a couple of times and spoke to ed from the shop who took the time to answer my questions . a much better experience than when i 've used the `` assembly line '' franchise body shops who are impersonal and do n't seem to care about their work . would recommend tanner to anyone who cares about quality work done by quality professionals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lets face it , if you 're at a body shop you have had a bad day . mike and his staff make the process as painless as possible . dealing with tanner reminds me of living back home in new england and talking with an old family friend . they are friendly , explain everything and offer options without being pushy . the work they do is amazing . my car looks brand new , the work was completed sooner than promised and my car was spotless inside and out when i picked it up . they even stayed a few extra minutes after closing when i was on my way so i could get my car that day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike tanner and his crew fixed our volvo xc60 after i was rear-ended on the freeway . i could not be happier with the results ! sandy , his office gal , was very helpful from the get go , and mike did a great job keeping me informed about the needed repairs and handled all dealings with the insurance company so i did n't have to . they really make a great team and provide exceptional customer service and repair work . highly recommended ! ! hopefully we wo n't be back ... but if in need of auto repair they will be our first choice for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike and the whole tanner team are great to work with ! we have taken our xc90 there twice and been extremely satisfied both times . i can not say enough good things about tanner collision . they are polite , responsive , honest , thorough and fast ! they go above and beyond in the little things . they worked with our insurance company even though they were n't a `` preferred repair shop '' and that did not slow done the process on getting the job done and back to us quickly . i do not hesitate to recommend them to anyone needing body work done on their vehicle . thank you mike for your great family owned business ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had such a great experience with tanner collision ! last year i got into a parking lot accident that wrecked the back corner of my subaru forester . i searched repair shops on google and chose tanner because the website looked legit and i liked the idea of going to a family-owned and operated shop . my interactions with sandy at the front desk and mike tanner himself were great and i immediately knew my car was in good hands when i left it there . i ended up getting a few other minor repairs done and when i got the car back it felt practically brand new- major bonus points because they detail cleaned it before returning it to me ! ! ! i would n't hesitate to take my car back or recommend this shop to a friend . i am very grateful to them for the fine work they did and the way they communicated with me throughout the process , and i hope they enjoy continued success for many years to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not something you want to admit but both my husband and i have brought our cars to tanner for collision repair . their work is exceptional and their service is stellar . they will work with your insurance company and take much of that worry off your shoulders . mike , sandy and the tanner team are wonderful to work with . as i 've said to them before , jokingly , i hope i never have to see them again but , if the worst happens with our vehicles , we wo n't hesitate coming to tanner collision !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "santo 's italian cuisine has been around for years ... ... ... .years ... . years ... ... .. so i guess the waiter got old , the patrons got old ... and they never really renovate the place ... . ( yawning ) we got there around 9:15 pm on a weekday and the restaurant was empty ... ( yawning ) aside from another table of senior couple . even the menu stayed the same for years ... . and all the traditional italian comfort food can be found insalata alla cesare ( $ 7.95 ) linguine frutti di mare ( $ 16.95 ) spaghettini al ragu ( $ 13.95 ) all a-ok ! the portion is hearty and good for the price . at least my boyfriend who only order seafood linguine with tomato sauce in every single italian restaurant did n't complain ! ( yawning , honey is not you ... i just had a rough day ! ) zzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzzz zzzzzzz they also has some prix menu specials from $ 25.00 available sunday-friday . no lunch specials as they are only open dinner time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great family style type of restaurant in the thornhill hood . the service was really good as folks were very friendly . when the restaurant has a lot of people , it 's a bit difficult to talk to the person beside you as it 's quite loud . their wine list per glass is quite limited . the pasta was very filling and portions were huge for the price you paid . we also had the garlic bread with cheese for the appetizer , and that did not disappoint us at all . i recommend this to anyone looking for a local italian restaurant uptown - price and food is very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "santos is exceptional . be sure to order the pasta dishes as well as the lamb since it will just melt in your mouth . the servers are very warm and friendly , and they have a very intimate dinning room . tuesday nights they have a live jazz band playing as a bonus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was here for my bday meal . cozy restaurant hidden in a north york plaza off yonge street ( north of steeles ) - was pleasantly surprised ! there was sufficient parking in the plaza which was convenient . no pizza ! ! ! accidentally binged before dinner so , split the calamari and mushroom risotto . calamari - 5 5 ( served with two types of dipping sauces and sauteed bits of garlic and fresh herbs ... generous portions ... oddly , no calamari rings but , i did n't care ) mushroom risotto - 5 5 ( tons of mushrooms ... the risotto was perfectly cooked which is very rare because most places , the risotto has the consistency of mucus or sand ... you could really taste the cheese ... came out hot ... generous portion as well ) my friends had the veal and chicken parmesan and they said it tasted great . huge portions as well . will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! we had office christmas party at santo 's last week and the food there was just incredible . i had bruschettas and mushroom salad for appetizer and veal quatro formaggio ( in 4 cheese sauce ) as a main dish . my friend had beef tenderloin and i tried a piece - perfect ! the decor and service was so so , but the food was so incredible that we did n't really care . the restaurant is quite expensive , glad the company was paying : ) yet , it certainly goes to my list of places for special occasions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great service , great atmosphere . music a little too loud , hard to talk . the bruschetta was excellent . the 2 other veal mains were also fantastic . ordered tiramisu for dessert , it was light and fluffy . definitely recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on our first night in toronto , my nearly 15 year old son asked me to lookup a good italian restaurant for dinner . i found this place on yelp and we drove over there to find that it was closed for a private party . we ended up having surprisingly good pizza at a counter service place . we tried again last night , and found that they had a jazz band and all tables were reserved all night . we ended up having homemade , delicious pasta at another surprising counter service place . i made a reservation for tonight . we had what my son considers to be the best chicken parmesan ever . he was as happy with this meals as those we 've had in italy . success !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were here with a party of 17 for a pre-xmas dinner . there were small children and one 96-year old , so it was a tough group . there was a set menu with choices , but the service was slapdash and sometimes abrupt , the food just ok -- bruschetta , salad , pasta for the kids , fish risotto steak chicken for adults dessert . nothing was terrible , nothing very well done . i doubt i 'd ever return here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the meal was fabulous ! ! from the bread , the bruschetta and salad to the delicious veal parmesan ! ! from beginning to the end was amazing ! the tiramisu was the best i have ever had followed by delicious coffee ! ! all in all the best italian meal i have had ! when we return to toronto we will definitely return ! ! highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , reasonable pricing . will definitely go back there again . had the lamb chops and veal chop . portions are good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm only visiting toronto and have found a number of very good italian restaurants , but only here have i found one that captures the atmosphere of the family owned and operated italian restaurant so well known in new york , new jersey and boston . the food was very good but made all that better by a wonderful atmosphere . you need to come here and slow down and enjoy it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and excellent service , foods are great , and we are enjoying the live music tonight", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love eating at this restaurant . food is consistently good , well priced and cozy . even had live music the one night that we went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised about this place since it 's located in a strip mall beside a no frills but the service was great and the food tasted amazing . i find usually places that serve large portions do n't always taste very good but that 's not the case here . large portions and the food is fantastic . i had the veal santos with potatoes and vegetables . i 'm excited to come and try some other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the real italian place . good foods and wine selection . we order the typical dishes and they all turn out the way it should be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my meal here at santos . the portions were generous , the environment was warm and inviting - it was a bonus that we came on a tuesday and we got to eat with live jazz playing . i enjoyed the flavours of my pasta ... yum ! my fettuccine rustico ( with smoked shredded beef , mushroom , cracked peppercorn in vodka sauce ) was really good , my friend 's mushroom risotto was really yummy too ( and i 'm usually very picky with my risotto ) , the bruschetta and the fried calamari are must orders as well ! especially the bruschetta because it 's usually not done well at other restaurants . it was so good at santos , i could have had more ! i 'm definitely going to go back to santos for another dinner ... i already know i want the spaghetti carbonara ( cream sauce and bacon and egg goodness ! ) and am secretly hoping someone orders the mushroom risotto again : p a must try place for all pasta lovers and all pastas are very reasonably priced . bon appetit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my rating on this restaurant is 3.5 stars . found this place on yelp and went for dinner on a saturday night . walked into a full restaurant and got one of the last tables available so i definitely recommend making reservations . not your typical trendy restaurant , more of an old school neighbourhood spot . the food we ordered was again good but dated . caprese salad had no basil which im really picky about , and minestrone was good if you 're in the mood for a soup . we had a penne vodka and risotto al funghi for mains and both were good not great . no room for desert as portion sizes are large . service was good only thing i could critique is that mains came out way too quick which rushed our meal and bottle of wine . server even came out to give us our take out that we left behind when leaving , which is much appreciated and hence the extra half star ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freaking awesome . came with mom and pop and we got the set dinner menu with soup salad , bruschetta , veal parmigiana risotto salmon and dessert . and for real everything was so good . every bite i felt umami fill my mouth ... flavours so on point . the sundries tomatoes of the bruschetta , drizzled with olive oil ; or the pistachio ice cream with fruits ever so sweet . everything was perfect and flavours were full and amazing . i will definitely come back for the risotto and mussels next time ... i look forward to seeing you again santos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic little italian restraunt in the no frills plaza at royal orchard and yonge street . most friendly staff and you could not find better bruchetta at any other italian restraunt . try any of their pasta dishes and they are superb . if you are a meat dish eater , the veal is delectable . good wine pairings too if you ask the waitress . altogether you will have a memorable evening if you try this restraunt . there is a reason it has been there for well over 15 years . give it a try . prices are very reasonable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 stars for food what else can i say - been here on and off for a few years , like maybe once a year . the food is good and authentic italian . please , please , please do n't mind the stripe mall and older neighborhood , and give yourself a chance to this local gem . you will be glad that you have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , friendly and comfortable restaurant . remember to make reservations early as it fills up fast on weekends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a simple little restaurant , with a pretty simple menu consisting of mostly salads , sandwiches and hot dogs . the decorating was a collection of everything from bob marley to frank sinatra posters to knick knacks of golf , concerts , etc . as the restaurant name implies , the place has a relaxed `` flip flops '' welcome feel . food . we opted for the chili-cheese fries since our sandwiches were going to come with chips . a simple grilled cheese ( $ 2.99 ) sounded good to me and the lady friend got the blt ( $ 3.99 ) . both sandwiches were served on texas toast and were satisfying . for some reason , our meals ended up with fries instead of chips after all . i had a landsharks draft for $ 2.50 ( 14 ounces ) . they had a few other draft beers and a standard selection of bottled beer . the thing that attracted us to check it out was the patio area , unfortunately by the time we got there the wind storm threat had picked up so we were forced inside . maybe next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute little restaurant ! my husband ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with fries and i ordered the bbq sandwich ! both were great ! the bbq sandwich has this homemade cole slaw on it that was very tasty ! they were playing great music ! great atmosphere ! great service ! ! we did n't order any alcohol but looks like they have good drink specials as well . menu had anything from bbq , salads , chicken sandwiches , hotdogs , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a very good experience tonight . we had to send a burger back twice and to top it off the manager complained about the `` pos '' system as if to blame the undercooked burger on that instead of the cooks . the service was very good but the burger was enough for us to consider not visiting again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have only eaten once but it was really good . the waitress was really nice and the food was tasty . i had wings and a side order of fries and my friend got the black bean burger i could wrong on the name the wings were nice and they were not baby wings and the sauce i they used was good . it was the average wing sauce that everyone serves . the burger was great though . it was like eating chili in a burger form . the atmosphere is great here the the staff does not bother you . i could say if your in the area and want something a little different then give thise a shot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by for lunch and had a great experience . the staff was very friendly and the food was great . they are in the process of changing the menu and we had new items . had the crab cake blt , soft pretzel sticks with real deli mustard , bbq potato skins and we sampled the pimento cheese . all the food was fantastic ! good drink specials too . ca n't wait for spring so we can hang on the patio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a very nice time at flip flops . the waitress was fun and sociable and the ambiance was something the kids could get into . the food was fine ; i had a shrimp po boy and it was tasty ( and a bit big , had to deconstruct it to eat it ! ) we 'd probably go back when we 're looking for something casual and easy-going for dinner . it sure beats the likes of o'charleys and applebees !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't really expect too much from a key-cutting business . all i need is for the copies of my keys to work . the proprietor of this business goes beyond cutting your keys , and provides service with a smile . standard keys cost $ 3 , they are fully guaranteed : the keys have a stamp on them with their name on it , so you do n't even need a receipt . if your key does n't work , just bring it back . i only wish they had slightly longer hours of business . they close at 5:30 on most days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought a high-security padlock from these people several years ago and i 'm very satisfied with my purchase . finding abloy locks in toronto is a challenge and the $ 60 for this padlock is a great investment for my apartment building 's locker room . most of the other tenants use those inexpensive $ 3 - 5 locks from convenience stores but i would n't trust them one bit . my abloy 's security rating is such that it can be used in such secure places as an electrical substation or other high security environment because the two keys supplied can not be copied by any hardware store . only an abloy dealer can do that and one needs to bring in the original registration card as well . a visit to the abloy canada website will show the benefits of this type of high-security lock system . the staff were very helpful and showed me the value for money and i do n't regret the purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was sent to them by wieners home hardware . a piece of my deadbolt needed replacement and he had it and explained the replacement process . i asked about getting a better lock , and he made a lock that matched my original key . when i had some installation problems , he helped me over the phone . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to locksmiths & safeman on baldwin since i moved to toronto in 2007 . they have never failed me . this includes providing me with reasonably priced replacements for honda , kawasaki , bmw and royal enfield motorcycles ! staff are knowledgable , service unbeatable and quality is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "previous comments are spot on . quick , knowledgable , and friendly service . the keys themselves are engraved with their logo and are fully guaranteed so you can just bring them back if there are any issues ( but you wo n't because they 'll be perfect ! ) . had a few sets of door and mailbox keys cut for around $ 3 each . they all fit very well into their respective locks . very much the opposite my experience with the keys i had cut at canadian tire ( dundas bay ) . for those i had to go back not 1 , not 2 , but 3 times before i got a set of keys cut well enough to actually work ( with minor wiggling ) . save yourself the trouble , pay the little extra bit , support a local business , and get a superior product . then pat yourself on the back for being so savvy and treat yourself to a tasty gelato from kekou just down the street - you 've earned it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet lock guy . i brought in an over-priced blank key from honda motorcycle and they cut it perfectly for $ 3 ! works like a dream . go here for all your key needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service and knowledgeable staff . my high security key was duplicated in a timely manner . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "previous reviews are spot on : this is a great keys locksmith place . staff are very friendly and service is incredibly fast . i wanted to get an extra set of house and mailbox keys cut . i walked in and they cut it for me on the spot . i paid less than $ 5 and i was out of there in less than 5min ! more importantly , my keys fit into their respective locks perfectly . i did n't have any issues that i had at other locksmith 's ( e.g . key fits but takes some wiggling to use ) . overall , i 'd definitely recommend this place if you 're looking to get keys cut quickly and inexpensively .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't agree more with the other comments . genuine guy who goes out of his way to find that obsolete key and cut it to fit . he smiles too . it matters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to get some odd-ball keys copied that i could n't find at canadian tire , so i decided to call up a few places via yelp . the man ( i wish i got his name ) was very nice , and told me the cost , and that it will take a minute . i went it , and it was easypeasy . the price was half of what the guy at the mall store quoted me , so it was very reasonable . and the keys are stamped with l & s for warranty , in case there are any issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new owners are great and the smoothies are amazing ! an awesome environment , too ! it is a meal replacement with both a tea and protein shake . the people who work there are very knowledgable on the product and are always willing to help people create a more healthy and active lifestyle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite herbal life shake bar in the state of az . personable staff , yummy healthy shakes . i give them a 5 star for excellence . i have lost 120 lbs due to there nutritional guidance . always there for me we love you all .. the shakes are flavorafle and highly nutritious . i have tried every fad diet out there . nichole and sarah teach you it 's not about the diet it 's about the life style .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just know that this is an herbalife multi-level sales store . their purpose is to sign you up as an herbalife distributor . that 's what the free shakes and free classes are for . i 'm giving the low rating because they are n't up front about their true business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so disappointing drove all the way here just to be told as soon as we walk in sorry we are closing . i 'll never come back . hb wellness and powered up would never turn you away ! ! terrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in there this morning . the lady spent barely 10 minutes on my hair ... it was a disaster . i asked for a low faded and she shaved the whole side of my head with a 1 . i do n't care if it was a 13 haircut , i ended spending another 23 bucks getting it fixed at the barbershop salon on the other side of the shopping center . ( i should 've went there first , but did n't know about it ) . but if you want a real haircut ... do n't go here . paid $ 13 for an embarrassing haircut .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being a guy , haircuts are pretty basic . keep it even and do n't make me look like a dork . great clips does a good job of a decent haircut at a decent price . plus my stylist was a super-hot asian chick . finally something for me to look at while getting a haircut . the only drawback is the parking lot . not so big and no traffic light at the intersection . i have to go the opposite direction then u-turn to get back home . a small price to pay to see super-hot asian chick again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got food poisoning from this particular taco bell . : ( will never eat taco bell again . i do n't care how late you 're open or how much i 've had to drink ... it 's not worth it . if you 're looking for great mexican food ... go up the street to fausto 's or roberto 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly and fast . what else do we need to say ? head for this border , they 'll take care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i passed a fausto 's and roberto 's to get here due to a certain loved one preferring the burrito supreme here . a . clean and bright well kept and calm ! b . service is darn good . c. food comes out quickly . not sure what that means ? d. clientele seems not too rowdy . e. uneventful this is a taco bell . even the hot sauce us not too hot or fiery ! not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their new syracha chicken was n't good at all and also the chicken quesadilla , seems like the recipe was changed ! ! ! make it original or i 'll never eat there again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kinda rude at the drive through . i asked if they can hold on one second and she got rude . totally rushed me outa the place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's sad that i am even wasting my time writing about a fast food place but i am fed up with how many times they screw up my order . almost 80 % of the time they get the right order on the screen but then give me something else . get your act together as i am sure i 'm not the only person it happens to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if this spot was n't conveniently close to my school , i recommend staying away . like any other fast food restaurant it is quite dirty . the staff does n't appear enthusiastic when they took my order . the tacos are filling for the price but if you have a few more dollars and crave mexican , go to fausto 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i eat here embarassingly often . i 'm talking 5-10x a year or more ! .. i 'd like to say i 'm drunk everytime i eat here , but like veronica i eat here sober as well ! i have n't gotten food poisoning from taco bell and they have n't screwed up my order very many times either . i always do the drive through , but so far so good ! the beefy cheesy burrito for .99 with the rice and sour cream they are serving right now is my kryptonite . damn you taco bell and your cheap crave-worthy eats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah , i got food poisoning from this taco bell once , too , but hey -- it was n't that bad . i still freakin ' love taco bell and will go back countless more times ( and i already have since then ) . they never seem daunted by my odd special requests , and let 's face it : even though i enjoy my fair share of fine dining & ultra-hip restaurants , there are just some times where all you really want is some take-home taco bell ( yes , even sober ) . ... ( and , yes , i mainly gave it 5 stars to counteract the last reviewer 's 1 star . it 's freakin taco bell , man , not mundo . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the worst taco bell west of the mississippi . i hope whoever owns this franchise get his taco hell privileges revoked . if your freeze machine is down everyday ... invest in a new one ! ! ! what 's the point of going to taco bell without freezes ? should change name to dell taco .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was great ... .as far as food poisoning ... non existent ... .but bring it on ... .always love taco bell ... even though i make the exact same thing at home ... all the way down to meat texture ... ill still go there when im not in the mood to duplicate the recipe ... : ) still love the place though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service ! i understand that mistakes happen . i ordered 2 chicken quesdillas without the green sauce that is put on it and wanted red sauce instead . after i received my order and realized it had the green sauce on it the manager was more interested in telling me the sauce is n't green it 's actually tan . they always get you in the drive through . waste of $ 8 . from looking at the other complaints on here it does n't appear the ownership or the management even care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place is trash 9 10 times i come here the freeze machine is down at all times of the day . 2 hot sauce packs for 3 burritos , an when i got my food it look like a 4 year old pulled it out of an easy bake oven !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not exactly quality food but sometimes hits the spot . most taco bells are pretty similar . similar mediocre food served by people who would rather work somewhere else . this location is clean though and better then some .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always fast & the friendliest workers around ! great drinks & vegetarian fast food yum", "score": "5"}
{"review": "expecting typical taco bell , recent visit was ok . nothing special . usual fast food mexican .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! i was really impressed by my experience here today ! the cashier inside was great at helping me choose something from the menu . he was friendly and knowledgable ! the employees were patient yet quick . the restaurant was clean . my food was delicious and tasted much better than the last time i had been here . the iced tea was also amazing ! as i was leaving the cashier held the door open for me and was very polite ! i will definitely be back , i was really impressed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "calling car boot enthusiasts , bargain hunters and vinyl collectors . packed floor to ceiling with potential swag , backtracks is a shambolic , secondhand shop that sells everything from old record and tape decks to video and dvd players , lights , speakers and playstation machines . some of them are neatly arranged but the majority of stuff feels haphazardly stacked or piled on top of older , dustier stuff . as the title implies , there 's also crates and crates of well played 45s , 33s , tapes and dvds . prices are rock bottom and whilst lots of it could be categorised as bad or forgotten pop , rock , blues or classical , there are some classics from pink floyd , jimi hendrix , the kinks , the who and the beatles if you 're prepared to dig hard enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "right so i have had time to really assess the situation that is backtracks and although i would describe backtracks as wonderfully weird with its random range of items from video games to dusty records , cds and vhs films to instruments , cables and golf balls , this shop is definitely one of a kind . in the same breath i would describe backtracks as a hoarders paradise.you walk in and walk right back out again . the shop is so jam packed full of stuff that you cant even open the door all the way and that saddens me because i bet there are some hidden gems underneath it all . i feel like backtracks is stuck in a rut and needs a complete makeover , no yellow labels on everything , and who really watches video tapes anymore . honestly everything needs to be whipped out , dusted off , begun again , renewed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "squeezing my way around this messy shop full of old cassettes , dusty playstation games , roller skates , keyboards and scatterings of vhs videos i was reminded of the soundtrack to the film trainspotting : `` choose a f @ king big television , choose washing machines , cars , compact disc players and electrical tin openers '' . indeed , in keeping with the film , you 'd probably have to be on some drug induced high to find the concentration levels needed to rout through all the junk . nonetheless backtracks may well stock that sega mega drive you 've always wanted , or indeed that rare super mario game for your old nintendo system . such rare items can sell for hundreds on the likes of amazon or ebay so backtracks could well be an option for the more nostalgic home entertainment enthusiast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a quirky small independent music shop with awesome record and games selection at fairly cheap prices . be prepared to look to find treasures not yet sorted or ask to find in this aladdin 's cave of guitars , tvs and film . i discovered by chance ( you tube ) but ideal for retro games or music dvd , cd gifts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this store . it is so disorganized , at first glance , with everything stacked . huge piles of ... stuff ! but ask the owner , he seem to know every single item in the store . and what price tag he 've put on it . saw quite some rarities , including an atari 2600 with 7-8 games ( \u00a369 incl . 2 games ) . personally i fetced a couple of gameboy original games . vinyl , dvds , video games , misc electronic equipment . it got everything - except space to actually move in the tiny store . genuine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing selection of music , computer games and disco equipment in this edinburgh 2nd hand shop . many more items available inside than it looks from outside in street . handy if you want to buy a plug , guitar , amp or tv cheap . worth a look for collectors etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "backtracks music is hopelessly hilarious . never have i seen a place so full of junk . and that 's not particularly a bad thing . places full of junk are places full of charm . but my oh my , if you decide to be the one to sort through it all to actually find what you like , good luck to you . i 've never properly stepped inside . i tried , but the felt like the whole place was just too precariously arranged . like the whole thing might come toppling down at a wrong turn . and i 'm notorious for really ( really ) not being aware of my own surface area . or anything around me , for that matter . i did have a great deal of fun leafing through their record collection , though . they 're all pretty cheap records , but i did n't recognise a single name , and did n't feel like taking the risk buying something rubbish . all i have to say now is : venture in at your own risk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a shop that has clearly never heard the phrase 'less is more ' . i 'm sure they have everything under the sun that could be considered music or games , but finding anything is another matter . only come here if you have time on your hands and are genuinely interested enough to spend a reasonable amount of time - i personally got bored fairly quickly not being an ultimate games fan . for some , however , this shop will be brilliant slowly searching and never knowing what you might turn over and find , but for many of us it will just be too frustrating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i highly recommend planning months in advance and ignoring all of their expected delivery dates and for them guaranteed means nothing . they make it difficult to contact customer service and have shut down their forum so more people ca n't complain about how they did not receive their guaranteed delivery photo gifts for their fathers , weddings , and so on . any company that makes customer service so difficult and wait times so long without any email or explanation of why they ruined so many special days . we did n't ask for particular delivery dates - shutterfly gave them to us ! the worst do n't use them for anything that is time sensitive . plenty of other places to do this- i 've used others with no delivery or bait and switch tactics . bbb is my next stop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a ripoff ! it clearly says 50 % off photo album , so after spending hours creating one , i found out that 50 % of $ 210 is $ 138 . interesting . then i contacted customer service during opening hours-in vain . finally , i saw that the fine print states that additional pages are 30 % off . are n't they part of the photo album ? i guess that it 's exactly their intention , that after hours of creating a photo product , people are willing to pay more . not so for me , though . i 'll pass .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a personalized christmas ornament for my first grandchild . it arrived flawed . i returned it . shutterfly states it will fully refund your card if the fault is theirs . i have been going round and round with customer service , per email and phone , for 2 months , to get reimbursed . they will give me credit to my acct. , but not to my card , as their policy states . there is no where to file a complaint . they are not accredited with the bbb . if you comment on their fb page , they intervene before it appears . hope people come here . i wish i had !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you shutterfly for my customized photo christmas cards ! except you seem to have forgotten something : the picture ! $ 65 later and night before christmas eve , i now have no christmas cards for my family . mistakes happen , but the worst part : i called customer service and they offered a 50 % off coupon for my next order to `` fix '' my issue . when i asked them to refund my money , they put me on hold for literally an hour and a half waiting for someone authorized to refund my money , but in reality they just left me on hold ignored . they kept telling me i need to go online , print , complete , and submit a form requesting a refund along with the defective product they had sent me in order to receive a refund from them as if they were worried i would use these anyway . i 've wasted enough time receiving nothing in return and you want me to jump through hoops to get my money back ? ! ? ! worst customer service ever . # fail # youhadonejob", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered christmas cards from shutterfly for the first and last time . i ordered lined envelopes . i did not receive lined envelopes from . shutterfly . three days after the cards and envelopes arrived , i received the lining that i have to insert in each envelope . the tape on the liner sticks so it 's a very slow process . ( i should be inserting the envelope liners right now ! ) the glue covered by the tape is not at the top of the liner . it 's an inch below the top so the liner is loose at the top . the cards were not cheap . the process of sending 200 cards is taking twice as long with the insertion of each envelope liner . a real flaw . shane on you , shutterfly !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . i will never use shutterfly again nor will i ever recommend them to anyone i know ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered prints . i took the time to go through all of them to make sure they were turned correctly and situated how they should be on the paper . well , one thing , it took a month to receive them , and they look terrible ! the quality is sooo , so bad . some of them are so burry you ca n't even tell who the person is . some look like they were running out of ink , and about a quarter of the pictures people were missing major body parts like whole heads . why did i pay for a bunch of pictures of headless people ! i 've gotten really good large prints from shutterfly , but i will never order regular prints again . so disappointed in this service . save your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the prints are okay , but if you have any issues with the order or expect the order at a certain time you 're going to be disappointed with how they handle things and their customer service . the customer service is just the worst . they do n't email back . if you call they put you on hold and do n't come back . save your money and do not use shutterfly or other sister companies : paper divas , tiny prints , my publisher , bl .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a `` photo card '' to send to family on the holidays . turned out it was just a photo printed on photo paper . the back had nothing - just the back of the photo paper . i called to talk to customer service and spent over 10 minutes . offered a 5 % coupon . i was an avid user , ordering products monthly . but your lack of customer service just made you lose a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never do business with shutterfly again ! ! ! ! i ordered 2017 graduation announcements for my daughter 's high school graduation . when the announcements arrived there was an error . in large font it said class of 2018 ! 3 other places on the announcements it said 2017 . i do n't know how this happened , but after a 20+ minute phone call , they agreed to fix the problem . when the new order came that 2018 was gone , but there was a huge gold line across my daughter 's photos . how would they think this is okay ? ! i called to complain . they said they could reorder but it would not come until the day of her graduation ! they offered a refund but said my very upset daughter would have to call because she placed the order . i advised them we paid with my credit card , but they still would not do it . my daughter is so upset . this is horrible product and customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tinyprints let my holiday order fall through the cracks ! was delivered more than a week late ! had rush-ordered them so i could get them out before i left on a trip . especially disappointing was that when i called to check several times on my order in december , reps kept saying everything was ok , and that the shipping would be upgraded to make the deadline . in the end , they all claimed ignorance , unfairly blamed ups , and gave me a tiny 10 % discount . am sending cards out upon my return , and they will be received way late ! after using shutterfly tinyprints for years , i will be going with another printer this year !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like shutterfly for photo books and personalized gifts . have not yet had a problem with them and so far received about 5 books and a few other gifts . yes , shipping fees are high , and do not expect product to arrive quickly unless you pay extra . but all in all , i would say the quality of the books i have received is decent . i have not had to contact their customer service dept yet so i ca n't comment on the other reviews here . i previously used snapfish , for years , but they went downhill when their website changed about 2 years ago . that 's why i switched over to shutterfly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible quality photos . they scam their customers into thinking that they offer great deals but then charge increasingly more for the `` shipping costs '' for the items you receive at discounted rates so there is not really a discount in the end . it was a complete waste of money ordering from them . if the pictures were good quality then i would n't regret having ordered from them so much . i wish i had looked up shutterfly on yelp before ordering from them ... big mistake . stay away from this mediocre company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shutterfly constantly offers fantastic savings and deals on their products , but the real gimmick is their shipping costs . you 're more than compensating for their deals by paying for their padded shipping rates . their products are n't anything special - standard stuff any printing corporation offers . i 'd suggest shopping around before following through with your shutterfly order . unless the product is totally free and you 're only paying the ridiculous shipping costs , you can probably find a better deal elsewhere . furthermore , shutterfly actively uses trustpilot , an untrustworthy review source that allows companies to remove negative reviews for a fee . their trustpilot ratings are much higher than their yelp reviews indicate they should be , which raises unfortunate questions about the integrity of their organization .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to work with tinyprints but shutterfly took it over and locked me out of my account . now they refuse to delete my photos , addresses , and other information . truly horrible experience using shutterfly -- go with a competitor !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after many years and dozens of orders , i ordered a calendar that turned out to be too tiny to even read ! the image on the web site looked like a standard size but since i did n't read the fine print , it was my tough luck ( as i was informed by customer service after a 20 minute wait ) . so much for the `` 100 % satisfaction guarantee '' . next time , tiny prints !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a cheap company . they do n't have the basic integrity . they have a so-called 100 % happiness guarantee : `` if you 're not happy with a purchase , please contact us , and we 'll help make it right . '' `` we 're not happy unless you 're happy . '' ( https : www.shutterfly.com help guarantee.jsp ) i have a legit complaint and asked them to reduce the shipping cost for just $ 2 . they refused to honor that promise . shame on you , shutterfly liars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shutterfly has gone seriously downhill this last 2 years . i was a lifelong customer and no longer use them because of the lack of quality and customer service . they used to be known for exceptional customer service but since out-sourcing this overseas it 's gone altogether . they now refuse to refund for mistakes they make and if you want to fight for what 's right , you 'll end up in an email or chat chain for days with over a dozen different people trying to explain the same issue over and over with someone who rarely understand english . to have someone blame you for their mistake . it 's beyond unreasonable . quality control is also gone . photos are dull and often printed too dark . i will never recommend them to anyone again . you can do much better anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used shutterfly.com 4 times and am so impressed by the quality of their photo prints and custom photo books . the quality is outstanding and the service is excellent . i set up an on line account and was offered 50 free prints immediately . i only paid for postage . it 's history from there . i get discount offers often and have always been happy with what i have ordered . photography services prints , cards , stationery , photo books and a large variety of photo gifts", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love shutterfly . just this month i have received a vacation album , 200 prints , and 4 artistic matte 8 x 10 pictures for free ! ! ! ! ! i do n't know how they do it , but it is amazingly awesome for the the consumer that they do . i was hesitant to act on the coupon that was given to us on our flight , but so glad that i did . you have a happy customer for life ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is regarding customer service . just received a shutterfly marketer call from a woman saying they 'd sent an email about an offer and were now calling . i said : `` we got the email . you do n't need to follow up . '' her response - a snotty and indignant : `` fine ! have a better day . '' hey , shutterfly - i 'll have a better day if you do n't serve up attitude because i 'm not excited about your calling . at the least , how about ending the call with : `` thank you . just checking . please contact us if we can be of help . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shutterfly is terrible . it kept crashing when uploading and arranging photos , and i could not order online after repeated attempts ( had to call an order over the phone ) . most importantly , tho , i did not receive the items i ordered on time despite paying for expedited shipping . overall an extremely frustrating experience . i ordered 2 photo books to arrive in time for my daughters ' birthday party . they did not arrive . in fact , they seem to have lost my order . customer service offered to put in a new order , but even with rush shipping it would have arrived far too late . i am getting a refund , but i am a little heartbroken that i did not have these very special gifts to give my daughters on their birthday . there are other options out there for photo books , and i heartily regret not using one of these instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am royally pissed off at this company . i place my christmas card order on december 4th and here we are december 16th with no christmas cards . they want you to pay more money for shipping , so you do n't choose the free option . they shipped out on december 7th , so your telling me that it 's going to take almost 7 days to get to me ? ! ? then ups tells me that it was delivered to my front door , only to find out that they delivered it to the post office . so the date it was supposed to be here has now passed . i am extremely pissed off and will never order cards from this site again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used shutterfly for many years and it used to be a great site . everything i like about the site has changed . they lost all my albums ( supposedly they are looking for them and will put be back on the `` old format '' but i am not holding my breath ) . you can not run a slide show with options from the timeline ; pictures do not load in order , and no one can tell me why ; it is hard to find any useful help functions . i have n't found my alternative yet but i am sure looking . it is such a shame for a site that i used to really like turn into a source of frustration .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service ! ! ! i wish i could have known what i was dealing with . they charged me twice with my christmas cards order and they had the nerve to give attitude over the phone and kept giving us the run arounds . never again ! ! ! i rarely give bad ratings but this is the worste customer service i have ever experienced . do n't waste time and money . i am trying so very hard to keep everything professional but the lady who handled my problem were very rude and unprofessional . just because i asked why i got charged twice with my order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't deal with shutterfly if you 're an international customer . many deals do n't apply if you 're not a us resident . small print exclusions are scattered across the website . rude customer service on live chat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible ! do not waste your time . i ordered a large amount of 4x6 prints from them recently . the quality of the pictures is awful . it looks like i went swimming in a muddy swamp versus the clear blue caribbean water that i was actually in . all of the prints are dark and have a grey hue . they tried to blame it on the photo that i sent them ; however , the pictures look perfect on my camera , computer , and look perfect printed out from a different company that i had to go to . shutterfly offered me a 50 % refund if i shipped the prints back . i 'm not taking time out of my day to ship these back when it is shutterfly 's mistake . uploading pictures to shutterfly is n't the easiest thing and then having to go through all of this afterwards is so frustrating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i downloaded the shutterfly app because they had a promotion going on photo books and i recently took a family vacation and custom made each family a book ( 4 all together ) . it took hours . and shutterfly did not have a lot of creative options like other sites had . i finally placed my order , waited 3 weeks and finally called and a girl just told me nonchalantly that she saw i placed the order on my mobile but that they need me to re-do it again from a computer . what ? ? ? ? ? ? so 1 ) your app is a joke . 2 ) your technology is a joke that you ca n't retrieve my old projects . 3 ) your customer service is a joke . 4 ) you did n't even call to tell me ? a mess of a company . save yourself the anguish and waste of time . use literally anyone else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star is too many . delivery was s-l-o-w , matte finish was not matte at all , prints were automatically cropped so that hands were cut off . to get a refund - i have print out a form and hand deliver my prints to a shutterfly facility in az , mn or sc . really ! ! ! ! i live in tx . ridiculous customer service in every way . they wasted my money and more importantly - my time and energy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a problem with the quality . the resolution was 100 % . i am pleased that maurice in customer service took action to resolve favorably . i would order from the company again , if i need photo-books .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sent photos of my polo , riding and travel to them and the assigned person was useless . obviously lazy . i used kodak in their earlier phases and received excellent help and product . there is a quality problem here . madison f. richardson m.d .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spent 4 long hours trying to make an album and i finished it too . but it would not let me save nor did it autosave . it did not even tell me what was wrong . i contacted customer service and they just gave me a bs answer , `` we are working to solve your issue but we have no timeline for you . '' they overcharge , have bad service , and a useless interface . i hope you use an alternative website for your next album because shutterfly sucks ! what a waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i placed an order on 12 29 16 for a photo book and a framed cardstock print . the print finally arrived on 1 11 17 ... with no glass . the print is cheap and in low resolution . shutterstock 's escalation team in their customer service claims that it takes a week to reprint an 11x14 print and refuses a reasonable solution to their product defects ... and no word as to when the photo book will arrive . shutterfly 's customer service and quality has deteriorated to an unacceptable level . there are plenty of better places to purchase photo items on the internet . do n't waste your money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've always ordered from shutterfly and they used to be good . but it has been a couple of years , so maybe they 're going downhill . they said something would be shipped here for christmas , which is why i ordered from them . it 's dec. 30 and it 's still not here , so i called them to check . they said there 's no way for them to track packages internationally ( i 'm in canada ) . what ? ! they said ups does n't provide tracking numbers . um ... a shipping company that does n't provide tracking numbers when i paid for shipping ? ! they said they ca n't tell me if it 'll ever get here or it got lost . they did refund my money and ship a new order to another address ( the gift was for people who were visiting here ) . however , we will not get to experience the joy of seeing them open the gift . if it even ever arrives there . i will not order from shutterfly again because of how unreliable it is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so disappointed with shutterfly ; i have used them for years and even though i still think their products are ok , trying to create a product or using their storage for pictures has turned from being awesome to a nightmare in about 2 years . i spend hours trying to create products only to have pictures disappear and i just spent hours trying to organize my pictures into albums only to find out that all the pictures must be connected because i deleted about 30 pictures in an album they were not supposed to be in ( i already had them in the albums they were supposed to be in ) but in reality they are now all deleted . the hours i have spent trying to create and organize and talk to customer service is just not worth it anymore and that makes me very sad . plus customer service has also gone down hill ; they just read from their script and i do n't think shutterfly actually really cares .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . second year in a row of exceedingly poorly printed cards . poor customer service and no complete", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as promised , i am editing my review because customer service finally resolved the issue ( well full disclosure : i tried three times before speaking with someone who had the authority and inclination to give me store credit . ) i originally wrote a disgruntled review after not only being unhappy with my product , but getting a very rude customer service representative the first time i called . they need to step up their customer service game and quality of product for sure . another thing i always hated about this company is the shameless self promotion on everybody 's personalized cards . i get a birth announcement from my cousin about her baby and on the back it basically says `` love , henrietta , glenn , baby lynn and shutterfly ! '' if your services are free , that 's fine , but if people are paying you to print photos and messages , do you really have to use their canvas and contacts to self-promote ? it 's tacky . there are better photo printing and product services out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they printed my order ( a photo-plaque ) upside down , so it would n't stand up on the shelf , despite the preview image being correct . their website is ridiculous if you have a problem with your order - it leads you on this labyrinthine chase to find a `` problem with my order '' section . they basically never acknowledge the possibility that they might have messed something up , instead pretending the only questions a customer could possibly have are about how to use their products website . i sent an email with pictures and a description of the problem days ago and no response . i 've now been on hold for half an hour waiting for customer service on the phone . i went ahead and ordered a replacement since it 's a christmas gift for my grandma , but after this i 'm done with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent and fast glass replacement ! he was on time and uses high quality glass . the only company i will use for all my glass replacements .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect touch auto glass is the finest auto glass service in the valley . they showed up as scheduled , worked quickly and with a smile . so often , we are forced to use a auto glass company that has a relationship with our insurance company . i asked for perfect touch by name and the insurance company worked with me . be smart and ask for perfect touch when you need an auto glass replacement - you will be completely satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came highly recommended for a local group i 'm involved with . immediate response and quick replacement with quality glass ( prior replacement with another company resulted in glass that looked wavy so i was pleased the perfect touch used quality glass ) . perfect touch came to my house which i appreciated . approved affiliate through my insurance who covered the windshield replacement in full .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an appointment with safelite and their tech could not change my windshield because my xterra has a snorkel on it . asked some friends for recommendations and owen from peefect touch was recommended . owen came out to my house the same day and did the windshield replacement safelite could not . plus , owen threw in a 5 % tint strip on the top portion of the windshield . i highly recommend perfect touch auto glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owen has repaired many rock chips on my truck in the past few years . customer service is great . on time great communication . highly recommend perfect touch auto glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owen replaced the windshield on my 2014 tundra and did the best job of any glass company i 've ever dealt with . he was on time , very efficient , and very reasonably priced . i would definitely recommend him . he even came to my office and replaced my windshield while i was at work . so nice ! love it . will use him for all of my personal and work stuff for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job all around . came to my house and did the install so no stress of dropping off , waiting , or simply driving somewhere random .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owen came out to replace a windshield during a relatively tight scheduling window . he was professional , timely , and punctual . overall , a great experience at a fair cash price . will use them again when needed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owen did the glass on my 2005 tundra in my driveway . super fast and he handled all the insurance hassle . highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went in to purchase a new queen mattress set . mark was able to give us a good deal and stay within our budget . delivery was arranged for two days later . the delivery went quickly and there were no issues . everything arrived in great condition and the delivery men were very courteous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience with josh at the boca park west mattress firm . hubby and i were going to shop queen mattress deals this memorial day weekend . josh was courteous and professional and so patient with allowing us to try many different beds to find the right one . since it was a weekend of sales , we got a great price from josh ! he made it so easy , i think it may have been the fastest deal we 've made on such a big purchase . everyone one was very nice-even chuck ( one of the other associates ) offered us snacks while we waited for the paper work . let 's hope the delivery goes smoothly next week ! great job , josh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never thought i could deal with such incompetent people . alex seemingly ca n't hear a question you ask him , diana the regional has about as much brains as a box of rocks and they did n't even know the difference between a gel topper and waterbed . goto costco or rc willey . much better service , return policy and actual knowledge on the product . even if the mattress was free i would never shop there again . a 10k loss for them . thanks costco for showing real quality and value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we shopped all day for a mattress and could n't find anything that met our needs . but this place changed all that . the owner gave us an incredible deal that was truly too good to pass up . needless to say we have n't lost any sleep over this purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy process chuck was very knowledgeable and helpful without being pushy on the sale . i purchased a bed for a great price that will be delivered tonight . i will come back for a guest bedroom bed as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charles howard took my call . he was more than helpful with what i was looking for and even went above and beyond to help me get exactly what i was wanting . he greeted me at the store shortly after and spoke with me about how the product was made , packaged , how long it was expected to last as well as offer me any help with any future purchases or questions . a store is a store with merchandise in it , it can be the best merchandise on the planet . but ... if the person selling it to you is n't genuine then it means nothing . charles is the real deal in someone to trust when it comes to investing in something so important as a mattress or even a pillow ! ! thanks chuck ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible , the salesman was so aggressive and was practically harassing us while we were browsing for a mattress . he had a terrible attitude and was condescending . so unprofessional . never going back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came to mattress firm today to get my girlfriend a new mattress for her new apartment . chuck was super helpful knowledgeable and upfront about all their products . he took great care of us and we 're getting our mattress delivered tomorrow . superfast delivery and amazing customer service . i highly recommend coming here if you need a new bed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a simmons beauty rest black hybrid . this particular mattress is a set price so no hagglin , but our sales associate ricky was amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! he was very informative and extremely helpful he was n't pushy at all and allowed us to try out all the different mattresses . he knows his ishhh ! ! ! ! we 've been in a few different mattress firms but ricky is what made our decision easy ! i ca n't wait to sleep on my brand new simmons beauty rest it 's even got diamonds in it ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived at the store a bit late , but marvell stayed past closing time and helped us find the perfect mattress . he was a knowledgeable salesman , and i would recommend asking for him to help you find the perfect setup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to go to 24 7 only because it was the only nail salon open at the time i went however i had heard they did pretty good work . in my opinion , i highly disagree . they were in a rush to finish my nails and they are the worst set of nails i have ever had . they were all tired from working doubles and did n't put in any effort to make my nails look good , they just wanted to hurry up and finish . i would n't recommend this salon to anyone and if your honestly just going because its open 24 7 it really is n't worth it . i would suggest to wait the next day and go somewhere else and not to mention there extremely expensive ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i paid 35 dollars for a trim and the woman helping me did n't even wash my hair . the trim was decent but the result really was n't what i wanted . i guess she was n't understanding what i was trying to tell her that i wanted . what i 'm most upset about is not having my hair washed i thought that it was something every salon did . i mean she did n't even spray it with a bottle she just combed through my hair and cut it with an electric razor right across and then told me she was done . i was expecting way more . this place is over priced for what it actually gives you . i 've gotten my nails done here before too , they were decent except for one of my acrylic nails was obviously crooked and the girl doing them did n't fix her mistake . my toes were done well but like i said , expensive for decent average work . i know a couple places that are cheaper by 10-15 dollars in services and their employees are perfectionists . it 's not worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beware ! techs are not licensed , the supplies they use are not sanitized . they are currently under investigation with the board of cosmetology .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor service . worst pedicure i 've ever had along with the highest prices i 've ever heard in las vegas . it was very offensive . i would be surprised if they make it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously ! ! ! i would never ever pay $ 50.00 for a pedicure ever.. well again and i would n't have paid it this time neither . we asked for pricing , i stated what i wanted and the only change i made from time of check in to done was that i now wanted french tips . had i wanted to spend this kind of money , i would have gone to thebathhouse . the other thing that puzzled me was `` why , were they mopping the floor at 9 am in the morning , when the salon just opened '' who really wants to be at a salon when they are cleaning up yesterday mess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my gf liked the job they did but ... ... ... i called at 10:41pm and they said they were open . yes . i asked the cost of manicure & pedicure . $ 35 & $ 25 , respectively . so we went there and while i 'm waiting i started reading the yelp reviews . uh oh ! ! that 's when i read all the reviews about the `` bait & switch '' tactics they use there . to make a long story short . when i asked for a total it was $ 120 ! ! ! ! plus tip ? ? ? ? it went from $ 60 to $ 120 . can you do zero stars ? ? i 'd stay away if i was you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish yelp has negative stars for business like this ..went on a sunday night as i was desperate for a manicure and they were open late ..my nail broke on monday afternoon did n't even last 24 hour's.the guy who did my manicure was friendly but did a shitty job ..very disappointed ..receptionist was busy fooling around with the other guy working there ... it 's would not recommend this place to anyone ..i have been looking got one decent place in vegas ..hopefully i find a good nail salon soon", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst nail place ive been too in a while . slow service , i dont think the tecs knew what they were doing as it took them 30min to trim my cuticles . i warned them i was getting close to being late for work to which they let me sit for 10-15 min while they tried to find another tec to do them faster . what a joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over expensive and not that good ! just got my nails done 1 week ago and they look horrible . came to 105 $ because i went in after 7pm . only for a gel manicure full set ! ! not even my toes ! most salons charge 65 $ ! this dumb salon charges extra money for shapes and colors ! ! ! ! never heard of that before . never will go here again . always disappointed !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my girls and i came here for waxing , manis pedis and massage and we all are very pleased . friendly staff and clean place . they were professional and took care of right away . nice big place and relaxing . we will definitely come back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roaches . painful manicure . took my mom to get her manicure and pedicure here . the woman doing the manicure cut her finger and did n't care about the blood or her pain . during this time a roach starts climbing into the foot bath and when we pointed this out , the pedicurist picked it out and threw it away with his hand , did n't change gloves , and did n't change the water . we left immediately . they did n't charge us though , which was nice , but indicative of how clean they keep their equipment ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sarah hughes does a fabulous job hair eyelash extension hair extensions makeup massage sooo reasonable cost wise and fun to be with", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have come in a couple times and every time my nails have been superb ! the staff is great and take the time to do the right job . it does take time ! walks in are welcome and i instantly get placed in a chair for a manicure . no complaints , satisfied : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in town vacationing and badly needed a color and cut job . called up for an appointment on a sunday afternoon ( 22 sep 2015 ) . they advertise to be open until 4am daily . i came in on time at the not-so-busy salon but had to wait 40 minutes to be seen by a so-called experienced stylist named queen . the cut was ok . but the color job was poor . had spots of grey left and the roots were completely left untouched . she attempted to correct the obvious miss but without success . i 'm hoping queen was just having a bad day . nevertheless i spent $ 90 plus the requisite gratuity needlessly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for over 11 years since i moved to las vegas . the staff is always great ! same family since i 've been coming ... i always enjoy seeing the mother or her son 's when i get here . always offered something to drink . very laid back atmosphere . as a guy , i enjoy getting a manicure and pedicure regularly to maintain a clean look . the salon offers various packages . i get a basic cleanup . i 've recommended this place to so many people over the years . if you have n't been here , stop over and check them out ... you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably one of the worst pedicures , if not the worst , i 've ever had . the guy doing it rushed it so fast , it was done in 20 minutes . and this was for their $ 40 'deluxe ' pedicure . it 's supposed to come with a massage ; i received a maybe one minute 'massage ' where he vslapped lotion on me . he did n't cut my cuticles at all . he was about to start painting polish until i told him he needed to fix my cuticles . he went back over and when i looked there were still areas where it was very obvious he did n't cut . some nails were only half painted as well . he barely did a callus removal . he spent maybe 15 seconds on each foot . i would seriously avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after 6 years in vegas , this is one of the best nail places i 've found . big , spacious location . plenty of stations ... i 've never had to wait . walk-in , and you 're seated right away . prices are a bit high , but quality work . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great prices and quick service . came in on saturday night at 8:30 and was seen immediately , great atmosphere ! tao did an amazing job and did exactly the color and shape i wanted . he was awesome and courteous ! will definitely be back to see him to get a fill", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my baby went in to for late night pedicures and i must say going in at midnight was the best idea he has in a while the two techs we got where great i enjoyed my services . and definitely will return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't even waste your time with these unprofessional ppl ! we got there and we asked for a pedicure just for my husband , not for me , which took them awhile to understand ( learn english if u wan na migrant to this country , i did ) and told us to sit down and wait . then another customer comes and asks for a pedicure as well , she is told to sit down and wait . then the guy comes and get her first , hello ? ? ? ? we were there first , so i told him that , and he said `` oh ok '' and started with the lady anyways . my reaction ? ? ? ? ? ? did n't u hear what i just said ? ? ? ? my husband was up next ! ! ! ! not the lady ! ! ! ! and he just ignored us , so we left", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never written a review for anything but i felt like this nail salon deserved a great one . nicest friendliest manicurist i 've ever had . great mani pedi but the service was even greater . kindly called taxi service and made sure i got back to hotel safe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went and had eyelash extensions by sarah hughes . sarah did an amazing job and i certainly will be back . everyone in this salon are independent so what happens with one will not happen with another person . if you are looking for a dramatic change , a professional who knows what she is doing , and is very nice and very accommodating then sarah is your girl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the worst , most overpriced manicure i 've ever received . i paid $ 20 extra for gel for it to chip off the next day . needless to say within 5 days i had to go back to the salon 3 times because of the chipping gel . the fourth visit was enough to make me never come back , management is awful . avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in vegas working for ces and broke a nail in the middle of the day . did n't have time to fix until after my event , which was 9pm . thank god this place was open because i could not have gone longer with this poor looking nail . i have long pointy cat claws and the lady shaped it perfectly to match the others , it looks even better than the other ones . she was also really quick and it was only 5 dollars to fix the nail . i dont think they are actually open 247 , they closed at midnight when i went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastc service angela is wonderful massage therapist and gia har is truy talented and you re ssureda great hairstyle & service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . excellent work & great customer service . they 're open until 2 am . at 6:30 this evening i decided to get a manicure & pedicure . i drove to at least 8 nail spas that all closed at 7 pm , so i thought i 'd go to 24 7 , since i 'd been there before . $ 55 for a manicure and pedicure -- -kinda steep , but worth it imo . think i 'll make this my regular place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible waxing services ! ! ! ! ! they do n't do a complete job . they have rude attitudes . the owner is an impatient grouch . i was ripped for 7-10 strips for a brazilian and nothing came off . i was still asked to pay . i was left red and irritated for a week in bikini area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for the first time it great . ca n't wait to go back . my nails where great and yun was great . if you 're looking for a great place to get your nails done then this is the spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had done a regular pedicure and added on the paraffin wax treatment as well . it 's a give in that the lady that did my toes usually would n't speak english but when i told the lady that after she had put the wax on my feet that it was burning me , she did n't seem to care . still after me being in alot of pain from it burning my feet , she would n't take it off , so i took it off myself . i would not recommend going here for anything if they treat their customers that way . now i have a massive blister on my foot from it and the day that i had gotten it done , it was my birthday . happy birthday to me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic , gloria got hair , nails , makeup done , all very friendly , professionals , attention to details , 5 stars for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a mani & pedi after 7pm , which led me here . yun and tyler did a really good job . i would come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place to go to get pampered . i got a pedi and mani by the owner of the salon . she is very thorough . i also love the hours . they are open until midnight ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good people , really excellent pedicure manicure . it is wonderful to have a good place to get nails done in the evenings . wow . cindy , kevin and danny are very hospitable . i am really glad i came here . i would recommend this place for men or women , i think you will have a good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful service . was told one price and then charged a different price amounting to double . very rude . told me reviews and customers do n't matter . stay away they will rip you off ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here many times as it 's super close to my house . i have always been able to check in leave a review and get 10 % off my service . i saw my usual nail tech gina did n't work there anymore . the girl at the desk was very nice and sweet and got me set up right away , with a new nail tech . i had an offer from a previous visit and when i tried to redeem it i was told i could n't . that i had to get 4 services just to receive 10 % off . probably wo n't be going back any time soon unless it 's an emergency .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great staff and very friendly . clean and very relaxing environment style spa . went in really late after work for nails and it was the only place in town near me that i found to be open . recommended and like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this nail salon last week and my experience was horrible ! the quality of the work was terrible : my nails were uneven , the polish job was crappy and withing one week 2 nails had come completely off . to top it all off there was a freaking roach in the bathroom . ugh ! i will never use this salon again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in around 1am which was very convenient for my schedule . sunny helped me & did an amazing job . one of the guys gave me a shot for my bday which was cool . it was my 1st time here & i would deff come back ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just left and i 'm more than satisfied ! and i 'm a very picky person with my hair and nails . gina is my girl ! i have officially found my nail salon , and nail lady .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pedicure i ever had done by frank . now i 'll always remember that pedicure i got in vegas ! the lady that did my nails was fab too . she went above and beyond and had great convo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my nails done the other night by tyler . he was so nice and did a great job . would recommend to anybody .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just opened up a location close to where i live on las vegas blvd where i met yun and she is great ! since moving to this area i have struggled in finding a new nail tech and i 'm happy to finally have one . since then i 've been coming back and forth to both locations . a lot of services offered and love the one stop option when some days i need a pedicure and a great massage !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best nail salon in town ! ! ! open late ! ask for tylor , he is the best nail technician ever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this salon . i go to elsa skalkowski . she is the best stylist ever and so sweet and patient . i get my hair extensions here and would never go anywhere else . i highly recommend her she also styles the best in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "24 7 is amazing ! best nail place for the best prices and quality . tyler works both locations and always does my nails and lashes . i would n't go to anyone else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently just found out two of my favorite nail guys ken & tao no longer work here . i would not recommend this place anymore . & if anyone knows where ken or tao went seriously id travel miles to get to them & change the review on tbis place but because everyone in this place cant tell me where either of them moved ill stay with my 1 star ! so sad . this used to be one of my favorite places to come the guys were so friendly , but last time two times i came here the women who did my nails were so rough , cut me & burned me with her drills while doing my nails .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome . cindy chau is great . great cut , and always makes herself available . been seeing cindy for years now , and would n't go anywhere else ... unless it was to follow her if she moved . ca n't speak for the other salon services or employees , but cindy is the best . personalized service , and attention to detail , cindy is a true professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was possibly one of the worst experiences i 've had at a nail salon . they did not completely remove my gel polish before starting a new coat of polish . so it was a really bumpy finish , i asked them to stop and smooth it about it 3 times while they were doing it , but they ignored me and expected me to pay for bad nails or wait to redo it all again . the management was hiding the whole time and the techs were all lying about the prices and if the manager was in the building . i finally talked to the manager and resolved nothing . if you go here be ready to be disappointed.. my roommate also had a bad experience with her pedicure . our nails looked like we did it ourselves . waste of time and money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get recommend by a friends told me about this place , so i come in get my eyelashes extension put on , so wow it came out the way that i like , love it i like it a lot , she also do do my pedicure . love this place 24 7 salon & day spa studio .strongly recommended to whoever need , come to check them out thanks yun for make me beautyful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went on a sunday , very late , this was the first of a few conveniences that this spa met . the techs there were so nice , and polite , no one spoke on foreign languages rudely amongst their selves , none of that b.s . there . instead everyone spoke to eachother in english so i could understand everything that was said . the techs did such a thorough job and such perfectionists , it was nice to see and receive such treatment . i was over the top with joy at the finished product . they turned my nails and toenails in to a work of art , that i absolutely loved . i want to say this spa is fabulous and they do everything as a full service salon does only late night all week . i recommend this place with five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful establishment ! ! ! so cute and open late ! open til midnight on the weekdays which was perfect because i had an early flight the next morning and they were able to squeeze me in ! even on holiday . i had nail technicians yun & tao , both were super sweet and did a fantastic job . five stars all around", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love how my nails came out n the service is ok but one thing i liked the most is dat they are open 24 7", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never used the spa section of this place but i will say that the nail salon is very efficient and the hours are very good ! if you need an appointment later than 7pm then yes they do have an up charge but on the plus side they offer alcoholic beverages ! shots if grey goose while your getting your pedicure ? ! yesss count me in ! my go to place now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great mani and pedi ! they are open until 2am and offer drinks ... . hilarious ! ! the staff was nice and the place itself has character . i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come thru if you want fly ass nails good music complimentary drinks and a good time while getting work done", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this salon definition of a one stop shop you can get your hair nails message and tanning is right next door ! loove it ! i normally only get my nails done here but ca n't wait to finally get my hair done in the salon portion of this amazing spa jimmy h did my nails i usually get oval tips with crazy urban design i 'll attach a pic for you all love no further lady 's this is the spot in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite paying more , the service is experience is always below basic . $ 15 for my eyebrows and only once have they been 'on point ' . i got gel manicures and the lady working there used vaseline before putting on the gel . my nails came off in a week . i paid like $ 40 . that 's the last time i went there for gel . i 'll try to update with the name but gosh it was n't great at all . i live down the street and thought it would get better if i 'm a regular . nah ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they charge way more for after 7 pm and when we were done with our pedicure we walked with the flip flops to the nail table looked down and our feet were covered with hair clippings . so the nail tech had us use her brush to clean our feet then she use that brush on my hand to clean the dust off.. it was nasty ... not to mention it took 2.5 hours for a regular pedicure and polish change on my hands", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get my nails done here sometimes.the price is average . i like coffin ballerina nails . they are n't the best at creating this nail shape and usually seem to be in a rush or act like it 's a hassle . i always end up coming back every now and again because my gym and salon are next door so it 's convenient . it 's okay for a fill or every now and then but i would n't make it your regular nail salon . they are amazing at pedicures though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so far i 've been very happy here . the customer service has been wonderful . i love the hours and relaxing atmosphere . this place is perfect for night owls . the manager is so very kind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a manicure and pedicure done by `` meow '' and she did an awesome job , she paid attention to details on my pedicure and was so caring - she did n't look away while doing her job , she was 100 % focussed , i have pedicures done monthly , it was the first time i had this type of experience i went away with perfection . the others sitting there we 're talking and doing a total different job than she was ( fast and sloppy ) . if you do go here only ask for her - when doing your nails . the five stars go for meow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could give 13 stars but i ca n't ! tyler did great on my nails yun gave me a great pedi great massage ! i will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marie told me it would only take 45 minutes to complete a coffin fill with a chrome finish . however after 1hour and 10 minutes , she was just finishing and i was n't even able to get the chrome because she ran out of time . i was forced to choose a different color , one that i was n't very happy with because it did n't match the sample color . i was very late already to a bbq at my own house and did n't have time to change it . the lady at the counter said i could come back the following week ( i was busy with edc all weekend ) . when i came back they tried to charge $ 30 for a polish change and would n't do it complimentary as promised . i 'll go to elaine 's nails instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super convenient location near 24 hour fitness . pros : -open till midnight ! ! can you believe that ? ! i wish the local ones in my hometown are open this late ! if you 're ever in vegas and do n't feel like gambling and want to get yourself pampered , come here ! -variety of services : mani pedi , facials , massages , waxing . they do it all . and at a fraction of what the casino spa charges . tip : if you 're planning to come here with a big group , make an appointment . oh , if you come in and no one 's at the front desk , just wave someone down . they might not acknowledge you when you come in because they are busy with customers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mother and i walked in , were asked to wait until `` opening '' at 9am . it was 9:15 at that point . everything smelt like a fart , nobody spoke clear english . we walked back out again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "michelle is one of the best hair stylist i could say . she normally comes by appointment . i love the outcome of my hairstyle . awesome job ! she is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yun is amazing she did my meni gel polish n pedicure too she was fast and professional from suggesting the best nail polish according to my need to doing the best work ever love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this place for years and i am always pleased when i leave . their services are really amazing . i love the environment and atmosphere here , it 's so chill and calm . today my tech gina took her time to do my nails correctly and i loved the way they came out ! i highly recommend this place : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here because it was the only place open at 9pm on sunday . i walked in and was seen immediately . ken did my spa pedicure and it was absolutely amazing ! ken was very friendly and we held a nice funny conversation . i also loved the hot stones . ken also did my full set . it came out great . not my favorite salon but if i ever need a last minute late night mani pedi i 'll definitely come here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved the service . my stylist was absolutely meticulous and i could n't be happier . plus the hours are perfect with my challenging work schedule ! i 'll be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing how clean this place is and the variety of colors and services ... will be coming back . creeping late night gel sets and pedis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 star for the massage , it was good ... but , the gel literally came off my one toe , 5 days later ! ! how tf does that even happen ... in my sleep ... ? $ 40 ? ? ? i 've had better $ 20 gel pedis that have lasted at least 2 months . they either use cheap ass nail products here or she did n't properly clean my toes with alcohol for it all to come off in once piece like that . save your money and go elsewhere ; and needless to say , i wo n't be returning", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when we bought our house , we knew we wanted to get our living room painted a more grayish color . andrew came over for a consultation and suggested a great colors and gave us ideas to paint our kitchen as well : - ) he was super professional and did a great job . he also moved all the furniture , drapes & the tv that we had on the wall . when i need to do more painting in my house , i will definitely call andrew again . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrew and his nephew did amazing work at an affordable price . they came out for the quote and visited a second time to help us choose an appropriate paint color ! these guys showed up when they said they would , worked hard all day and finished early ! they even helped with a few small things to make the job look better ... completely unnecessary for a painter to offer to do , but much appreciated ! i would hire happy homes again in heartbeat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our kitchen painted yesterday and it is stunning . andrew was quick , affordable , and professional . he even gave me some ideas on finishing touches we could implement with our new color . really loving our space . i should note that the previous owners did a real bang-up paint job in our home . andrew was able to re-paint the base boards to make clean lines and cover up the edges where the previous painters had been lazy . overall i 'm so impressed with the way it came out . thank you again andrew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got four quotes to have the exterior of our house painted , and this one was the lowest by a pretty good amount . the work was all done by the owner and his nephew , and they completed the job within a week . andrew , the owner , was very personable and accommodating . they did a good job and were very reliable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had our entry way and hallway painted along with our white stair spindles . the entry way and hallway were too high for me to do , so i need a professional . i contacted andrew and he came out for a free estimate . within 15 mins , we had a quote and two days later he was painting . not only did he paint , he patched up the walls as well . andrew was extremely professional , quick and affordable . he completed all the work in one day ! i highly recommend andrew . we will use him again in the future for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrew 's the best painter we 've ever used , he 's super clean , fast and detail oriented . he 's extremely knowledgeable about sherwin williams paints and their colors ... he makes great recommendations and has a keen eye for design . he 's very professional and his prices are appropriate and affordable . he takes care of everything that comes along with the painting as far as moving furniture , removing pictures and curtain rods from the wall etc . i noted and appreciated that he was very careful with all our belongings when it came to moving furniture and removing things from his way ... he was very careful maneuvering around the room with his ladder and painting gear as to not scratch anything . it 's the little things that matter ! i 've already recommended him to two of our neighbors . give him a call , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i understand that as a small business owner you want to try and get all the new customers that you can and that you do n't want to try and turn away - or even delay - a potential client meeting . i have also had allergies for a really long time , so i understand it if you have them , or even if you are sick , because there are times when my nose will not stop running and i feel crazy sick . but if those things are happening at the same time , and i am the potential customer , do yourself a favor and reschedule . these things happen . however , i do not want your sick butt in my house . i do n't care how good you are or how wonderful your services , your nasty self wandering around the halls of my home is not going to convince me . i just ca n't say that this one fired on any cylinders . maybe someone else will have better luck on a better day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today i decided to break down and buy myself a very good pair of running shoes for my upcoming half marathons this fall . a few friends had suggested run for your life because of the personal touch they provide and honestly they were right ! i was greeted as i walked through the door and the associate was extremely friendly and really knew his stuff . he made me run through the store to gauge how i ran and what type of shoe would best fit my style and posture . i tried on about 6 pairs of shoes and got to try them out in the parking lot before i settled on a pair . overall , it was a great experience for my first time buying a nice pair of running shoes , i 'd definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been running for the last couple of years and have been clueless on the type of running shoe i needed for my style of running , i would just buy whatever was cheap or cute and kept it moving . i 've had a few aches and pains since then and was referred to this place for an analysis . the staff here is very knowledgeable and skilled and i was a fan right away . the young lady observed my walking and running style and had me running up and down the side walk in several types of shoes until i found the perfect shoe that had support for my ankles , was comfortable and had width and space across the top of my foot and oh was a full size larger than my regular shoe size ... ..boy was i clueless . needless to say , this is your go to spot for your running needs but do understand that it will come with a pretty price ... ... ... ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come to this store pretty often to sign up for races and frequently ask the staff about all aspects of running racing . the staff is very knowledgeable and very friendly - it has gotten to the point where they know me and some of my co-workers i drag in with me by a first name basis . have not had the pleasure of buying shoes from this store yet , but i am training for an upcoming half marathon and i was in there the other day looking at energy gels . not having used them at all before , i was a little scared , but the store associate put me at ease since she has experienced the gels snacks first hand and gave me good advice for trying some out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my second pair of shoes from here . the staff is very helpful and knowledgeable about fitting the correct shoes for your walking and running style . the first time i bought a pair of brooks and this time the asics and they feel great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to run for your life as recommend by my doctor for a pair of running shoes . the sales associate was very nice and he help me find the shoe for my needs , but needed to order my width . he told me it would be a week unless they were on back order and he would let me know . called the store after a week and was told they were not in , never ask my name . i went to omega sports was treated very kindly and fitted in my size and width after almost a week and half waiting on the ones to come in from run for your like . got a call from run for your life that the shoes were in never apoligzed went i told them i got tired of waiting and went some other place . do n't need this kind of treatment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been a customer here for several years . the staff is always helpful and knowledgeable . i was fitted for a pair of running shoes and they are perfect for me . i go out of my way to stop by this store to buy running accessories ( socks , nuun , etc . ) because they are so great . as a side note , i really wish they were open on sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped by there on the no-tax time friday a few weeks ago , and could n't have been happier with the choices and especially the staff . they took all the time i needed to make a great shoe choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was treated with total disrespect by a female employee when i asked if they had another color of a shoe in stock . she told me color does n't matter but the shoe does . i know that ( duh ) but i still want my shoes to look good on me . do n't treat me like a second rate citizen because i care about the color . this particular person was very snooty . i will not support a place that treats their customers like dirt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service ! went over and above to help me understand some of the issues i 've been having . gave me great advice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place to get properly fitted for walking or running shoes . dan is very knowledgeable and helpful . i ended up buying a pair of shoes because of the knowledge i was provided , the style and the comfort of the shoe . i highly recommend run for your life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super helpful and very knowledgeable staff . they have been very good to my wife and i . ca n't say enough skip the shoe store in the mall and check them out . they support they 're community and go out of they 're way to make sure u get the best product for you as a individual .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific shoes , comfortable clothing & useful accessories at good prices . the knowledgeable staff gives helpful advice & clearly is n't just trying to sell one product or line . in addition , my teenager ran a 5k sponsored by this store , & i overheard participants kindly talking about chris , the store owner & his family . i love shopping at independently owned businesses which support the city . it 's a win-win & so much cooler than being in a big box store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm trying to be a more diligent runner , but my left foot has been giving me issues . is it my shoes , the socks , the way i run ? thankfully beth at run for your life is there to help ! she listened patiently while i told her my issue , she watched me walk , did a running test on the treadmill , analyzed it with me , discussed possible other shoe offerings , advised me on socks , & `` body glide '' . i was very pleased with the level of attention i received . they also have a rewards program ... spend $ 250 in the store ( accumulating ) & you 'll receive a discount on your next purchase . the offerings ! they have shoes , socks , supplements , tops , & bottoms . while they are a locally owned store ( with other locations in the charlotte area ) , i feel they keep their prices very reasonable . they have running & training groups . they also sponsor & co-sponsor races around the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knowledgeable staff . help you find the perfect shoe and evaluate your gait . large selection of shoes and convenient location . will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have bought my running shoes here for 10+ years . very friendly and knowledgable staff who are able to evaluate and then meet the needs of anyone from a beginning exerciser to a seasoned runner . great selection of shoes , socks and running gear . i highly recommend run for your life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to find good shoes because i knew a place like this would have them . i was not expecting someone to look at my gait and help me pick the right shoes for me . we 'll done on service and knowledge . if this place does n't deserve 5 stars , i do n't know what would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after years of thinking about getting lasik , i finally made the plunge . lasikplus is awesome . their free consultation had little or no sales pressure but was packed full of information to help you make an informed decision . they have some financing options but i went with using fsa which i would recommend if you have fsa or hsa available to you . the final results ? the next day i 'm seeing about 20 15 which is amazing . dr. perry had some concerns and voiced them to me because my vision was so poor . now i 'm only looking forward to my vision getting better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a wonderful place to be treated . awesome staff and center . i just had my procedure on 3 29 and upon my follow-up discovered that my vision is now 20 15 ! ! ! i never expected to see without the use of glasses again . i have held off getting lasik for about 10 years due to financial reasons , but their payment plans have made it all possible . dr. perry was very supportive and explained guided me through the entire procedure . i was very nervous at first , which is not typical for me , but come on ... it 's my eyes ! dr. perry reassured me and made me very comfortable . the staff was so helpful from the consult to the procedure . they are friendly and knowledgeable . the facility is super clean and they even had drinks and snacks : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best money that i have ever spent ! the entire staff was incredible and did a great job of keeping me calm and assured that everything would be fine . the surgery was super fast and a few hours later my vision was better than it was with glasses . lasik plus in scottsdale is a phenomenal option and i would recommend them to anyone . skyler c", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every single person i met during my consultation and eye surgery were incredibly pleasant , helpful , informative , reassuring and made the whole process and experience go so smoothly ! dr. perry was ahmazing ! ! i can see and have had absolutely no issues ! ! ( knock on wood ) the surgery was super quick which i was expecting but was still surprised how quickly the patients before me were in and out ! thanks lasikplus for everything ! ! you rock ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are worried about lasik or prk do n't be . i had prk last week and it was a piece of cake . dr perry took the time to explain the procedure and share the pros and cons of each procedure . i was comfortable with my decision and knew i was in good hands . the procedure itself was painless and tool about 5 minutes per eye . the next few days my eyes were sensitive and felt like there was sand in them . each day got easier and my eyesight is getting crisper every day . i 'm glad i made the decision to have the surgery ! thanks lasik +", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have worn glasses or contacts for my entire life , so obviously the thought of ever having perfect vision seemed too good to be true . it has now been 4 weeks since my surgery and i could n't be happier . it still feels surreal to no longer have to worry about my vision and i have to thank dr. perry and the entire staff at lasikplus for that . if you are thinking about getting lasik , i highly recommend taking the plunge and doing so at lasikplus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to get your eyes done hands down ! they explain everything and you leave with confidence . the surgery went nice and smooth , but the best part is how friendly everyone is ! if you decide to get your eyes done this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i can see clearly now and in my profession that is very important . they are always flexible with appointment times and remember me when i come in to their office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say , i have been nervous about talking to people for years . my prescription is terrible and i was afraid of refection . not only am i a candidate , everyone there was amazing , inviting and knowledgeable . they have the most advanced lasers in use . i was so comfortable that i actually purchased on the first visit , and i never buy something immediately . i will update later as things progress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the prk done , love the results . the staff is so caring , helpful and made the experience less stressful . so glad i had the procedure done with lasikplus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. perry and staff are amazing . today was my surgery 5 hours later i 'm posting this i can see things i could n't see and so clear . i 'm very impressed and very excited this was a investment that was well worth the cost . thanks once again you guys are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. perry and his staff gave me vision i thought was unachievable . staff was awesome and follow up is quick and simple . my prescription was strong and they were still able to help me . i am confident driving night or day thanks to dr. perry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for anyone thinking of doing lasik , do it ! the staff and doctors were great . very attentive and willing to explain everything going on . the procedure took all of 15 min . the longest process is the qualification and the the verification day of the procedure . those 2 processes take probably about 1 hour . this portion has less to do with the lasikplus and more about expectations . first hour after you can see but things are hazy . hours 2-4 lots of tears , the best thing to do is sleep . hours 5+ i could see and was able but there was still a little haze but less pain . when i say pain i 'm referring to more of an irritation , like having an extremely dry contact in and there is n't much you can do to ease the irritation . again after taking the nap the pain subsided tremendously . thanks to lasik plus my vision is now 20 15 better than 20 20 . the service and results thereof were amazing and much appreciated . best decision i made all year and we are only in june !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. perry was amazing i got my lasik surgery yesterday and today i already see as good if not better than i did with my glasses on , and it is just going to get better thanks lasikplus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was really nervous about getting my lasik done ( i 'm not exactly the least anxious person when it comes to surgery ) but i 'm so grateful that i got it done ! ! it 's been a week and already i 've gone to sedona and its amazing how far and clear i can see now . the staff was so friendly and patient and really answered all of my questions before the procedure and even now after . the surgery itself was n't bad- around 15 minutes and virtually painless . i 'd recommend now that i do n't have to buy anymore glasses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. perry is absolutely amazing , i love this place . i was so nervous on procedure day but he explained everything to me throughly before and during the procedure , told me what i should expect in the next couple of hours after the procedure and also the days following . he called the same night to follow up and make sure i was doing okay . he genuinely cares about his patients and is very compassionate . both my mum and i were treated by dr. perry and i would n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously loud because a lot of people but over this the chair moving on the ground so not good music to the ears . other wise the food is ok i took omelet veggie and not really tasty i must use ketchup to tasty up and i do n't like ketchup . but hey no problem the service very nice but not fast from the kitchen maybe because the place was pack ? i love to go but at 7:00 am when people still sleep and you can enjoy the peacefully of this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the lobster omelette featuring a quarter-pound of gently saut\u00e9ed nova scotia lobster , provolone cheese , green onions , topped with our famous hollandaise sauce and broiled to finish . judging this book by its cover , when placed in front of me , i gave it the 'ol stink-eye for i thought i was being duped by the claim of a full quarter-pound of lobster . i crossed my arms and gave my plate sheldon look of exhaustion and ever so slight amusement . until i cracked the sucker opened and lobster came tumbling out like monica geller 's junk closet . the hollandaise sauce gave the omelette a definite richness that complimented the lobster , whose brininess brought out and was cut by the lemon in the sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ham , egg , and three cheese crepe fed me for two days and , in all reality , could have probably fed me for three ! it was much better on day one , but it was probably one of the best crepes i 've ever had in my life . it was like eating a crepe from a street cart in france ( only a bit more expensive ) . also , there 's lots of good modest egg decor which just made me happy . i did have to knock a star off because the service was just that bad . we did n't see our waiter for a solid 30+ minutes after finishing our food , and we were pretty limited on time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's anchored at the bottom level of the rockland shopping mall . we both had 'le classique ' breakfast dish . eggs , toasts , home fries , baked beans and a side of cured meat . i intended a more befitted story to tell but it is what you would eggspect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the eggs are not even good and you 'd expect them to be because 1 . eggspectation and 2 . you ca n't mess up breakfast breakfast is my favorite meal and i love avocados so it 's a bit disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "si vous etes au centre rockland et avez le gout d'un bon dejeuner , c'est la meilleur place . menu interessant , prix abordable , service courtois et rapide , acces en ascenseur possible , donc parfait pour les gens en mobilite reduite . la nourriture etait bonne et il y a des assietes originales !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great breakfast here and would recommend it . the menu was huge and had a ton of options for both breakfast and lunch . had a bagel with egg and melted cheese on it ... ..awesome stuff . the coffee was about the best that we had on our trip to the great white north . and the service was terrific .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super convenient and very experienced groomer ! she was very friendly and my katsu loves her too . i would definitely recommend this mobile grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vera is great starting out with a fast response for a quote for my to yorkies . at our appointment day she txt me 30 minutes before she got to my place very professional . also i liked that her grooming vehicle is lage a camper not a van . she did a fabulous job grooming my 2 long coat babies . i definitely will recommend her services . it is very convenient and the cost for my babies was the same as i would have gone to a groomer thanks vera see you soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vara was efficient and on time . i have used multiple mobile groomers in the valley and vara is by far the most genuine & very fast ! ! i have two pups and she groomed both in about 2 hours . she was quick , efficient and courteous . i will definitely use vara again for my dogs grooming needs : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vara is experienced , friendly and efficient . i have a yorkie and a german shepherd and she takes care of all of their grooming needs . they both love her and it is easy to see why - she treats them as if they are her own . i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 8 month old yorkie just got her first haircut and she 's beautiful ! i know she was scared since i 've never left her with anyone , ever , but she looks great and she 's happy as can be ! great job ! i will definitely be calling back every time lily needs a make-over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this girl rocks ! ! ! ! ! exactly how i wanted my pup trimmed . will defiantly be using her in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vara is by far the best groomer we have ever used for our dogs . when they need a shave , she takes the time to fade the head and neck area together so the pups do n't end up looking like weird bobbleheads . the nails are trimmed to perfection and she always tops off the look with a cute bandana . she is the consummate professional , always arriving on time with a smile on her face and ready to make the pups look their best . as an added bonus , she comes to the house which has made it so much easier for us and stress free for our babies . we highly recommend vara to anyone in need of an excellent groomer at a very reasonable price . our dogs love her and so do we !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just had vara groom our 12 year old cocker spaniel and she did a spectacular job . bailey had not been groomed in several months , since our old grooming shop had gone out of business , and he was a mess . i hardly recognized him when he came back in . she is very nice , professional , quite reasonable and she will definitely be grooming bailey on a regular basis now . she also called us 25 minutes before she arrived to let us know she was on her way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vara is an excellent groomer ! always knows how i my shitzu to look ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job , very happy with my furry kids haircuts , smell wonderful too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vara was amazing ! ! ! i have had so many problems with mobile groomers since i moved to las vegas . my first mobile groomer was amazing but went out of business . i tried a new one a few months ago and they butchered my dog so this was my third attempt to get the perfect groomer and i hit the jackpot ! i have a 2 year old male morkie and i can not stress how easy it is to get a terrible cut from the wrong groomer . jitsu came out fluffy and adorable ! vara listened to my concerns and gave me exactly what i was looking for . jitsu 's haircut is even and is the perfect summer cut ! thank you vara ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i used vara she is really good . very friendly went to school for grooming she told me and has been doing this for 8 years excellent ! she was very good with my girls 2 yorkies isabelle and jordyn ! vera cut them perfect they look adorable and exactly how i like them cut ! i plan to use vera again and hope to develop a long grooming relationship with her . i suggest to give her a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use happy paws for all of my miniature schnauzer 's grooming needs and am exceptionally happy with my dog 's groomer ( vara ) and this company . vara is very responsive , punctual and is accommodating with my schedule limitations . pricing is great , if not better , than most places . my schnauzer loves vara and is very comfortable with her . best of all , my guy comes back smelling fantastic , clean and looking handsome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful service . she is so friendly and took amazing care of our boy . he looks so handsome ! thank you so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "china buffet king is a good , traditional chinese buffet restaurant . it is located directly behind the wendy 's on noblestown road , so it is easy to miss unless your looking for it . good food , good service . about what you would expect from a restaurant like this . price is reasonable as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expect to stuff your face and feel awful afterwards . great chinese buffet experience . food hot and its clear there is a high turnover of tables . for 7 bucks ; ca n't beat it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place does n't exist anymore ! i went up and down back and fourth , def nothing where that address is . nothing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently went to the china king buffet , because my parents kept saying how consistently good the food was . this could not be further from the truth and in fact , it was among the worst dining experiences that i 've had in over a decade . this has to be among the worst chinese buffets in the city . listen to the others reviewers , the food is awful and your money would be better spent elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we did photo session for our daughter and our family a few weeks ago , it was great ! connie and her husband are very friendly and professional , we got amazing pictures really fast , about 6 days after session . reasonable price , positive attitude . so happy to work with you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cw life photography captured every memorable moment of my graduation celebration event perfectly ! they were highly professional and non-intrusive . their pricing was fair and reasonable . more important , they have the unique ability to take candid photographs of people at their finest . the photos were more than just snapshots ... . it was art ! i was extremely pleased with every aspect of working with cw life photography . i will definitely engage their services again . i wholeheartedly recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car was super dirty after not having been washed for a year , and not detailed in the 7 years since i 've owned it , and these guys did a great job . it 's like having a new car now . if only they could 've folded and put away all the clothing i left in my trunk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing detail ! my car has n't looked this good or smelled this fresh in years ! they were time efficient and affordable . would absolutely recommend to the las vegas area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "downtown details gets the job done . punctual and thorough . i do n't wash my car nearly enough , so these guys get to deal with months of dirt and bird crap . but they do an immaculate job and their attention to detail is unmatched . best mobile detailing in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cody and his team are awesome ! i have worked with detailers over the years but i have never had the quality of service that cody provides . on top of that , i believe that he underprices . cody : charge a little more . in our culture of `` whatever '' , cody does n't get that . he is a competent , responsive perfectionist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys do an amazing job and come to you wherever you want . i asked them if they needed to hook up to the hose and they said no . they bring there own filtered water with them ! ! ! friendly , great job and they come to you ... what else could you ask for ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "downtown details made my car look amazing inside and out . easy to set up a time and place that was convenient for me which is very helpful because my schedule is all over the place . it had been a few years since i had detailed my car and downtown details easily removed all those years of dirt and dust from my car . the inside smells better just for that . i highly recommend them to anyone and have already sent family and friends their way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing job ! ! the owner was on time , friendly , motivated and the price was right ; i 'll use downtown details regularly moving forward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , amazing detail from top to bottom ! i recommend the headlight restoration , it looks like new ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys made my car look brand new ! better than new even . it was the brightest shiniest car on the road . 5 star recommendation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys rule ! i 'll admit i have n't taken the best care of my truck but they were able to get it looking great again , even the wheels with the set on brake dust . and for a great price , which definitely does n't hurt . also means i do n't have to wait years to get it cleaned again ! thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , quiet and orderly . refreshing that you do n't have to pay extra for alternative milk . small selection of vegan baked goods from tori 's bakeshop are available so you do n't have to trek to the far east end . admittedly i 'm not a comic book fan , so the concept is lost on me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s chouette endroit . les caf\u00e9s et p\u00e2tisseries ( aussi v\u00e9g\u00e9taliennes ) sont excellents et \u00e0 un prix raisonnable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely in my top two favourite coffee shops in the neighbourhood . great coffee , very friendly staff , good vibe , solid baked goods , tea by the pot , with the added bonus of being able to browse comics , and laugh at hilarious jokes on the sandwich board outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new spot at queen & greenwood ! chris , the owner barista has combined her two passions - comics and coffee . i can only comment on the caffeinated side of the business ... she knows her espresso ! using cut beans , supplied and roasted by sam james , and a borrowed espresso machine ( hers is still at customs ) , she turned out an excellent cortado . coming from working at at least 2 other local coffee shops , chris knows what she 's doing . the space is comfortable and gorgeous , and the goodies delicious . having only been open for a couple of weeks , this place is really well thought out and put together . the comics are neatly displayed on custom racks . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here one sunday morning and had the most delicious cookie and soy latte . there is something about their soy lattes that are smooth and tasty . i typically hate soy lattes but this one tasted like a regular milk latte , which is rare . music is soft and not jarring , so i could hear my conversation partner easily and could also ready a nice book by the big window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited the sidekick quite recently for the first time with a friend , exploring leslieville , and i was quite pleased . this is an enjoyable new space indeed , with plenty of the latest comic books and graphic novels for sale across a spacious room from a good menu of coffees and snacks , with plenty of comfortable seating in a family-friendly environment for people to hang .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adorable space , best latte in leslieville and the kindest staff you will ever encounter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great space . very good coffee . pastries are from a vegan bakery up to road . i wish they were open in the evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hubby and i are coffee fanatics and love to trying them all out . when we heard a new cafe had opened up close to us we had to go and pay a visit . great coffee and the baked goodies looked delicious ( even though we did n't buy any ) and the ambience was very chill . i would highly recommend this cafe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool place ! good coffee & snacks , lots of seating , racks of comics & graphic novels , and it still feels open and roomy . great for hangouts or getting some work done on your laptop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great little place ! good coffee ( 8 10 , but i 'm a coffee nut ) and great people . have only been in business 3 months and i wish them many more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just discovered this queen street east leslieville gem . there are too few decent comic shops in the east end of toronto and now the sidekick has stepped up to counter that lack . combine a kickass comic shop with a great coffee shop and you get nerdvana ! located conveniently at queen street east and greenwood ave , the eclectic shop is not cluttered and there is plenty of table space for reading and sipping , and the coffee is top notch too . check them out at www.thesidekickcomics.com .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super wonderful atmosphere ! love their coffee and teas . one of my favourites is definitely the vegan donuts ( from tori 's bakeshop ) and the scones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guys , guuuuuys , guys ! ! ! ! i ca n't tell you how happy i was that this place opened up . every morning i secretly hope i miss my streetcar so i can go in for a latte and every time i go in there 's a new awesome thing on the shelves ( jane hats ! buttons ! all the comics ever ! ) . and everyone is awesome ! everything is awesome ! this place is awesome . may i miss many streetcars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time there this weekend , and wow , this place is super chill . huge windows gives it a super spacious feel , racks of comic books and swag on one side of the cafe , and hella amazing coffee , why did it take so long for to to have something like this ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great concept , execution and decor . the coffee is fantastic and so is the selection of comics and collectables", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the regular coffee is actually good in my opinion . i come here just for the coffee sometimes . wife 's mochas are hit or miss depending on who makes them but when they 're on they 're good . staff are nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've walked past this place a few times and finally decided to try it out . glad i did ! so good to see that they 're serving up cut coffee as i 'm a huge fan . i got an americano and blueberry lemon scone which was pretty good . the coffee , of course , was great and the atmosphere was very relaxed . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the best restaurants i 've ever gone . to say the service is pretty pretty good the food is amazing and their coffee is the best i 've ever tasted their cookies are delicious i could go on but you should visit yourself", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yelp 365 challenge 2014- ( 334 365 ) `` blast from the past '' quaint little shop on wyoming street in boulder city . this lady seems to specialize in retro and vintage items and a seasonal touch . there are nice little knickknacks and vintage jewelry as well . i thought she had a nice selection of vintage christmas ornaments that i 've never seen before . i also came across an old sled and cool stove that still worked ! if you or anyone you know is into antiques and vintage stuff , you may want to point them in this direction if you 're out and about in boulder city ! aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu 3", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the store is so cute and has great merchandise . the store owner is very sweet and knowledgeable . she rotates and even themes the stock she has ! everything is fair priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect place to shop for a unique gift , especially for a lady . everything is so attractively displayed , that you wish you could just say `` i 'll take it all '' , and not try to decide . always fresh and charming for the season . a must stop when you are in boulder city . lots of other cute shops on that street too , and more nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mini facials & arm massages do n't typically come standard with a regular hair cut , but light salon pampers their customers . i 've been coming here for years . every stylist i 've tried has been fabulous and friendly . i also love the aveda tea they offer to sip on while you wait or while you 're getting you 're hair cut - it 's so calming . i just leave the salon feeling soooothed and glamorous ! during my last visit i was slightly disappointment ; when i checked in there , the salon did not honor the 10 % off voucher offered on yelp ! claiming they were not aware of the promotion . bummer man ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible communication after a poor wax service . i sent 2 messages to the salon : one via facebook messenger and one via email . over 2 weeks later and one follow up phone call , i got no response ! i called a second time and explained to the receptionist what happened-she finally goes to get a manager . they apologized and said it was unlike them to not answer messages but i find that hard to believe ... the first time i called the receptionist had an excuse that i was busy because of the holidays . no it 's just lo or service and business management . on a positive note , i thought the salon and spa was set up very well-decor was nicely done . but i 've started going to european wax center now to avoid another repeat issue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't go to this salon unless you want to leave broke . i went in just to get my roots touched up and before i knew it i was getting my ends glossed also . i was listening to the other clients who where getting their hair done and they were also getting extra services suggested and added . then she started talking about their products ( aveda ) and asking what i use on my hair and at the end asked if i needed any products for my hair when i told her at the beginning that i had enough products . when i originally called the salon i was told that retouch with color starts at $ 38 . i usually go to the brown aveda institute to get my color retouched ; however , their hours are limited so i decided to try this salon . i can get the same quality service and a much better job for between $ 45-55 dollars and the stylist wash all of the hair color out unlike the stylist at the light salon & spa . she certainly was n't worth $ 134.00 that i paid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best place to go for hair extensions . they make it easy and really work with you to pick the best blend of colors . my new long hair looks so natural and healthy , you would never know it 's not all real . price can be a little steep , but it 's an investment and i am really enjoying my new look . leanne is the stylist for them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband , sister in law and i have our hair cut at light salon . i also receive periodic color and spa services . we have received nothing but the best service from every stylist esthetician . we each see different stylists , but have an exceptional experience every time . perfect hair cuts , beautiful color and excellent service . it 's comforting to know that we can schedule an appointment anytime and have no concerns about the results . they also include a mini facial and a hand and arm massage with every salon service -- so relaxing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good salon with reasonable prices considering it 's an aveda salon . periodically the aveda products go on sale , which is hard to find . look out for coupons for services too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "public golf course in willoughby hills . donald ross designed , beautiful course . about 20-25 mins drive from downtown cle . part of the metro parks courses around the greater cleveland area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great donald ross design ... play the back tees for full effect ... needs work on the edges and some new carts w gps", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my friends recently got married here and i was very impressed with the venue . they had an outdoor wedding and the setting was beautiful . they were married under a gazebo overlooking the woods which added to the entire atmosphere of the event .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have played here before and usually enjoy the course . however , today was a different experience . arrived about twenty minutes before our tee time and did n't tee off until 15 minutes past it . the sprinklers center of the fairway were going on two holes . when we called to make the clubhouse aware they did n't seem to care and said make sure to `` stay away , it 's stinky water . '' in addition , there was a group of 6 playing in front of us with loud rap music blaring . the clubhouse was not very accommodating and again did not seem to care . very disappointed in this experience . needless to say , i wo n't be coming back this summer , unless i get the urge to cool off in the sprinklers on a hot summer day and jam out to some rap . # springbreak", "score": "1"}
{"review": "blow it out . the party 's over . this candle has flickered and the flame has gone out . wax on . wax off . closed . and for anyone who caught my stand up , yes indeed , i have purchased tapered candles here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good news ! ! ! the candle outlet is now `` global home '' and they are alive and well . same amazing candles and wonderful staff . i am so very excited that they are back ... .go see them ... and tell them lori sent you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are open once again ! ! ! the sign says global homes and still in the same location with the same wonderful candles and much more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i kind of feel sweet because i had swordfish . ( only because i 've never actually had it before and it was delicious ! ) and , of course , it was from my new favorite fish shop in cleveland , kate 's fish . we 're talking impeccable freshness in northeast ohio , but like we lived on the coast . nom . the folks who work here are super nice too . again , i must mention that although i love shopping the wsm , the people who man the food stands are typically rushed and flustered . but , kate 's fish is an exception to the attitude . the service is speedy , but they 'll actually take the time to give you cooking recipe tips . you know , because nothing is worst than getting a gorgeous cut of fish and then ruining it ! seriously , if you 're getting fish in c-town , you should be getting it at kate 's fish . you wo n't find better quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kate 's fish is not closed , in fact , it is vibrant as ever . in no uncertain terms , it is not ony the best place to buy seafood at the westside market but in the entire city of cleveland . the reasons are simple - by far the most unique and quality product offerings as well as the best service . i 've gotten to know tom and eric because they treat you kindly but quickly and directly , wasting no time , making themselves available to tell you what incredible grade tuna they might have or tips on preparing something different . of course , the bustle of the market just makes the place that much cooler as you might bump into one of kate 's regulars ( ruhlman , sawyer , etc . ) as i have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tom , the owner had a very bad attitude when i asked him why the price of the fish was higher than it was the day before . became argumentative . very poor customer skills . not sure what the chip he is carrying around on his shoulder . i miss his mother who was very understanding and would explain things . you may have decent fish tom , but with the other options available at the market i prefer to deal with a vendor who is more personable . i see from other posts that i am not the only one to comment on this . take some advice from your customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kate 's fish has the very best quality and variety of seafood in northeast ohio . they always have a solid lineup of both lake and ocean fish , and an amazing shellfish selection . the staff is knowledgeable on source , quality , and cooking recommendations , which helps when you are trying something new . they are the premier spot if you want to enjoy fresh , high quality seafood at a reasonable cost . it 's a ton of fun getting to see the weekly selections , whole fish , gorgeous fillets , delicious shellfish , and of course , the house made goodies - their house smoked salmon is , easily , one of my favorite foods in the world ! keep up the good work , kf !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best fish monger in the city ! great selection . the service ca n't be beat ! always fresh , beautifully displayed . and helpful ! i literally plan my seafood dinners around when i can get to kate 's . prices are right on market too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove 3 hrs . to buy crab claws . bought about $ 80 worth . got home and prepared them . they smelled like ammonia ! could n't eat them . if i lived closer i would have returned them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kate 's fish is my go-to stand at the west side market for seafood . the fish is consistently fresh and the employees are very helpful with questions . i also really like how everything is clearly and consistently priced . they do a great job wrapping your purchase so it does not leak or otherwise intermingle with all the other items you inevitably purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the sushi grade fish , not the restaurant . disappointing . it seems that northeast ohio is not the place to look for sushi grade fish ! no one has anything but salmon , ahi tuna and maybe scallops . same was true here even though i heard they had more . i had emailed them prior to going but they never even replied .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best seafood in cleveland . period . their prices are very reasonable and they have an amazing selection . plus the staff , while they can be gruff at times , are extremely knowledgable and do a great job of making sure you get what you want whole moving the line along . i 've had salmon , tuna , oysters , shrimp , anchovies , etc . from here and every time it 's been spot on . keep up the good work kate 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great variety of fish ! alternative to the expensive wild king salmon is the organic scottish salmon which is fed a wild diet and is available at kate 's fish and half of the price . i am half west indian so i am always looking for king fish which they have . the fish smells great . never going to giant eagle for fish again ! halibut , chilean sea bass , black and red grouper . snapper on deck and not the kind preserved with gas either . they also have tilapia and trout too ... they keep several types of oysters , escargot , mussels , crab legs , black tiger shrimp , prawns ( scampi ) , and fresh ( never frozen ) pink florida shrimp , and frozen pink florida shrimp . a little pricey , but hey , worth it to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "organic ... scottish ... salmon ... my family members are spoiled brats that wo n't order salmon at a restaurant anymore because i can cook them the best salmon at home ( what did i do to myself ? ) . also , when available the lake perch is outstanding ! usually , i need to get a few pin bones out of the perch myself but , i guess taking tweezers to a fish filet for a couple of minutes can be therapeutic . the best shrimp to get when available is their never frozen florida shrimp ( ask for it , if they have it , purchase ! ) i 'm serious , if you sniff the never frozen shrimp , you can smell the freshness and that will make your dish superb . fish tacos with their haddock , grilled escolar or chilean sea bass with basic lemon butter sauce , jumbo scallops . ok , i 'm hungry , i 'm done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "baby octopus and shrimp anyone ? ? visting the west side market yesterday , we 'd read about kate 's fish market . wow ! their offerings were as promised : fresh , clean , and beyond yummy . baby octopus is n't an ingredient you find very often . we 've eaten octopus in a few restaurants , but never had the opportunity to try cooking it for ourselves . well with the guidance of kates staff , we served up an incredible 5 star worthy meal : baby octopus , clean large shrimp , ohio city squid ink pasta and their roasted garlic butter . omg ! kate we love you ! fresh ingredients , handled with care , the best seafood we 've had the pleasure to put in our mouths ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best place to buy fish in cleveland , they have lot of fish - its better to visit them on friday evening since they get a lot of fish on friday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty much my standard go to spot for seafood in cleveland . great salmon . good selection of fish . good prices ( they 're always willing to negotiate a bit depending on how much and what you buy ) . not much more you can ask for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to get fresh , healthy , solidly-executed food . unfortunately , the menu 's lacks imagination and is a bit limited , especially for brunch . there are more choices for drinks than there are for food , hence the name tearoom . all teas and coffees are served in french presses with an egg timer so you get the perfect brew . you get the choice of soy , rice or almond milk and a wide range of sweeteners . the blue corn griddle cakes served with maple syrup and blueberries was full of fibery goodness . we also had a spelt foccacia sandwich filled with an artichoke-garlic spread , spinach and shredded carrots . the salty miso soup helped balance the blandness of the sandwich . healthy does n't necessarily mean bland . i 've had some great raw vegan meals in nyc where they use lots of herbs and spices to make up for less salt . mandala could be great with an injection or two of creativity .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "vegan coconut cake ... are you kidding me ? moist , crunchy toasted coconut shavings , thick creamy coconut frosting ... i just shed a tear . mandala tea room is such a delight ! i am forever a slave to their desserts and teas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had lunch here and was impressed . great vegan menu , which is much needed in the phoenix area . service and atmosphere were both nice . i enjoyed the ceasar salad ( not the best vegan dressing i 've ever had but still good ) and a wonderful blt on foccacia . i 've been hoping for a place with a simple good blt for a long time in this area and they 've definately got it . i had a taste of the chips and salsa which was also excellent and comes with a great vegan sour cream", "score": "5"}
{"review": "supposedly closed ? i would agree as to why- my husband and i waited for over an hour for rice and salad ... that was yucky mundane and worse than fast food- service was horrible- the wait staff did nothing but throw food down and walk away without any refills , how is your food , nothing- we had to beg for our check- we are glad they are gone ... nothing to miss ... if you disagree..then you eat plain rice ... .and guess what ... i can make it cheaper and tastier at home- there are better `` healthy '' restaurants in town- just because they were on 5th avenue ... .people clearly were not coming back for a reason- bye ... .bye ... will not be missed ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was not too impressed with my first experience at the mandala tearoom . several of the items on the menu where unavailable that day ( including the one i had hoped to order ) so i decided on a vegan blt . it was okay , but nothing to rave about . i did enjoy their selection of tea . i had a delicious `` coconut creme '' black tea that i would highly recommend . next time i go i 'll take my fella , we 'll go stretch out in their comfy lounge area , sip some great tea and skip the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazingly good . i love going here . the only bad thing is its in the heart of old town scottsdale which can be a bitch to navigate . trust me though its definitely worth it . they have many types of teas and i personally love the toasted foccacia bread with 3 spreads . uh ! thinking about it is making me extremely happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am glad my child attended la petite 's preschool program . i believe miss irene is a great teacher . i consider her to be a highly qualified and highly experienced preschool teacher , and teachers are the most important aspect of any preschool program . i consider my child lucky to have been able to attend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this school to all parents who need daycare . i researched a lot and this is the place for us . our son has been going here since he was 8 weeks old and just celebrated his first birthday . ms. richa was his infant i teacher ( 8wks-9mo ) and he adores her . ms. d'ambra is his infant ii teacher ( 9mo-18mo ) and we couldnt be happier with her as well . all the staff there is amazing . we pay a pretty penny but if you refer people you get some tuition knocked off . they are open 6am-6:30pm so it works with everyone 's schedule . they have fun family events , date night for parents ( so you can still go out and they watch the baby ) and have dress up days and carnivals for the kids . we are super happy and recommend every child to attend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to la petite academy for over 18 months since my son was born and have been very satisfied with the level of service i receive from this establishment . the director stephanie is very nice and the prices are reasonable . my baby 's diapers are changed every two hours , he 's fed , and i 've learned to trust my son in there care . i will be more than likely using them for our 2nd baby next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enrolled my daughter in kindergarten prep when she started attending pk at louis wiener . love that they provide transportation , a hot lunch , snacks , daily report cards & you can pick how many days hours each week ( great for my work schedule that changes every week ) . mrs. stephanie is amazing , she 's very thorough , knowledgeable & kind . free enrollment + 10 % discount for casino employees !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's totally worth stopping by this local mexican food chain , which is just as good or better than the chipotle and moe 's a few blocks away . everything is delicious and well-presented for fast food . i like to get the `` naked '' burrito which is served over romaine lettuce , sans tortilla . i 've had great experiences with the service too ; everyone is friendly and you are served quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally found a place that has california burrito ! ! it 's pretty good ! their hot sauce is really spice and delicious ! found my new mexican food place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my absolute favorite mexican food in the city of pittsburgh ! have been to all three locations and i am never disappointed . my favorite menu items are the chicken tostadas and steak tacos . the ingredients are fresh and the color palette is vibrant . definitely worth a visit if you love authentic mexican cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ... .took one star off because i think the meat portions could be a bit more . freash , delicious , friendly staff and nice location . this is a great lunch spot for you to ride solo or take a friend . i ate the entire salad including the taco shell bowl . prices are good and the service is quick as well as efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a bad lunch spot . the fish is good ! the tacos are pretty decent as are the ranchero burritos . the steak is super salty . the salsa is like water . they get your food out in 5-10 minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this gun shop is the best place to go and will do exceedly well because it 's owner knows how to run a business ! he was extremely knowledgable , friendly , juggled multiple customers without making anyone feel like they were wasting time , and made the overall experience a great one . i walked out very content with my new red and black .38 revolver . i highly recommend the parabellum emporium .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in not knowing anything about guns ... came out fairly knowledgeable . ..owner is friendly , good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took a buddy in there to buy a shotgun after looking on the web site and it said in stock but then when my buddy went to buy it the price went up by $ 20.00 but to make things worse he told my buddy it would cost an extra $ 20.00 for shipping since it was a special order . i 'm thinking ok maybe the price went up that happens but $ 20.00 for special order for something that is supposed to ne in stock that is absolutely one star material .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner is so awesome ! we ordered a coonan 357 mag . it was such a great experience that i do n't believe we will go anywhere else . one of my hobbies is guns , so i will be back to pick up the smith and wesson governor . i have complete trust with them and feel like if there is ever a gun they do n't carry , he will bend over backwards to get what we want . his shop is santa 's workshop and he is the firearm santa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i knew how good their service and selection was . i wish i knew if the staff was friendly and knowledgeable . i do n't however because their store never answered any phone calls ( 6 ) and when i went there in person to discuss the weapon i was interested in , they were n't open ... during their posted business hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. terry simpson is my doctor ! he did my lap band and is the best ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. simpson is the most amazing weight loss doctor ! he really takes time to get to know you and works with you to meet your goals . i 've had my lap band for over 5 years and it still works beautifully ! i recommend him time and time again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. simpson and his staff are amazing ! if you want the best surgeon , see dr. simpson . he is very supportive and helps you to achieve the results you want . i highly recommend dr. simpson and his great team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am just about at 1 year since my band was done . and thanks to terry simpson . and all his staff . they have helped me change my life around and have given me new outlook on life i am losing weight on every visit and my quality of life has changed so much it hard to believe some times i would just like to say thank you so much dr.terry simpson and your complete staff who are always so kind and willing to help for helping me change my life and eating habits around so that i will be able to live and longer happier life words alone can not start to tell you all how thankful i am to all of you who have helped me get to where i am today you all will always mean somthing special to me as well as being my life saver . thank you again and keep up the good work of saving lifes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking forward to seeing dr. simpson very soon . been a patient for a few years now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll keep it simple : if you want great food that 's not frozen , thoroughly cooked and at your table in under 30 minutes : do n't eat here . if you want to stare at the wall or a bunch of replicated nascar junk : you should come here because there 's something wrong with you . save your money . burger king is cheaper .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't understand how this place stays open ! i have been to the lakewood location three times , two times it was dead service was ok . the other visit it was slammed and service was bad . the food is unbelievably bad ! ! ! wings are soggy or tuff , and overall horrible . on top of everything , the food is way over priced ! i will never go here for anything again . if i could give this a honest rating , i would give it 1 2 star because of a nice patio .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "is it just me or do the prices go up every time i go there . ordered the boneless wing salad to go . paid $ 9 for a half empty box of wilted lettuce . they forgot the dressing . worst of all the container they put the chicken into exploded because ti was too full and filled the bag with chicken and sauce . the celery had all those stringy bits that should be removed and were brown at the edges . they could n't even get the pita on the side right . for christ sake would it hurt to warm that stuff up . did i mention i paid dollars for half a salad and a mess to clean up . i will never dine here again or pick up . i felled totally duped . i also had to wait 30 minutes to pick up and order i called in 40 minutes ago . get your shit together !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is so mediocre yet the price is not . the service is always awful . i thought i was playing it safe by taking my food to go this time , but the take-out girl was more interested in flirting with some guy ( in front of his girlfriend , too ) than even acknowledging me . definitely the last time i eat at this dump . p.s . they charge you $ 1 to split sauces . it 's not about the $ 1 , it 's an insult to the customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the breaded boneless wings at quaker steak are pretty gross . i recently ordered boneless wings ( breaded , not grilled ) and all of the wing sauce ( and grease ? ) had absorbed into the breading making them soggy and greasy . i keep trying to think of another descriptive word , but gross is pretty accurate . the wing sauce itself was supposed to be medium and should have had a little kick to it , but did n't . i threw the wings out ( insert sad face here ) and felt gross for eating what i had . i have n't ever had anything great from the menu - at this location or any other location . overpriced and mediocre ( at best ) is a pretty good summary of all of my visits to quaker steak . no need to return . service is okay . parking is good as there are parking spots in the front of the building and a large parking lot behind the building .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a chain restaurant , it 's not the best , not the worst . average . the food i would give 3 stars . the reason i am giving 2 stars is because the service . our waitress started out pretty average . once we got our food it started to go down hill . about 10 minutes after i started eating , i needed more ranch and my friend jen needed more water . i noticed our waitress was just seating a table down from us , flirting with the 2 dudes she was serving . we let 10 minutes pass and she still did n't moved . i had to flag a different waitress down to get what we needed . super bogus . lesson learned stick to mom and pop restaurants for awesome 5 star food and 5 star service . eat locally .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's an ok place , the food is ok , the service i got was personable and good . i ca n't get over the gaudy chain storefront that got stuck smack dab in the middle of lakewood . when i first drove by it i thought it was an eyesore , and when i brought myself to go in , still agreed . it sticks out like the proverbial sore thumb as you drive though the main drag of lakewood . i do n't find myself motivated to return , but i would n't turn down going if someone invited me either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want to pay a premium for poorly prepared bar food just because they have allot of nascar related crap hanging on the walls ... then go here . overpriced . slow but pleasant service . tacky overdone theme . better bar food at dozens of places in lakewood . no reason to go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place exceeded my expectations , which were pretty low . i figured it would be below average bar food . it was actually a bit above average , i 'd say . they have a separate vegetarian menu ( ask for it if you need it ) with healthier selections . it 's definitely not a favorite but i 'm okay with getting it sometimes to mix things up and not go to other places too much . it would also be a great place to watch any game because there are tons of tvs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i recently heard about the new quaker steak and lube that had opened in lakewood . both being avid wing lovers , we decided to take our out of town guest to enjoy what we so enjoy , quaker wings ! they were so happy and satisfied with both taste and service that they took some back to their home to enjoy later . my boyfriend and i were so happy to introduce someone new to the excellent service and taste of quaker wings . you all made our experience great ! we can not wait to come back and enjoy more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place , for both meat lovers , and vegetarians ! ! they have amazing food , from the appetizers , to desserts ! and vegetarians , do n't hesitate to ask for the black bean burger as a substitute for any of the meat burgers ! ! amazing place for nascar fans ! they have lots of race cars , corvettes , ect . hanging from the ceiling , and lots of other race merchandise too ! and great place for the kids ! they give the kids a free cardboard car they can assemble themselves ! i highly recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their gm john is terrible at handling mistakes , which happen a lot from the personal feedback i received after my bad experience . i will never go back . there are plenty of local businesses that treat their customers with more respect and hire better leaders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "that 's exactly what lakewood needs , another wings , burgers and beer joint ! oh well . i 'm happy that quaker steak is finally open . we had the boneless wings and tried the thai r cracker bbq sauce and the dry chipotle bbq rub too . both were good . service was fine and our server was friendly . the cars theme decor is a bit crazy . very family friendly since there were lots of kids too . i was hoping to sit outside but did n't realize they allowed smoking on the patio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was very slow and wings were not that great-expected waaay better !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wings were ok at best , my main qualm here is the service . the waitress only returned to the table once during the whole meal , and the restaurant was far from busy . i specifically requested a game be put on the tv . waitress seemed reluctant , and took 15 minutes to put the game on . a mere 5 minutes later another staff member changed it to something else . was going to order more food and hang around for the rest of the game but after this we decided to leave . bad service , average food , wo n't return for awhile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay , first off , i should be killed for my previous review . i 'm such a turdlicker . got some to go wings and a philly cheesesteak . wings were parm black pepper flavor . robust flavor , meaty , totally good job . sandwich was good , not a lot of cheese and came with great fries . i 'm something of a cheesesteak connoisseur at this point . i tend to get it everywhere . yes , i 've had one in the actual city of philly . no , it was not at those two rival places full of greaseballs they always show on travel programs . anyhow , what was with that first review , amiright ? so much for the vegetarian thing . i must have been high and or on my period . this place is great and i had no issues with my last visit . well , one . i dig the old timey gas pumps and license plates . but the giant aluminum ghetto rims ? why ? i do n't want to eat at ntb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger and fry 's were good . service was good and staff was friendly and helpful . they might have some of the worlds largest curly straws lol . overall good experience and lots to look at in the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to grab a beer and sit outside on a patio along detroit . most if the patios in lakewood are tucked behind the bar and not welcoming at all . bartender matt is all over it ! professional , outgoing and makes it a point to know everyone 's name at his bar . food is decent , typical bar food you can find anywhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love going here for some greasy food ! only reason i 'm giving four stars is because they do n't have coco cola products but anyways really cool decor and 3 star service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here couple weeks ago on a monday night . nobody greeted us at door and we sat at bar . employees were sitting at bar . i ordered a bucket of wings and my buddy ordered a soup . food took forever and the wings were terrible . they were n't even busy . wings were n't even a fresh order , they just re-dipped whatever they had left that day in the fryer . i do n't see this restaurant lasting . wont be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a special every single day . there is literally something going on all the time ! every weekday from 11a-2p they have all you can eat wing buffet . they also show all the major sporting events ( including ufc fights . ) everytime we go there is something new on the menu and the service is consistently good . fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the menus with pages that were were stuck together -- to the really blah and small hamburger , we wo n't go back . drinks were meek and expensive , french fries were coated and salty -- typical sysco food . with so many great places to eat in lakewood , do n't waste your time at this chain restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had high expectations for this place . the hostess was very nice , but beyond that things went downhill ... - the waitress seemed to be overly flustered and kept giving apologies excuses about being so busy ( sorry , i ca n't help ) - they did n't bring out what i ordered ( actually , they gave me more than what i ordered and i had to make sure i was n't going to be charged - they ended up letting me keep the extra wings - so mixed on this point , but it could have equally been a screw up for the worst ) - even though i ended up with some extra boneless wings they just were n't that good . overall , not impressed and there is little to nothing which would bring me back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you can get better wings and beer at a much better price on just about any block in lakewood west of bunts unless you like amusement park atmosphere with a nascar theme . walk on past this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "about every tuesday , me and a best friend of mine go up there for $ 9.99 all-you-can-eat wing night ( plus other foods at the buffet as well ) , and they have a great staff as well as great food ( including their wings - the mother of all wings ! ) . we will definitely be coming back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had great food with excellent service . the wings were cooked to perfection and the golden garlic sauce was awesome . to top it off our server ebby was the best . while taking care of many tables he have us great a service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here for wings and a drink from time to time . i always sit at the bar and the service is fine and dandy . the wings are n't bad , they can tell me if something is going to mess up my insides due to celiac , and they have cider and a full bar of things safe for me to drink . there 's nothing special to a quaker steak . each one is the same and you know what you 're going to get . but it 's a solid three-star wing meal with four-star service and a two star ugly chain restaurant decor . it 's good enough when a few of my buddies want to meet up for wings in that area or if there 's a rather large group looking for wings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to agree the some of the other reviews here , the food is mediocre and the service is awful slow . too pricey for the quality of the food everything is frozen , the cocktails are too watery , good selection of beers tho ! , and the size of wings are good too , the sauces not good at all . i ordered wings with some kind of thai sauce that were mmeeehh . the pork sliders were dry and cold . overall very sad experience here , i 'd never return here , better places in lakewood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall i am a fan of the people , place , and food though the service is a little slower than i typically care for . that being said it is always friendly , positive , and sometimes cute . that 's not really here nor there . i think the boneless wings in all the qsls are a little tough but the bone-ins are fantastic . that said last time i was at this location i took the triple atomic challenge ; boneless . i got seven boneless instead of six . my beer and wife 's drink were needed ! my server , jess , was magnificent and quite fun and funny . it 's hit or miss here but that day was certainly a hit ! it 's nice decor , on nice days the front opens up , and within walking distance to the library , my favorite place in lakewood . daily specials help , some , with the over-priced food . i 'll keep going !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "qsl was a last resort for us since neighboring restaurants were jam packed . we got what we expected as far as the food went . wings are pretty good in size , but the sauces were so-so . i ordered the sriracha and thai r crackers . not as spicy as advertised . atmosphere is quite loud , but what you 'd expect from a place with overwhelming decor . our server chewy was fantastic however . he made accommodations for our son which worked out really well . lots of big tvs which makes it a great place to watch a game . definitely want to try the giant lube tube beers though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a cold appetizer . was told they would remake it and bring it back out . our entrees came out 10 minutes later . i told them to nevermind the appetizer at this point since we already got the entrees . all we received was a simple `` i 'm sorry '' . we wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to this subway for lunch the other day and realized when i got to the register that i did n't have my debit card in my wallet ! i did n't have any cash on me and the cashier was so nice and understanding and let me take my sandwich and told me to come back and pay the next day . when i came back we had a good laugh about the whole situation . top notch customer service right there ! they are always friendly and accurate and keep the line moving during the lunch rush .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they need to move this location . it gets so busy and they are not the quickest . very nice but you blow your entire lunch waiting in line . be prepared to wait", "score": "3"}
{"review": "subway is usually my fast food go to , but this location has lead me to take a break from eating there . i ordered the exact same thing i always get and it just tasted funky . the meat almost tasted smoky . maybe that was intentional , but it was not good . there was a pretty decent lunch crowd , but it moved quick . honestly though , the service here is what put me off most . while i was waiting in line , there was a gentleman getting up from dining in and one of the workers started screaming at him telling him to `` get a napkin and go clean up your crumbs off the table . '' it was very uncomfortable and she continued to make a scene about it even after he left . i will be avoiding this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all subways are the same , right ? incorrect . factors like customer service , cleanliness , and freshness make all the difference with this subway ! lastly , let 's not forget spinach . i will not eat at a subway if i 'm stuck with iceberg lettuce !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a subway . crap food at a great price ! though do not try to go here during lunch . the line is usually just way too long . though atleast the employees always seem to have a smile on their face .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come to this store when i 'm looking for something moderately healthy for lunch ... lol i mean , if you do n't count the sodium of prepared meats , but whatever ... you know what i 'm saying ... the prep area is always clean , the staff remembers me even if it 's been a while since i 've been in and as i posted in my yorkmont bp review , you can forgo the expensive chips and drink to make it a combo and go right into the gas station next door ... that might be my favorite part ... lol my order is always correct and they do n't douse the sandwich with too much oil and vinegar , either ... great job with condiment application ... i like this store , but i only head to this location sometimes since it 's not always on the way to anywhere i 'm headed , if i 'm out and about ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kind of a weird location . they had all this room and very little food . the prices were very high for what you got , and my mediterranean wrap was mediocre . but what can i say , it was better than mcdonalds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they had four soup selections , one of which was gluten free , and delicious , yay ! my friend ordered a sandwich , they did n't listen to any of her specifics ( no tomato , type of bread , etc . ) , but it still tasted good . prices were average to any other au bon pain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "too pricey and impersonal , i can never figure out how to order and the staff is not that helpful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "egg on a bagel was downright scary . i think when people get `` meat '' and cheese with these types of sandwiches , it masks the total grossness that is the weird fast food egg . blechhh ! but it beat other options in a rest stop plaza that included mcdonald 's and sbarro , so , i 'll take it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had an appointment scheduled weeks ahead . when the day finally arrived , i drove to my appointment to find a sign on the door that stated the office was closed . no one had called to cancel my appointment , so i left work early and drove there for nothing . i left a voice message asking if someone could please contact me back to reschedule my appointment , as well informing the office that i had shown up to my appointment . no one ever called me back to reschedule , or to apologize for wasting my time and leaving me without services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this guy is the best ! weston chiropractic office and staff have provided me with support and pain relief for several years . prices are perfect and results are always spot on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dont come here . he scams insurance companies to get most out of them and then turns around as scams you as you will not receive the care you 're insurance is paying for ( he pockets the money ) . not only that , i went in for lower back pain , he did not know were to start beacuse there was no x-ray so he just start cracking forcibly now my whole back in major pain all over 24 hours a day . i went to doctor they said i have scar tissue over the area were this roach hit me . dont come here , get a new chiropractor . let him crawl under the rock which he came from", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is great and cheap . cheaper than panda . you ca n't go wrong with the rice bowls , they 're around $ 5 . i always pick up so i dont know about deliveries . i recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered chicken chow fun for lunch today . flavor was good but a little lacking as well as a bit on the greasy side . came out to about $ 8 and the serving size could probably feed two .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pork egg foo young was fantastic and the service is quick and friendly a must try again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wishing i got the food other people on here reviewed but unfortunately i do n't know what we got . hardly any cream inside the crab puffs that at first i thought they sent them just fried . but my son loved them . the orange chicken was n't tasteful and the chicken was hard and over cooked and therefor dry . they got two stars for not messing up rice and for quick delivery . i ordered through yelp , i did think that was neat . i 'm still questioning if it 's really `` chicken '' teriyaki that i 'm looking at .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very friendly service each time . i 'll admit that this is n't my favorite chinese spot but because they are so warm & hospitable , i 'm good with coming back . the lunch specials are cheap , $ 5.50- $ 6.50 . i 've never eaten here for dinner so i can not say much on that . the lemon and orange chickens are really good without overly heavy sweet sauce . rice is always perfect . the one time i ordered lo mein , i thought it was too salty . that being said , i think just about all fast food is too salty . they do n't have fountain drinks ; instead they offer canned and bottled sodas and teas . if you dine in , they give you a real metal fork to use . wonderful ! ( given my silly phobia of cheap plastic bendable cutlery ) ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is excellent and always delivered exactly as ordered and i customize everything . sometimes delivery takes a while but as a frequent customer i know when that happens it is because they are busy . hard to criticize a place because they are busy . to me that is a good sign when a restaurant is busy . also regardless of time of delivery food always hot and fresh . i normally have delivery but when have stopped in for carry out sandy has given me a ride home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of nancy 's state farm for five years now , and i could n't be more pleased . they are immediately responsive to my requests and questions . i get reminders and phone calls when something needs to be handled . i feel like i 'm in good hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical scummy insurance agents ! ! ! ! ! ! ! lied about policy and only want to sell the product just so they can get commission . wanted to cancel policy and was told i would pay penalty . duhhhhh ... you pay premium and you get insurance policy . you do n't pay premium and they cut it off right away ! ! ! i never heard of , if you do n't finish out the term of the policy , you have to pay a penalty and fees ! ! ! do not use nancy kim and jeff ! ! ! horrible individuals selling insurance ! ! ! commission whores ! ! ! do not trust what they say ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the services here at state farm are phenomenal . the staff are all very friendly and getting set up with car and life insurance was super fast and easy . i highly recommend this company to anyone needing car or life insurance . they also offer a `` good student '' discount which is very beneficial for college students like me . in addition , my family and i saved money switching to state farm from another insurance company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a customer of nancy kim state farm for many years . once i realized i was n't happy with my old insurance company i called nancy right away remembering she had an insurance agency . after the call , i rushed right down and signed on with them immediately . i did n't sign up for the mere purpose that i knew her , i signed up because the prices for everything i needed were less than i was paying with allstate and the service was nothing but the best . from that point , my entire family switched from their providers , along with people in my office . i would recommend nancy kim state farm to anyone ! keep up the amazing work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nancy has been my agent for the past 10+ years . i would n't go anywhere else . i 'm one of those people that needs insurance . i should n't be allowed to walk on a sidewalk uninsured . i 've always felt that nancy and state farm have my back and will always look out for my best interests . i 'll be a state farmer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried to change my ro filters and broke coupke of fittings . jason came on time and was able yo take care of the problem real fast . he even helped me tomfasten the laundry faucet . imappreciate your help . very polite and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason offer excellent products and customer service . we love our water filter", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason arrived as scheduled , completed our r o service in about 1 2 hour and was very meticulous about his work . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason was a real pro , knowing all about the water systems , we had a r.o . installed in the kitchen , and will be going back again to jason for a water softener .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both my daughters have had him install their water systems in their houses . they both love them . in fact the water system has help my grandson with his psoriasis . i 'm in the process of getting my system installed and jason has been patient and knowledgeable with all my question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mani pedi i 've ever gotten anywhere ! i bought their groupon for a mani pedi to try them and have tried a few other salons in the area for nails and nothing compares . the staff was super nice and the salon is nice . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to salon de la mer with my mom and sister for a girls ' day . we all got manis and pedis . it was relaxing and my nails look great . the prices are n't too bad either- you can get a classic mani pedi for about $ 50 ( before tax and tip ) . this will likely be my new nail place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a gel manicure and pedicure here . i ca n't believe how well the manicure is holding for me , typically they start to chip just hours after i get them ! ! the salon itself is modern and the staff is very nice . if you are rough in your hands like i am i highly recommend the gel ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good bye my dear friend . life will be less without your pleasant staff , discounted cook books , magazine selections , and your welcoming in-and-outdoor seating . i dread books-a-million filling your shelves with family appropriate stock and all the bibles and inspirational propaganda . you are the true one in a million .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this borders is a great spot to grab a table and get some work done . free wifi , tasty snacks and drinks ( including a peach smoothie which was extremely yummy ) make it easy for you to spend hours here without even realizing it . the facility was clean ( including the restrooms - i checked the girls ' and my hubby checked the guys ' ) , and the staff was friendly ! on top of that with this borders being in the heart of crocker park , there are tons of restaurants , stores , etc . just footsteps away from you . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair prices and very thorough service . they are not in the business to rip people off or sell them junk parts , unlike many garages . i have had very good luck with bringing my vehicles here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a flat tire after running something over in the road and called parks automotive for help . they were extremely friendly and helpful . i was a few miles away and they sent someone over immediately . they fixed my flat tire right away and were extremely informative as to if my tire would be fixable . thank you for your help and getting me out the door within a hour . that was speedy service and i appreciate it as i was just leaving work and had a hour to spare before my second job and made it in time ! i will diffently recommend this place to others and will be using them in the future . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "broke down 4 hours from home.parks quickly towed us , on a sunday , fixed our yukon first thing monday , and got us back on the road . very reasonable cost ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i broke down 1 2 way from mn to mi , fortunately parks ' automotive was the next exit . they were very open to an alternative way to repair the issue instead of following the dealers outrageous recommended repair . i left my touareg there and continued on my way with a rental car . even though they were on reduced hours due to the x-mas holiday , the repair was completed for a very reasonable price in time to pick my vehicle up on the return home . i highly recommend parks ' automotive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair and reasonable rates with exceptional service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taken all three of our vehicles there and they always do a great job . they are very professional and their labor rate is reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shisha lounge . my kinda spot . on fri & sat nights , there 's a club like event open for the public . the crowd is very chic . the appetizers are very pricey . the place venue itself is gorgeous . very small but decorated quite well . dimly lit and booths all alongside the wall to seat groups easily . the staff are a bit annoying . the shisha is of poor quality and they charge per head . ( which is just ridiculous ) . i would come here for drinks . it gets packed very quickly since it 's right on college . excellent place for a date . you can definitely impress a girl here . ha ! xoxo m .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "1 ) expensive drinks 2 ) limited beer selection ( very limited ) 3 ) expensive hookah ( and only tobacco free , i felt like i had to collapse my lungs to get any smoke from it ) move on and try elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is the shisha that bumps this place up to 4 stars . without it , paaeez would be a typical college lounge - with expensive drinks and mediocre service . but the shisha makes it a unique venue . it 's a fun group activity and worth the $ 20 - it lasts a long time and it 's certainly something different do n't get food here - unless you know something i do n't . we ordered the baked artichoke dip with vegetable crisps and got ruffles with canned chip dip . i did find the drinks expensive ( $ 14 for a double ) , but i really enjoy their unique , moroccan-inspired drinks . and the back seems like a great spot for a birthday party . overall , a nice spot ! just try to sit at the back during the winter . man alive it 's cold at the front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out of all the sheesha bars in toronto , paeez is sort of the middle of the spectrum on my scale . with all the sheesha bars now being tabacco free , the quality of your hookah experience is obviously limited but this does not impact my review . all in all , the place is trying to be fancy . it depends on what you 're into . if you want a card playing session with the boys , go aladdin 's or some of the cheaper sheesha bars on dundas east . if you want fancy and upscale , maybe you 're with a couple of girls , go to paeez . that being said , paeez is pretty pricey and it pisses me of that they charge you for extra coal . that 's ridiculous and just shows what a money grab this place is . the drinks are also quite expensive , but the ability to drink and smoke is still good . the place is pretty narrow and suffers from poor ventilation . i would n't choose paeez for a sheesha night . i would definately go to awtash a few blocks east instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "atmosphere : i enjoyed this lounge . a lot . if you 're looking for a modern bar lounge , this is it ! the venue is divided into three rooms . first room : bar and lounging area , second room : lounging area , third room : bar , dj booth and dance floor . almost always the crowd is mid to late 20s . music : i 've been to paaeez numerous times . i 've never heard the dj spin anything but house music . love it ! no mainstream music , its mostly tribal , electro , and deep house music . service : service is slow ! and the shisha hookah is n't very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "music is good , but 1 ) expensive drinks 2 ) expensive hookah tries to be upscale , but nothing 's upscale about this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paaeez does n't have too much going for it . i 've been there 4 times for different events and each time has been more or less mediocre . the shisha hookah is expensive compared to other hookah lounges out there . the drinks are also pricey , but not incredibly unreasonable . service was good and the atmosphere was relaxing but they are both overshadowed by the prices . i would visit cafe awtash before paaeez .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pro tip : if you need to go to a bank branch to see a manager or banker ( as opposed to a teller ) , go early . i got here at 10:30 and still had to wait a good hour until it was my turn to be seen . when i left , all the seats were taken and there were a few folks standing and waiting . the banker i dealt with was helpful even if he needed a store manager to perform the transaction i needed . unfortunately , there was no store manager working today .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a few times i have to go inside the bank , new temporary debit cards due to lost ones and or adding names to my acct . i swear as much as there 's many people working there . there 's alway a waiting of 10mins or more . you sit in the waiting area and would look aimlessly hoping someone will greet you . but no one til you 're called on you . but when you 're in their cubicle , things goes smoothly . every single time the staffs are very friendly and i love it . they are prompt once you sit down in front of them . but the initial greeting just is n't there . making a really bad first impression . so i tried to dodge going in as much as i can . doing most of my business with the drive thru atm machine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tuesday late afternoon and busy ! looked like enough tellers behind the counter ( wandering around ) but the line was moving slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my idea of willy wonka for cheese lovers . the staff are very knowledgeable and are not shy to give a sample . ( i do try not to have more than a couple or it looks like i 'm there for lunch.. lol ; ) ) they have a few other things on offer . for me , nothing that really drew me . but let 's be clear this is an artisan cheese shop where their array is staggering . i could spend hours just chatting about where the different cheeses come from and descriptions . if you 're a cheese lover , and you go spending half your pay cheque , do n't say i did n't warn you ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say but wow ! this place is amazing . the staff were very knowledgable and friendly . the offered samples and guided me to find what i was looking for . they have a huge assortment of cheeses from around the world , as well as different kinds of stuffed olives among other delicious foods and sweets . if you 're a cheese lover , hurry up and get yourself down to visit this hidden little gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! i went there to buy cheese for my party . the staff were helpful and very knowledgeable about cheese . i love that you can try the cheese before you buy it . there is a wide selection of cheeses , olives and crackers . i got everything i needed for my party at a great price . thanks global cheese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic in all regards for a budget priced motelspotlessly clean , comfortable bed , powerful shower , helpful desk staff , nice toiletries , and windows that actually opened ! the breakfast is less than great as they really only had high carb items ( donuts , waffles , bagels , cereal ) and two fresh fruit choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience i have ever had with hotel staff . we were charged for a room we never stepped for into , nor received a key for . the staff was rude or incompetent during every interaction we had with them . i would rather pay twice as much to stay in a worse hotel , than ever step foot in that place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ping on opens late , and i mean late . it also delivers to morningside so i am instantly a fan ! we had a large order including crispy duck , squid , chinese greens , soups rice and the whole shebang . i cant comment on the restaurant having only had a takeout but that was tasty and fresh , and not gloopy and msg-ified in that nasty cheap take out way . try it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is decent , solid chinese food . nothing fancy , nothing to get too excited about , but a place we would n't mind eating at again . the food was tasty enough . the decor and drinks selection at the restaurant are nothing special , so i think we 're more likely to get this as take-out next time around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "'emily , you have to go to ping on , it 's like , amazing , yah yah yah ' were the words i heard walking a rather tiddly and posh friend back home to stockbridge the other night . i had heard about it , as it is open very late and feeds the drunk 2am market . what 's not to like ? well , i made the mistake of eating here sober . do n't get me wrong - it was edible , but only just . i had crispy beef and my friend had sweet and sour chicken , but they both tasted exactly the same . the rice was really cold too , which i 'm always wary of following a less-than-pleasant experience in tenerife with bad rice . the shop itself is quite cool in it 's own way ... maybe unintentionally so but cool nevertheless . i think that going here after a night out is the best way to experience pingon , inebriating the senses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have used this restaurant on and off for about 20 years and have always enjoyed my visits ( except once last year when it was a heatwave and they had n't switched on the a c ) . the menu is quite extensive and exotic in places . the staff are always pleasant without being pushy and are friendly to children ( of course our one is always on her best behavior because she loves the spicy chicken wings and chinese tea ) . we come over from fife and find the prices are a little on the high side , though i think the prices are typical for edinburgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think it 's the late opening hours which makes ping on such a stockbridge institution . also perhaps because we 're all into retro , kitsch things and it 's certainly that - cute net curtains and worn tables make it a perfect place to spend a drinking break . however , being cosy and reliable is one thing - being chewy and bland is another . even though it 's a great place to eat n ' chat it 's not particularly great in the food department . everything 's a bit of a strain on the jaw and really is n't the most tasty . the staff were friendly and confident and the price seemed to be lower than a take away . i will be back here but definitely not for the grub .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pingon 's only saving grace is that it 's open till the wee hours of the morning . it was my saving grace last winter when it was minus 15 . the staff have no problem with you nursing a cup of tea for 2 hours . on the food side of things , not good . this place is practically a take away with a seating area and table service . my the veg in my chow mein tasted a little old and the noodles were a little rubbery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not been here in a while but everytime i have been i have always had good service and a great meal . i have used both the restaurant and take away and never had any complaints yet . there is a great selection of meals and drinks and if you 're having problems deciding what to have the staff are more than willing to help out . if you 're in the area pop in you wont be disappionted", "score": "5"}
{"review": "celebrated a special birthday here & the food was fantastic . the staff were very friendly & helpful . even joined us to sing happy birthday . we also got a drink on the house ! excellent ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant , good service , and reasonably priced . enjoyed the shrimp chow mein ( soft noodles ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to the ping on for a recent works night our and was very impressed . i 've been passing the restaurant for years and was always saying that i wanted to try the place . well it was certainly worth the wait , we ordered a meal for eight people and every dish was superb . i also for the service to be excellent . i 'm sure it wo n't be long until my next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant 's take away service was recommended to me by a friend , i was so disappointed when the meal we had was awful ! the chicken tasted like it was off and the sauce on my partner 's dish was like jelly ! would n't go back , would n't recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff were very nice and attentive and had put a few tables together for us . the wine list was huge which is nice . i ordered chilli honey spare ribs which were lovely . a bit filling for a starter but they were really nice . i was quite disappointed when i came here with my work . everyone at work was saying how nice it was and that they went there a lot so i was really looking forward to it because i love chinese food . then for my main i ordered kung po chicken which i have had a few times in other chinese restaurants . it was horrible , the sauce seemed very oily and the chicken did n't have a very good texture . it totally put me off going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been to many places over the years including dealerships and most will try to up sale stuff you do n't need . last year i tried out jack 's , there was no up sales , no bs , and my car was back on the road in less than 24 hours ( tranny ) . great place , the only place i will take my car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . i was recommended jack 's through 3 co-workers who had various repairs done there and when the compressor went out on my car i called them to pick it up ... 24 hours later i picked up my car and was super please with the bill ... that has never happened before . i will be back and i am recommending them to anyone looking for good honest mechanics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought infinity in due to irregular idle and service engine light on . ecm ecu main computer was haywire . had the replacement part shipped to the shop and installed and programmed the next day ! fast and detail oriented service at a competitive rate . i am very satisfied with the service at jacks automotive services and would recommend this shop to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great guys - very honest . they are busy for a reason , because they are fair ! i was in the business for 15 years and they treat me they way i treated my customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair pricing and no upselling . these guys are good -- but be warned , it 's as busy as an angry beehive on monday mornings !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been a customer for over 10 years with multiple vehicles . i have referred everyone i know to jacks and each one was more than pleased . val , his family and staff do quality work at very fair prices . they are people of quality you can trust to get the job done right the first time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "7 years and 30+ visits with several different vehicles and only one mistake that was corrected immediately . these guys are always fair , have the best work ethic and never have a problem explaining everything in detail . i now live 35 miles away , but still drive back there to get any work done . fyi ; they can tow you in if you need it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been going to see val for years . we always get the best service at a fair rate . i would definitely recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called for a quote on my truck to have brakes done . val was very professional and straight up . i was charged exactly as quoted and could n't be happier . definitely think about going here if you need some work done . the shop is busy which is usually a sign of fair prices and good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you kraig and jacks automotive for taking such great care of my 2013 subaru . they really put the time and effort to making sure your car get the excellent care it needs . subaru are tricky cars so they put extra care into it ! ! recommend them to anyone . this is a mechanic shop that wont screw you over . keep up the great service ! : ) # onehappycustomer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most auto repair shops are worthless liars who only want to deceive you . well , jack 's is different . i took my camry to the toyota dealership on bell and 19th ave and they quoted me this outrageous price telling me this and that need repaired or replaced . my wife told me about jack 's . she said she took her car there 6 years ago ( before we met ) and they gave her honest service and cost . so , i took my car there and was baffled when i brought toyota 's review sheet on my car . they said total bs on 90 % of it . i love honesty and integrity . its why i took my wife 's nissan 's door handle there to be replaced . i trust them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tony was very respectful . his presentation was on point . the product he was selling is top of the line . the extras were worth it . the installers came today and they were professional and courteous . i recommend aqua safe usa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we met with tony f. and he was the best ! we just bought a home and knew we did n't like the water and were looking for ro systems . by far aqua safe is the best one out there . great customer service and great product . i could definitely tell that tony actually cared about what he did and it was n't just work for him . great company and i 'd recommend anyone to hear them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been thinking about water softeners since buying my new home so when a representative from aqua safe called i was open to checking into them further . prior to my appointment i researched the company and checked the bbb website where they have an a+ rating . bill came to my house and was very helpful and informative on the different options available . i did end up buying an aqua safe system . the process was smooth and the system was installed within days of my decision . i know there are a variety of systems and prices out there . some , some more expensive . i am very pleased with my purchase and feel it is a great value . clean water and safeguarding the plumbing in my home is very important to me . i would definitely recommend aqua safe usa if you are in the market for a water treatment system .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the softener and ro system for a couple months now . very happy with the system as a whole . install was quick and painless . tony called to check in on us after the install to make sure we were happy and we are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this walmart has it all . groceries , garden , ammunition , nail salon , pharmacy , etc . it 's huge and a great one stop shop . great prices of course ! plenty of parking and plenty of cashiers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "attention yelp family ! 10.21.16 i am posting an amazing price savings price match from amazon to use at any wal-mart ! as long as this exact 138oz . tide is in stock , you get it for only $ 3.80 ! take a screenshot of the picture i post of the amazon tide , head to wal-mart and show them . my girlfriend in iowa found this price savings so thank you tarrita ! when i arrrived at wal-mart the first thing i did was spoke to the manager missy . she said as long as it 's not on amazon prime they accept it . i am not sure how long they will price match , except that it is for this month for sure . we bought four so pretty much stocked up for awhile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally i avoid walmart like the plague , but i needed a micro sd card , a usb drive and bubble bath ... . i originally went to radio shack , but i wasnt sure if the prices were compatible . i did n't want to drive up eastern only tohzve target be more expensive . usually i 'm willing to pay a little more for the convenience of target , but today i wanted cheaper . i went straight back to electronics and a girl helped me right away but she did n't have a key to unlock the micro cards . she sent over john and he was great . so helpful and informative ! i asked him about usb cards to move photos from my phone . he showed me this great product by san disk that has micro and mini usb ports . awesome and easy . i ca n't wait to use it . john is a great employee and should be recognized for his excellent personality . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i shop at walmart frequently . i love the low prices . i love that you can get everything here ; from groceries , to kitchen ware , to cleaning products , to toys , it 's all here . they are open late , so it 's convenient for those who work at night . but it all comes with a price to pay . let me explain : 1 . long lines . meaning only 5 registers open despite having 20 something lanes . 2 . cashiers are slow and some of the employees have no clue wtf is going on . 3 . rude customers . inconsiderate shoppers who only care about themselves . 4 . the parking lot is door ding nation . 5 . doing any type of return or exchange is a nightmare . it 's walmart . you know what to expect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my go to walmart seeing that it 's basically walking distance to my home . as promised , they have many sales all around the store marked by the red sticker to catch your attention . just a buyers tip , also check their online price ! twice i bought something that was advertised online as cheaper and they had to price match it . there are some limitations though . you 'd have to search it up if you 're really curious . www.help.walmart.com i 've also bought a product online and had it sent to this store . they text you that it 's ready for pick up with a confirmation number . the only problem i 've encountered is that nobody is assigned to their pickup table ( at least i do n't think ) so you 'd have to hunt someone down to help you and when you do , you 'll be lucky if they know how to work that register otherwise they have to call another person and the waiting begins . prices are reasonable . they also honor manufacturers coupons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't shop here unless you like being racially profiled and treated like a criminal . security stands next to the bagging area ( garden exit ) . watches the cashier ring up & bag your items then has the nerve to ask to see the receipt . nope not going to see mine ! ! i 'm still in the store ( not stealing ) you 're watching the cashier ring up my items . call metro if you want to check my stuff after i walk out the doors . they do not check every person , i 've watched them check one & let the next one walk right on by . will not be giving my $ $ to this store anymore . target is my new go to ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's really f up how the new security guards that supposed to check you out on your way out to make sure you do n't have extra stuff on your car that you did n't pay.makes sense i know for a fact that walmart has been losing a lot of money due to theft even a good percentage of that is internal problems but what 's really amazing how the profiling people . regular white people with full baskets bye have a nice day . but if you are a minority with only few items on your card there check check . even the way in which people walks into the store well i guess it 's true lawyers they do n't usually shop at walmart until then you 're going to keep doing that s to everybody they think fit any profile btw i 'm very familiar with that standards to check people out and check the receipt sam 's club and costco doing all the time all the time to everybody with five items in the car or 500 things on the flatbed cars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walmart aka wally world ... always so busy with long lines for checkout and the cash checking area ... every time i go in there i always find something to buy ... then i end up torturing myself by waiting behind people with loads of things in their carts trying to find the shortest line but you ca n't bypass anything ! even at the self checkout area ... and what 's up with the people behind you in line invading your personal space and bumping you with their carts ? ! ! walmart will always be walmart ! there 's always the good , the bad and the ugly stuff that happens in there ! i must say there are quite a few characters i 've seen in all walmart 's ! you ca n't help but laugh at things ! i guess i go there for amusement and the rollback prices ... two stars for that ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this walmart has it all . it 's just like the ones back in hawaii but with groceries ! ! ! this is my one stop shop when i 'm in vegas . i can get my water and other snacks while i 'm here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no stars . second time walmart has serviced my vehicle and left it unlocked when they finished the work . this time they left the driver door window down too at 7:30 pm , outside the back bay , in a dark parking lot . the person that wrote up my order earlier , told me it is their policy to always lock the vehicles they work on . they put on a new wiper blade on my vehicle , that did not need to be replaced too . i told the service manager what had happened . he did n't have a word to say . i will think twice before going there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay please tell me why it took literally 20 minutes to go through three people ahead of me in the deli department ? i 'm not one to leave bad reviews but walmart- get it together . they are so focused on cutting costs that they do n't even have enough he employees to staff the deli . also , most of the express u scan lanes were closed ? why ? they should have more open- saves them money in labor . stick to target .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so , in general , i hate walmart . not all walmarts , just the really awful las vegas type walmart . this is where they get `` the people of walmart '' from , of this i 'm certain . however , let me be very clear in stating that this particular walmart falls at the very bottom of an already extremely deep barrel of pathetic walmarts . where shall i start ? the complete lack of stocked merchandise ? no , that 's typical at every walmart . the unsavory and rather disgusting staff ? a group of which was out front smoking pot on their break . how about we just go straight to the fact that finding anything in this walmart is like an adult version of where 's waldo and not even close to as fun . what in the actual heck is going on with this layout ! ? it 's like they threw everything on the floor randomly and yelled `` soooo weeee ! here pig pig pig ! come and get it ! '' yeah , that 's the one i 'm going with .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walmart is a great place to find anything you need for groceries ( i.e , meat , vegetables , ice cream , and milk ) and necessities such as , toothpaste , shampoo , conditioner , and etc . the only thing i dislike about this place is that everything runs out fast . if you like something you have to get it because it may be gone if you do n't get it right away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "god i hate walmart , and this one is no exception . it 's always over crowded with rude customers and employees , the carts are n't always stocked , there 's never any help around when you have questions , the bathrooms are disgusting , the nail salon smells toxic as you walk by it and the alleged `` price matching '' is run like one big joke . it does n't help matters trying to find a decent place to park and not get your car dinged by uncaring people , only to make the long trek to walk into what looks like a prison . the color scheme is gloomy and so are the employees . wal-mart is a horrible place that i try real hard to avoid unless i absolutely have to go . thanks for monopolizing the market ! bleah .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "compared to the location on eastern closer to sunset , this walmart has more registers open and tends to be less of a crowd here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was thanksgiving day ! and i know i was thankful they were open !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "besides just not liking walmart . i placed a pick up order , i got charged for it and never received notification it was ready however did receive an email that it was picked up . funny as i did not . no manager could help . costumer service does not exist in this store", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would give less than one star if i could . did n't catch the extremely rude techs name but while trying to get them to honor the warranty on a product that they sold he told me people steal these all the time and walked off without trying to help at all . not my fault i have lived in a few states and unfortunately had service done at a few different walmarts . eventually the prime specimen of indifference honored the warranty he should have from the start . needless to say low quality parts and people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! ca n't believe people write reviews about walmart you all must be bored , people will always shop at wal mart . leave your reviews for small businesses that need it , you dumb a $ $ es !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service all around . been put on hold multiple times for a simple question . they do n't care about their customers one bit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not come here for an oil change . no stars recommended . the employees pick random cars to work on , not the order they came in !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service has one working all the time . wait time is ridiculous . it 's a zoo like always .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "employees here have very poor customer service skills . got into a speedy checkout line , not knowing that she was with her last customer and had turned the lane light off . instead of politely telling me that she was closed , she just stared at me with a stupid look on her face for a good ten seconds while i said , `` oh i 'm sorry , are you closed ? '' then she rudely asked me how many items i had and i told her one and proceeded to check me out . did n't greet or say bye to me politely . this lady was a pos", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i expected the on-line pickup process to be a nightmare , it was more akin to a typical dysfunctional walmart experience . i get that no one likes working at walmart ( for the most part ) , but a few simple signs could make a huge difference in the experience . but that would be too hard ! i was able to retrieve my online order for a giant kitchen set to donate to toys for tots in less than 10 minutes , without wanting to tear my eyeballs out , so i 'll credit that as walmart- 0 , melissa- 1 . you did n't get me this time , big 'ol box ! ha !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "avoid if possible . they are the slowest and the busiest wal-mart in the world . i wonder if they realize those two things should not go together . sam walton is probably turning over in his casket .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst walmart ever . when you request cashback at the self check out stand it 's hard to find and takes forever to come out . forgot i had cash back walked out and somebody stole it . they would do nothing about it . they checked video surveillance and someone else took it yet they would do nothing about . a multi billion dollar company and you ca n't help . `` oh sorry someone else took it we ca n't do anything '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hey.. at least its always here when you need them ... i use the tire and auto for my oil changes and the waiting time flys right by if if you go next door to sams club for a hot dog and a soda .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ketina the cashier that was working the checkout counter by the garden center was amazing . her customer service was outstanding . the christmas items were 75 % off but were only coming up aylt 50 % and she had to manually correct every item as she scanned them . even though it was very tedious work she still kept her positive attitude and was great about it . i hope this reaching her manager and she gets the recognition she deserves", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only buy fabric from this walmart . they have a wonderful solectionary but tereesa who works in fabrics is the best . not only is she fast and helpful she always asks how my family is by name ! you have a gem here walmart . i hope she will know how much we appreciate her as costomers . no she never asked me to do this ... she would never ask for praise . she just works hard and works her position well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's just like every other walmart . reasonably clean ( most of the time , if you do n't go in the bathrooms ) , fairly busy ( especially in the grocery section ) . friendly staff is a hit or miss . i was just there today and bought some fabric and the lady at the fabric counter was n't overly friendly- in fact , she seemed a bit put off that i asked her to cut some fabric for me . but then i got up to the register and the cashier was very friendly and helpful . i was wearing my sleeping baby in a carrier on my front which gives me limited mobility when it comes to bending over- like when grabbing bags off the bagging carousel . the cashier kindly offered to put my bags in for me . it used to be part of the job ( loading the bags , that is ) , but it does n't seem like it happens very often anymore , so it was nice for the help .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i admit i rarely shop walmart because of wait time . today was my lucky day and then some . as i was waiting in line , a nice lady ... # 113 ( no name on the receipt , and i did n't notice her name tag ) was kind enough to wave me over and open another check stand for me . she welcome me with a nice smile and greeting . she was genuinely happy at her job and obviously cares . she bagged my groceries quickly and with perfection . she thanked me twice , and invited me to come back again . i have forgotten what it 's like to receive 5 star customer service like this . i could not ask for a better shopping experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the worst customer service on the planet ! ! ! ! i cant believe how terrible my experience is ! ! ! what do you expect right ! ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered some tires online at walmart and set them for pick up at this location . i was helped by randy and he is the nicest man i 've ever met he helped me get everything set up with free installation ! i 'm so pleased with treatment i received i 'll be going there for all my car needs now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never wait to long to get checked out even on a busy day . at least it does not drink like the walmart on boulder highway by sams town lol . i do n't know i love walmart & will always go to one ! ! ! i heart the mart haha ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this walmart ! they have a huge selection of everything you need and the staff is very personable ! ! ! shout out to adelina ( think that 's how you spell it ) for having the best customer service ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited for a meat employee because i could n't find what i wanted . would u believe 20 minutes ? ? i asked employees that walked into the meat freezer for someone to help me . took 20 mins and did n't have it . by the way asked 5 employees . wish i managed the meat department they would be happy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is like a lost mazed , even the employees do n't know where they put their stuff . target is much better place to shop", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love stopping at this supercenter . we do n't have one in hawaii . i believe the diff between a regular wal-mart and a supercenter is that the supercenter has a full grocery store within ... me and my friends stop at the location to purchase our supplies for our vegas stay -- beer , goose , snacks , food , and ice bins ... great one stop location for vegas partyers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is for the online pick up . the online pick up here is terrible . there are no associates to be found in the pick up area . when someone finally comes they do n't work in this department , so they page someone to come and the wait time is so freaking long that i left . get it together walmart !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is specifically for the pharmacy here at this walmart super center . i visited over 4th of july weekend , the optometrist i visited with , was in this same walmart , so figured to get my prescription filled at this walmart . quick , efficient , and they took the coupon that the goodrx app had so i got a great discount on the medication i needed for my eyes . was out of there within 20 minutes . just sucks it 's a 20 minute drive from the strip ( i was visiting vegas and staying on the strip , had to lyft here from the strip . ) otherwise , good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this location for my first grocery store shopping experience here in henderson . the layout of the store was easy to navigate and i was able to find all of my favorite products without having to ask for assistance . the only thing i was not able to purchase at this location were american spirit cigarettes and was pretty disappointed by this , hence the three star rating . other than that the store seemed well maintained and i was checked out quickly by a fast and friendly cashier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ah , there 's nothing quite like scent of fresh sporting gear . and jess brown 's is no slouch in that department . it 's like a local , small rei ! coats , fishing gear , kayaks , hiking goods , backpacks , maps , kayaks , sandals , sleeping bags ... the list goes on and on . you 'll find quality brand names too like north face , patagonia and columbia . while i like the outdoors , i 'm no enthusiast , so i would rely on the informative and helpful service of the folks who work here ! be sure to check out the sale merchandise , too . most of it is towards the rear of the store , but i also saw a small rack of children 's north face fleece jackets for 50 % off . nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little shop with a nice variety of clothing , shoes , camping gear , etc . whether you are into fly fishing or snowboarding , they can help outfit you for the geat outdoors ! of course , this shop is n't as large as their main store across from southpark , but if you need something that they do n't have in stock here , they 're happy to get it for you . i like rei , but it is nice to support the `` little guy '' when you can ... so you should check these guys out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very helpful and friendly staff ! cool store ! got a belt ! cool that they put adventure in the name of the business ! hike , climb , fly fish , travel and more ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always loved this small chain . jesse browns is a staple to the charlotte area , and they were in the area a long time before rei was . however the selection can be a little bit lacking . but they have their advantages . the major advantage is their map selection ... sure they have the national geographic maps like rei has , but they also have harder to find maps of the carolinas that can typically help you more with your back country camping than the nat-geo maps do . another advantage they have is that they carry fly fishing supplies . not the cheap stuff either , this is good quality rods , reels , and flies . definitely a place for anyone who loves to fly fish to check out . finally they always seem to have a sale going on at any given time , and typically they have a few items you do n't see anywhere else , which makes it a little bit more special . this truly is a great store and a must visit for the outdoor enthusiast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is very nice . decor on point . i had high expectations for their drinks being a tea lover . i was a bit disappointed . i tried 4 of their specialty drinks alas none of them were memorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tout a \u00e9t\u00e9 dit ou presque sur cet endroit \u00e0 l'ambiance feutr\u00e9e et agr\u00e9able . comme un petit ( et bon ) concert en hommage \u00e0 ray charles \u00e9tait organis\u00e9 , on ne pouvait pas manquer cela ! nous avions r\u00e9serv\u00e9 une table pour l'occasion et la soir\u00e9e \u00e9tait \u00e0 la hauteur de nos attentes ! bonne ambiance , cocktails sont corrects et restaurations bonnes et bien pr\u00e9sent\u00e9es . service agr\u00e9able \u00e9galement et en plus une fille de notre gang a re\u00e7u un gin tonic gratuit comme le serveur s'\u00e9tait tromp\u00e9 de gin ... et en a donc renvoy\u00e9 un autre spontan\u00e9ment ! ( julie de son pr\u00e9nom n'y ayant pas remarqu\u00e9 l'erreur ) . le geste est appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 \u00e0 sa juste valeur ; - ) on y retournera et peut-\u00eatre pour un autre concert cover qui sait !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice spot , good cocktails but a little too expensive . the coat check was terrible , line up was way too long and making people wait extra time outside and inside . be aware that music can switch from house to r & b in the same evening ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a star ? i wish i could do 0 awful everything , you come here thinking that you are going to be transported to england , i felt like i was in the compton . also , a guest list to get in ? bitch it is snowing you get as many people in as you can this is not la or new york ... please do yourself a favor and do n't come here you will be disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really bad customer service , bad and expensive drinks ( $ 14 martini with no olives because `` we ran out of them last night '' ) . we were sitting at the bar and they made us leave our seats because it was getting crowded and they had to make room for people . why do you have bar stools in the first place ? we could not even finish our drinks because the guy said `` you have to stand up right now because i have to remove the stools '' seriously ? why do you call yourself a cocktail bar if people are not even allowed to sit down to have their drinks ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best new spots in montreal for summer 2015 . the whiskey sours are quite good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unbelievable ambiance . this is montreal 's newest place to be . phenomenal drinks and none of the pretension that muddles a lot of similar places in the same price range . you 're missing out if you do n't give it a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped here for a drink and some food on a tea tour with round table tours . the ambiance is wonderful ; the decor is very thoughtfully designed , comfortable and elegant . the drinks are all so thoughtfully crafted as well . as we were on a tea tour , it was very appealing that their cocktails all had kusmi tea in them . and the ones i tried were absolutely delicious . no one on the tour thought otherwise . also , the food was very good , even though we did n't have too many options as vegetarians . i believe with more notice they would 've been able to provide more for us . we especially loved the grilled cheese ( which normally comes with meat but we had it without ) . i highly recommend stopping in - its a classy place with a lot of thought put into it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beau d\u00e9cor , bel endroit , beau choix de cocktails , et possibilit\u00e9 de prendre des petits canap\u00e9s en accompagnement pour pas trop cher ( 3-4 $ chaque.. ) . bonne musique , assez forte . a essayer un vendredi ou samedi soir !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drinks are a bit too complex and sweet . but i was surprised by their thick cut fries , 8 $ for a good portion of crispy potatoes served with a paprika and chive mayo", "score": "3"}
{"review": "guaranteed a good time if you come here . woman to man ratio is amazing , like 7 to 1 ! highly recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite bars in the city on thursdays and saturdays great music that goes way beyond top 20 radio stuff . fun rowdy crowd good drinks , nice decor . ca n't miss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time taking high tea . the salmon cerviche and sausage puffs were creative and filling . the tea based alcohol drinks a were fantastic . i particularly enjoyed the king richard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to have fun ! it turns crazy at night . their cocktails are really good and the decor is original .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "endroit au d\u00e9cor agr\u00e9able , mais beaucoup trop bruyant pour moi ! il fallait s'y attendre , les vendredis soirs sont tr\u00e8s occup\u00e9s ! il y a des banquettes offertes aux petits groupes , mais on y trouve surtout des espaces debout . bel endroit , pour les fans de musique assez forte et d'ambiance tr\u00e8s anim\u00e9e ! les gin concombres sont super !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious drinks , lumieres tamis\u00e9es , bon service , baquettes mais musique trop forte ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice place . manager and servers are great . do n't get impatient if service takes too long , sometimes they 're just so busy , just be sure to reprimand them kindly about your delayed order . also , visit suite 701 and look for william . he 's the one of the best bartenders i 've ever met and he recommended this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on our experience today . our food was served on soiled dishes . the bagel was rather odd shape and ugly . my wife 's carrot cake muffin was very dry . tasted stale . panera bread has been subject to inconsistency . this branch is normally one of the better ones but not today . in talking to an assistant manager , they have difficulty getting the dark stains out so deliberately serve food on soiled dishes . our dishes at home do not have dark stains . other restaurants do not have this problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shocked by the shape this panera is in . i used to love this location as i live in highland heights . the last few times we have been in the was a distinct difference in the entire atmosphere . manager smirks and giggles with employees while making sandwiches . no line yet it took 10 minutes to get 2 sandwiches made not to mention the fact that we waited for someone to come from the back to help us in the first place . place looks shabby and is need of a good cleaning . employee overall would be nice too . we will go to the panera on mayfield rd from now on . something tells me this happens a lot these days .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have attitudes beyond belief , they opened at 7but when i came in at 8 they did n't have any soup ready . i stood at the cash register for 3 minutes before the lady topped talking to another worker and actually took my order , i was never greeted . ordered to go and opened my bag four hours later to the salad only have filled and no extra croutons like i paid for . wont be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheap rates ! great rooms ! what a deal ! ca n't go wrong when staying at a hilton brand", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the homewood in happy valley rules . my company has an office based in phoenix and homewood happy valley is normally where they put me up since i have to bring my crazy puppy for the extended stays and they allow pets . the staff is amazing and put up with so many of my crazy antics over my 2 months stint . i did my best to keep them on their toes and they gave me a run for my money . the rooms were very clean , staff was great , breakfast was always awesome , i only had dinner once or twice and it was n't too bad . being away from home for 2 months working , not knowing anyone or anything was a little intimidating and hard for me but the hotel staff definetly made it easier for me to adjust and would even suggest fun things for me to do . hands down best hotel expierence ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible.. when checked in hotel was surrounded by 6 police cars and staff would not say whats going on . staff is rude when checked out they charged 110.00 for an extra room that i did not need nor want or use . then would not take off my bill . hotel seekers beware . alot of other nice hotels around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this property has a great location just off ih17 and right next to the happyvalley shopping center . my check-in was with elva was smooth , she 's friendly and professional . the rooms are brightly decorated but smaller than the original suites version . the pillows are good but the mattress runs to the floppy . the wi-fi worked seamlessly . the ac was amazing , the couch was uncomfortable , the kitchen was great . we used the hot tub and pool , they were fine . the landscaping is well done with nice flowering oleanders . it 's nice and quiet here . the breakfast was decent but the fine steel cut oats had been allowed to dry out and the bacon was micro-thin and not cooked . the cereals , fruits , and pecan croissants were tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hilton experience ever ! we have been staying at this homewood suites since june 30 due to a huge error a mortgage company did which turned our lives upside down . starting from the first day that we arrived here we have experienced a very friendly staff . the room was very clean and comfortable from the day we arrived and the housekeeping staff has done a wonderful job keeping our room clean throughout our stay . it is important to me to mention that ryan mckenzie the general manager ... .. ryan has created an exceptional environment for guests to stay at this hotel . the staff that he has hired from the front desk to housekeeping is a group of people that only companies would wish for ! ryan has been very involved with his staff and it is obvious . all of the employees are very respectful and are dedicated to ensure that the guests are comfortable . i would highly recommend this location to anyone who would like to enjoy a relaxing comfortable stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to stay . from the reception at the desk to the breakfasts and dinners . the people are awesome ! i ca n't wait to come back . michael , amy , alma , angela , mike , you all rock ! ! ! ! oh yeah also they help you with any of your questions . kind , professional , and fun ! great location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had to get a hotel last minute ( like 2:00am ) because the one we originally booked was nothing like the pictures and far more scary looking than we expected . we called around hopeful for something and came upon homewood suites . the front desk was amazing and the suites are gorgeous ! we were saved and so happy ! thank you ! if we are ever passing through phoenix again we will stay here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , miguel is amazing . when my air conditioner broke , he ran in after driving the shuttle around , sweating and out of breath , promising he would have it fixed by the time i was back from dinner . he was too sweet . i do n't understand how a multi billion dollar company ca n't afford to have someone drive the shuttle and a different person be maintenance . also , i checked in around 11pm , and edward was as welcoming as ever . he explained everything and was over the top great . on my last night here , he was back and still smiling . the pool is nice , and breakfast was pleasant ! thankfully i was not here on a weekend , because i can imagine how hectic it gets for a good , free , breakfast . great visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hotel ... excellent amenities ... .good snacks at breakfast and dinner ... .great location ... .excellent customer service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean ! great service ! friendly personal staff ! always a pleasure to stay here & close to what you need ! we always stay here when in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the front desk staff is friendly and able to help us with multiple requests right away . my kids love the tasty breakfast buffet , and mikey was super accommodating when we came down late one day . the rooms are comfortable , and clean and housekeeping is quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warm , sincere reception from edward at a 10pm check in . then a super clean suite awaited me . then a warm morning welcome with a big smile at breakfast from dani . this is my 4th hilton owned brand hotel on a long road trip . and this was a first . not sure how morning staff at other hotels ca n't say good morning or smile . it makes a world of difference . standards of service are alive and well here in happy valley ! ! ! job well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great value for nice spacious rooms . room has nice upgrades , good water pressure , and the complimentary wi fi , parking , and breakfast are excellent . pool and basketball court are nice . they are pet friendly with 2 dogs up to 50 lbs for a 75 dollar fee . will stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "writing this review while sitting in the dining area of the hotel . compared to previous homewood suites this one seemed a little below average . the staff were friendly . the room smelled old and the ac rattled all night . there were a few bugs crawling on the kitchen floor . breakfast option were very limited for a vegeterian . every hot item contained meat or pork . only thing left to eat were carbs . they have a nightly reception during the weekday with a hot meal offered as well . not many veggie options . asked the server if the broccoli and cheese soup had any meat or bacon in it , she reassured me it did n't . first bite big piece of bacon ! not coming here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is just like any other homewood suite . simply amazing ! family friendly as well as convenient . customer service is always great , especially here . me and my family arrived a couple of hrs late because we had a flat tire and then hit traffic as a result . after being in the car all day and exhausted , edward made us feel right at home . it 's people like him , the house cleaners , maintenance workers and everyone else on staff that always make our stay at homewood suites memorable . we love staying here because the amenities are everything we need especially with little ones . this particular location is great because it 's right off the interstate . directly behind it is a huge shopping plaza that has everything from stores to shop , restaurants , and a movie theatre . it 's so convenient if you do n't want to drive far to find something to do . the only bad thing is our stay always seems to go by too fast . until next time ... ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing short of amazing ! jennifer is awesome ! i wrote a tip describing her talent and creativity not to mention how professional she is ! ! i started shooting fitness modeling with her back in 2009 and still use her for my projects . her photos have been used in magazines , on my dvds and all over the web as i am a professional blogger . i am preparing a new photo shoot this month and i can not wait ! the thumbnail used on my profile is shot by jennifer and its beautiful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a gym owner in las vegas , i 've worked with jennifer on roughly 50 shoots spanning over two years . the quality of her work speaks for itself , and she is always great to work with . punctual , professional , friendly . highly recommend jen : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to susan for quite a while and have to say she is the most talented hair stylist i 've ever had do my hair . she has an attention to detail and does such precision cuts that i always get compliments . i have had my hair short and long and each time she knows exactly how to cut and color my hair to best highlight my features . she 's warm , friendly , funny as all get out and all her clients are very friendly as well . there is lots of laughter and great conversation each time i visit ! i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nearly 14 years - that 's how long i have been going to fritz to get my hair cut , colored and styled . i have followed him from salon to salon and now he and his business partner susan have their own salon - hair affair ! in the decade plus i have been going to fritz , i have never had to tell him what i wanted done with my hair . of course he asks every time `` what color today , honey ? '' but i have always left the cut and color up to him , and i have never been disappointed . if you want perfection , go to fritz . for my wedding he spent no less than 5 hours making sure every detail was perfect for my big day . for highlights , he usually uses 2-4 colors to make the color look as natural as possible with a shine that sparkles in the sun . without a doubt , i would highly recommend fritz to be your stylist . you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best hair salon to get gorgeous hair . i 've been using fritz for 12 years and referred him to many friends , all who have left loving their hair . it is a very hip , fresh and talented saloon . both fritz and susan will give you the look you desire . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hair affair is a cute little salon with a nice modern atmosphere . the stylists there , susan and fritz are both really great at what they do and have fun , warm personalities ! really easy to talk to . they have complementary drinks and a great assortment of chocolates and other goodies . i usually get my hair done by susan and i 've never been disappointed ! i have really thick , crazy , frizzy hair , but susan always makes my hair look good . great hair and great service ! definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best hair cut and color i get is by susan at hair affair susan has been doing my hair for over 25 years . i moved several years ago and tried a few places in san diego - was so unhappy and missed going to susan . i am very lucky to come to arizona for work and i make sure to coordinate my hair cut color with my business trip - to get it done by susan . i get compliments by my friends in ca and they always ask who is your hairdresser ? ? ? - i tell them you have to make a trip to scottsdale . so , if you need a good hair color and fabulous haircut - easy to work with - susan is the one to go to . thanks for your wonderful service these many years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . not very impressed . smoothies are decent but the staff and customer service could use a lot of help . not including the curse words being spoken when i 'm there with a 4 year old kid . grabbed my drink and went next door to subway to drink our smoothie . staff clearly did n't want to be there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great tasting smoothies friendly customer service and they are pretty good with not messing up orders . they messed mine up one time but if your looking for a good sized great tasting smoothie this place is at the top of my list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location used to be a really good place . it had employees that were really friendly , and the smoothies were delicious . but..it seems lately that everything , including the employees , is going down hill . always out of everything , employees mumble instead of speaking clearly , and it 's just not the same . was there on 7 6 15 , and ordered a mocha madness . i 'm almost positive that they added in a coffee grounds . yes , so much coffee grounds that they got stuck in my teeth , and i was wired for hours . not sure if that is healthy . the people that work here now do n't know what they are doing . you would be better off going next door to subway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good smoothies , came in today and only 1 guy working 2 customers . i 'm not sure management has a game plan on keeping customers but when you walk in and that is the situation at least let the customer know you will be with them . everybody gets busy , make it a place people fell comfortable entering .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like this place . they offer a variety of smoothies for people with all kinds of tastes or diet preferences ( dairy comes to mind ) . i did find out today why the smoothies are so tasty - the giant helping of turbinado they put in them . yes folks , they put in an entire scoop from a large ladle that is at least a third of a cup if not a half a cup . golly gee that 's a ton of sugar , even if unrefined . next time i go i 'll only ask for half or even less sugar . they are so sweet , i doubt i will notice much difference anyway . i would still recommend this place though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is addicting . my favorite is the bahama mama with b12 and the jerk chicken wrap . friendly staff , great prices , delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there have been several times i 've come in and waited for 20 minutes for one smoothie or they ran out of like everything i ever wanted ; seriously soooo frustrating ! however , there have been several more times where they just did n't fail to deliver . literally , everything i 've ever consumed has never disappointed ! i love their options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been eating here almost everyday for about 2 weeks now on my lunch break from school , the food here is really good ! the tropical smoothie by my house was disgusting but love this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just waited almost 30 minutes for one smoothie , they even let the guy behind me go first . he seem to be their friend so i guess they gave him priority over me , not sure i want to go back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unorganized . dirty kitchen . i waited 10 minutes just to get acknowledged . wo n't be coming back even though the smoothie was n't half bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish this place was n't so expensive , but i do love everything on their menu . i love their smoothies ! and i love getting their text exclusive deals on my phone !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good plant based protein selection but not so good on the good side . it 's more of an mre than anything . the smoothies are good but kinda pricey", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! love the prices and the flavors ! they use real sugar cane . clean and attractive place to enjoy with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first place for which i ever used a full publication of coupons . i am genuinely in love . my mainstay smoothie is the health but . it 's not overly sweet and is rather smooth and creamy . i feel like there is actually a good amount of sustenance behind it . today i went with the southwest chicken salad and it far surpassed my expections . id take a picture but it 's already gone ! the island green is definitely delicious too . i have tried a few others and have enjoyed them all . the only problem i have is i wish they had different sizes of smoothie but i wo n't hold that against them . despite a bit higher price than the average place i pop into for lunch tsc makes it worth it in quality and i am more than happy to write a five star review !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! staff is super nice ! place is clean ! smoothies are not only awesome tasting but are healthy too ! do n't forget they have food ! i realized you can swap fake chicken in for the real thing and it tasted awesome ! i will def be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very busy , slow workers & only one cash register open - furniture inside extremely unstable , felt unsafe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the smoothies here are absolutely delicious . the service is always fast and the employees have all been friendly . i will go here over jamba juice any day since you get a way bigger smoothie for the price and have many more options . only complaint is that i wish they had more locations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! foods awesome , the staff is fun , and the atmosphere is contagious . you ca n't walk out of here without a smile . the food is a brilliant take on classic mexican food and looks as good as it tastes . they have about a million tequilas and a million more margarita combinations . located right in the heart of old town scottsdale this place lives up to the hype . beautiful women run wild in this place , however with that come the occasional tatted meat head but those guys are cool too ( sometimes ) . the line moves fairly quickly as does the pace of the night . this place is usually pretty busy and always fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had lunch here today and it was great . decor is fun , love the clear plastic covers on the floral booths ! lots of tv 's around the bar which can be seen from just about everywhere in the club . we had chips and salsa to start . we all agreed that the red ( hot ) salsa was the best , although they were all good . for lunch we had sonoran dogs . very big and tasty ! service was good too ! looking forward to our next visit to try the tacos ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my group spend well over $ 3000 ( not including tips ) on drinks , tables with the taps on , and three bottles with bottle service on my birthday ... and tipped everyone like crazy ... and what did this place do to thank us ? they kicked us all out and called the cops , getting 2 people in my group arrested when they did nothing wrong ... the bouncers are a serious issue at this place . i would have been a very valuable customer to have , but now i will never go back there and will never suggest this place to my friends , i would actually go out of my way to tell them not to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've contacted this manager erik 2 times already regarding table information . last week i gave it a shot even thought i knew it 's been awhile since i 've been to hefe . no response- maybe he has a number . but when i did write my initial review to complain about my experience , i did contact erik shortly after , and still no response . thank goodness my group of friends have gradually moved to different bars other than hefe now . the only reason why we would visit hefe , is to walk by it and say hi to our good pal taylor . other than that , always treated horribly by bartenders and the security inside-they are so aggressive ! and i wish the managers would be managers haha", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place by far has the rudest employees i have seen in a long time ! so unhelpful , made it seem like i was such an inconvenience when asking a simple question.. i first called multiple times and the phone just rang continuously , so i made the drive down there from glendale and asked to speak to a manager and she was busy ! yes that 's what the gentleman told me ! i will never be back there ! ! i will also spread the word of how terrible their customer service is ! if you do not like working in that industry find a new job !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've only been here on weekend nights when they 're a bar only . i live in az and every time i come to scottsdale i end up here since there 's no cover . and every time i say i 'm never coming back . they have a horrible layout for as crowded as it gets . the drinks are served in plastic cups and house well drinks taste like rubbing alcohol but still cost about $ 8 . it gets disgusting in the summer because it 's just way too crowded and the patio stays open to the bar . all they play is crappy top 20 edm . dj never takes song requests and just picks his nose behind a lap top . the only reason i ever came back to this dump is because of the group i was with , but next time i 'd rather go home early .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite spot ! they always play awesome music and make nights out super fun with the different themes the bottle girls do and the confetti went here for a friends birthday and they made it so fun with different signs and a giant light up `` el hefe '' cake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scammers ! if you pay your tab in cash ... make sure you do not forget your card ( credit or bank ) . if you do , when you go back to pick it up , they 'll charge your card for the total amount of your bill ... and ... you may find additional fraudulent charges like i did . i n the day that management had my card someone purchased an item from barnes and noblecredit and a credit report . now that 's customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dirty ! lipstick on the rim of my glass and dried old food stuck on my plate . restroom was dirty . after hours this place can be violent ! fights and frat guys with attitudes . there are so many classy places is scottsdale , i would avoid this dive ! disgusting !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place just was n't for me . i heard about it on the radio or something . the food was not good at all and the place just kind of dirty . i recommend this place to men ... stay away ladies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . i have never been brushed off by a bartender like i was here . i have never been ignored like i was here . when my friend ordered a vodka-cranberry , and was asked which vodka , she ordered tito 's . the bartender started to pour grey goose . before the bartender had finished pouring the incorrect liqour , my friend corrected her , and she was met with a spiteful gaze and no response . the bartender just made her drink and ignored us . the floors were absolutely filthy , trash and food was everywhere . i have never been treated as poorly as at el hefe scottsdale . i do not plan on visiting any of el hefe 's locations again , after this visit , and i advise all of you to not give el hefe your business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent food , drinks , and service . it was definitely a culinary experience for me , and i tried food i have never had before . it was fun to hang out there with friends and they had live music on a floating stage above the bar ! the vibe there is different from any other place in scottsdale- very welcoming and relaxed ! we can not wait to go there again and try some more items on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a lame experience at smashboxx next door we came here and guess what ? the bouncers were n't douchebags -- yayy ! i came here buzzed and left druuunk . i came here `` thirsty '' and left satisfied . i came here wanting to dance and left tired . i came here wanting some good music and left happily with my ears ringing . the music was awesome , and the last half hour or so the dj played some dubstep ( skrillex , and i think benga ) , to which people either went `` wtf '' or `` woo ! '' about ... .me and the `` woo ! '' crew had a good ol time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once , and it was during peak party hours on a saturday night . i was not expecting that crowd in oldtown scottsdale . i felt like i was in vegas ! people everywhere , girls in tight , short , dresses , wasted dudes . yup . vegas in arizona . the floor was sticky . maybe it had to do with the gogo dancers pouring shots directly into patrons mouths as they stood on the bar . nothing against that- i thought it was pretty cool . i might have taken a few myself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my new favorite places . the food is so delicious and reasonably priced and the staff is really friendly . the music television can be a bit loud but it is a bar so i ca n't really complain about it . i like the mill ave location better for people watching on the patio . both places are dog friendly ! everything i 've tried is fresh and delicious . i love their ceviche tostadas , salsa , chips and guac to start , but we 've also had the corn dip and it 's pretty good . the tacos are all yummy , and the house salad is really good . i have n't tried anything i did n't like . the servers are friendlier than i would expect and that 's been consistent so they hire well . not sure i would 've tried this place based purely on appearances and the bar atmosphere because it 's not really our style , but the food keeps bringing us back . i love it for lunch or an early dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a vodka soda . i was given a vodka tonic . when i told the bartender i had received the wrong drink he gave me a 1-count of vodka and filled the rest of my glass with soda . he charged me full price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some of the worst tacos i ever had . they were cold and the meat was mushy , watery , and soggy like it had been previously frozen and been sitting in a slow cooker . also service was slow . the elote dip was okay but i will never come back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is a nice bar , the taco is very cheap and quite tasty . i remembered my friend ordered whiskey for me , it is awesome ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was referred to this bar because it hosts uofa watch parties for football games . place was pretty busy because of halloween weekend . layout is nice unique , but it was pretty cold inside . television set up was adequate : a ufc fight was on the same night so they split the tv 's between the fight and the game . they do n't have televisions set up everywhere like a sports bar ( if that matters to you ) , but it got the job done . me and my buddy ordered some nachos with steak ( i 'd recommend splitting if you order it ) and it was pretty good . then tried the carne asada and duck tacos : i 'd give the slight edge in flavor to the duck taco . all the tacos are pretty small fyi . service was also ok , waitress was pretty nice . i 'd probably go here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to grab a drink and hang out . food was great , service was awsome ! bartender mikey was on point and managers jamie and sean were on top of their game . def . will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has bomb.com tacos the ( shrimp tacos ) are the best . the atmosphere is fun and inviting ! also the churro 's are on point ! happy hour specials are great ! i would n't suggest bringing your grandma here , definitely bring your friends instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here while exploring scottsdale to satiate a sudden urge for churros . and what a fun place ! the bar was super busy and we decided to get a drink while waiting for our churros , since it seemed like a fun place to hang out on a sunday evening . i ordered the margarita , it was plenty to keep me going for the rest of my stay at el hefe and tasted delicious . the churros was simply delicious , came with three dipping sauces , chocolate ganache , coconut and dulche de leche . the presentation was fantastic and it was the most memorable & delicious churros experience i 've had in my life . the horchata milk shake that came with the churros was delectable and addictive . i wonder why we did n't get a round two of the churros .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! great happy hour ... great atmosphere ... and great service ! only been here once but loved it and am planning on doing my birthday here forsure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was so crowded and fun on xmas eve . very loud , but the bartender was fast and responsive to my party of 6 's needs . she even facilitated my request to dance on the bar and said i could stay up there for as long as i wanted . i 'll definitely go back to this place . if there was an option for 3.5 stars , i 'd do that instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually go out to old town about twice a month and can honestly say this is the best bar club out there . they have an amazing atmosphere and some of the best music around . i highly recommend this place if you have never been . it never gets old !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great fajitas ! i enjoyed listening to the music while enjoying dinner in the indoor outdoor youthful vibe . everyone was friendly and the location is beyond perfect . well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keeping it short and sweet ... good for drinking with your amigos . food is eh ... service was prompt and oh so friendly", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously the beer margarita is genius ! and if you 're looking for good tacos or a place for taco tuesday this is your place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alyssa is the worst bartender and person i 've met . such bad service . so rude . constantly having an attitude . should not work in scottsdale . i would rate her 0 5 stars if i could . the worst", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you can stomach the bottled blonde atmosphere the food is pretty legit . i 've been here several times both to party and to grab a bite . it 's packed wall-to-wall weekend nights with liberated 20-something 's , but pretty chill any other night . get the guac and burger !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well let 's just say never again . never will i go nor will i recommend this place . just went to the hostess to get a table , young asian girl states the bar is open seating but as you can see its full . no problem i say what about a table ? on no we have a wait list for that and i ca n't give you a time ... .what ? she does n't know when a table will be available . that 's funny there is absolutely no one waiting and she states there is a waiting list . she then says you can go somewhere else if you want too ... what you have to be kidding me . i guess customer service is not what it 's all about at this establishment . not good considering i can walk here from my house .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place was dope . i like their tacos . the bus service is really nice so that i can get there and back without having to drive . i like getting drunk there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a crappy visit here the manager contacted me to invite me back and send me a gift card . i am still looking for my gift card 3 months later . i tried to email the manager with no response what a shitty establishment !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3.5 stars stopped by while hopping around old town . the music was on point and most of the dancers were great . the crowd was mid-twenties but were n't really dressed up . people were spread out on the outdoor patio are and the inside . it was fun stopping by and was one of the better spots we stopped by in old town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of scottsdale 's new hot spots . if you like the 'scottsdale ' scene , this place is a must . sunday the music goes off as thomas james spins sic house beats and the bar serves up $ 2 tacos . on the weekends , it is still the hot new local spot so it is always busy . fun place to go and usually there is great eye candy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh el hefe , just about my favorite bar of all time . this place is like half bar half club and it 's awesome , i 've never seen anything like it ( the closest thing i 've ever seen to it would be coyote ugly ) . there are literally gorgeous girls dancing on the bar pouring tequila in people 's mouths , it 's insanity . all the bartenders servers are basically supermodels too . they have pretty good food too but sometimes the service takes a little longer ( sometimes supermodels are n't the sharpest ) . but seriously this place is awesome for a night out or even great for happy hour and they have good music ! when i lived in scottsdale i would always take my friends that were visiting to hefe and they absolutely loved it , definitely a go to bar of mine when i 'm in town", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so fun ! always good for a turn up no matter what day of the week . definitely geared more towards the party crowd . the bartenders are friendly and the music is good . you do n't want to start here if you 're looking for a tame night out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun place ! had a great time . had a beer garita and carne asade and chicken rings tacos . great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there last night and it was so much fun ! for a friday night at 12am the bar gets very busy and somewhat loud . the bartenders were very fast at getting my drinks and the bartender `` brittany '' was very nice and had a big smile the whole time . i normally do n't like bars like this because it is not my sene , but this bar was actually fun and a must go back ! thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place sukkkkssssss one star only ! ! friday night long day and week , i get home , put my and1 shorts and tanktop . 20 min i 'm on mill . my buddy had cigar that he wanted to smoke . walked to el jefe and the security guy wo n't let me inn bcoz my shorts . so i guess if you one of the thousand peeps that hangout with shorts and a tank avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a message from the owner . i appreciate that at least - though it does n't really change my view on my experience and my review still holds . to soften it though , i 'll just say this place definitely is n't for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love el hefe ! they have the best happy hour in old town and on tuesdays all of they 're tacos are $ 2 not to mention that they 're absolutely to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in the afternoon when it was slower - great tacos and the beergarita was very good . great atmosphere !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sunday brunch was a blast at el hefe . food was excellent but we had to wait a long time for drinks and our check and it was not busy . we will be back but hopefully to find faster service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a few times , for some reason a lot of my friends enjoy having their birthdays here . i do not like waiting in line and there is always a line here . i should stress my main experience here is only on a friday or saturday night . its always packed in here , and hot as can be . hard to move let alone dance . often tough to get to the bar and order a drink because there are so many people posted up there . not my favorite place , there are generally fun good looking people but at the price of standing like cattle . drinks are decent and well priced , but i only go here if i have to . just far too crowded for me , too hard to order drinks , hard to dance . no where to sit down really at night . i believe there is good seating in the day , but they move all the tables and chairs to make space for more people .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like the smell of pot , or smoke yourself , then definitely hang out here . otherwise inconsiderate people , including employees , will be smoking weed in the middle of the establishment . i honestly do n't care what people smoke , but at least follow smoking laws of doing it at least 25 feet away from the front door and not in the middle of the bar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "taco tuesdays for lunch are where it 's at ! $ 2 tacos and they 're all delicious . they give the option of choosing between like 8-10 different tacos from shrimp , carne asada and duck carnitas to beef cheek . all really tasty on the fresh corn tortillas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "infinity is a truly professional outfit that provided me with a home audio system and outdoor sound system that really elevated my music and movie experience . they demonstrated excellent customer service and reliability . i recommended them to my dad and coworker just after the job was done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found infinity hd on yelp & could n't be more satisfied . we had a problem with an older audio setup that came with our home when we bought it years ago . justin came on time , diagnosed our problem and helped fix others -- making our reception so much clearer . we will definitely use his services in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! justin came with his guy and wow ! the tv was done so nicely , no wires and it looks fab ! ! highly recommend him to all my peeps ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is 3rd home since 2010 that justin has installed an awesome home entertainment system in . . he is absolutely genius and really cares customers are 100 % satisfied . i love having both tv , components and streaming options all on one remote . justin and jeremy are very trustworthy . the smartest thing they 've done is hiring kristin to professional manage their busy volume of clients . i would not trust anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a recent first time home owner and was looking for someone not named best buy to come and help me with some home theater setup in my new home . i heard about infinity hd through a promotion called `` our town '' . i called and scheduled a time for them to come and install my hd tv . justin and crew showed up directly on-time and where friendly and courteous when installing the setup and boy does it look great ! i would highly recommend infinity hd to all my friends for any of their home theater setup needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called yesterday and set up a consultation quote for 5pm today . i left work early to get home . no one came . i thought maybe i forgot to leave my specific house number when i left my address . i called in to make sure they had my correct info , and i found out that they scheduled over my appointment . i should 've known that the house number was n't an issue because i left my number in case they needed to contact me . being a few minutes late is no big deal , but a no show is a big inconvenience . guess i 'm going to find someone else to do the work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , just wow ! jeremy and bobby showed up even a little early to install wiring for security cameras . they were willing to work within my budget for what i needed to have done . they even finished a little early . both were a pleasure to deal with and they did a great job cleaning up after the job . they not only met but exceeded my expectations . great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed my heavy duty pa speakers hung from the ceiling and the wires hidden in the wall . justin came to my house and did all the work in a short amount of time . i was so happy with his professionalism and his punctuality that i have since referred him to my brother as well as having him mount tv 's from the ceiling and wall in my office and he also help me resolve some it problems i was having . a++ on the customer service level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a quickie ... . they 're great . in and out no matter how much you pay . i got a hot stone rub for $ 5 with my $ 20 pedicure . she did one minute per leg . but if you 're looking to be pampered with a loooonng rub down , that would be at luster nails on pima and thompson peak .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in with my mother on a tuesday and was told it would be a 15 minutes wait and not even a minute later i was being helped : ) i got a hard gel manicure and a pedicure ! i am very pleased with the service ! everything looks so nice , clean and organized it made me feel at ease ! i 've had some bad experiences with other nail salons in the area but after this experience i think i found my new favorite nail salon ! my nail techs name was jenny , she was very nice and actually took the time to listen to me when i told her what i wanted my nails to look like ! she made conversation and seemed very interested in talking to me , not like she was just talking because she had to ! during my whole experience there i was n't forced into adding on any other services , which was nice ! it was the best nail experience by far ! i will definitely be returning and i would recommend trying it out ! my mother was also very pleased with her experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go to this nail salon ! ! i have never had such a bad experience or service . i assumed this would be a good salon due to the fact that they are always busy and you have to make an appt in advance but i could n't have been more incorrect . the nail techs are sweet as can be but completely inept at removing gel , clipping cuticles , and polishing . the polish job looks like a child put it on my nails , i had to shape them myself because they were all completely crooked and they are missing polish on the inside edge of every nail . not to mention they did n't even manage to cover the entire nail bed with my gel top coat and then she wiped acetone over my nails at the end and wrecked all of the exposed polish . i understand now why their pricing is so affordable ... too bad i 'm now having to drive to a different salon to have my nails completely re-done . could not have received worse service here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible ! ! ! ! owner is disinterested , unprofessional and impolite over the phone , techs . are inept and they do a subpar job . amazing this place survives in scottsdale !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love maiyas ! the salon is modern , cute and always clean . they have the best selection of colors and gels . kevin and lena are wonderful and treat you like family . i would n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not sure why there are any bad reviews of this place . i know that women can be very picky about their nails and the bottom line is that every tech has their own way of doing things . i 've been to at least 6 different techs at maiyas and i have never been disappointed . i do n't even request anybody in particular when i make an appointment because i 've never been let down . beautiful nails every time . my advice is if you do n't like something , say something . if you want extra services beyond the basics , request them when you book your appointment . it 's not that complicated . i get gel manicures and pedicures every time . they have a great selection of gel colors to choose from as well , almost too many . it 's hard to pick a color sometimes with so many options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best manicure or pedicure i have received anywhere ... and i travel a lot . it is the only manicure that lasts a week ... mimi is excellent ! mondays and tuesdays there are specials and on-line you can get a printable coupon . there are also promotional facials that are wonderful ... and reasonable . maiya 's is truly a neighborhood spot in a great area off of via de ventura and hayden .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place to go get a mani pedi . clean , nice decor and the owners are super nice . they do a great job and prices are great ! i had walked by thi place for years and finally decided to go . i should n't of waited to go becuase they are fabulous . the place is packed all the time , but stil has a relaxing atmospere . i took my mom there and she loved it , she states ... best pedicure she had in her life . i am a regular there and will continue to go there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for about three years and it 's the best moderately priced pedicure you can get in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to maiyas for almost 17 years , along with my mom , sisters and all of my friends and coworkers . the owners and nail techs are such nice , fun people and have definitely become our good friends ! i have never gone anywhere else for nails or waxing and facials . christie is awesome at brow waxing ( it does n't even hurt ) , brow tinting and giving amazing facials , among other services ! any time someone recommends any of these services , i never hesitate to give them their number , which i know by heart : ) maiyas is a great salon that is clean , beautifully redone , and offers all of the best products and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i recently moved to scottsdale and some friends recommended this place to me . wonderful service , friendly staff and excellent job with my mani pedi ! i ca n't wait to go back . it was a fun vibe as everyone seemed to know each other . love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this nail salon ! i have been going to this nail salon for over two years . they always do a great manicure and pedicure ! very clean salon and friendly staff . christy is great for all your waxing needs . over a great experience . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough great things about maiya 's . clean and friendly environment with top notch customer service . in addition to nail services they have wonderful facials and waxing . i would definitely recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : maiya 's has expanded . they 're in the same shopping area-mercado del lago in mccormick ranch , just across the parking lot from their previous location . they 've doubled their space , and the new look and feel is even better than before . still calm and relaxing . they have more spa services-facials , massage , waxing , etc . excellent experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very unhappy ! my friend and i made a reservation - we were never asked what kind of pedicure we wanted . we sat down and we told them we wanted the works ! they said we ca n't do that we do n't have time ! ok- why did they not ask what i wanted when we made the pedicure appointments . manager that is pregnant christy i believe her name is came over and stated everyone that calls gets the basic ! we run a tight schedule ! i have never been there how do i know to ask for the deluxe ? christy would not accommodate us ! not happy ! we will never be back and i will tell people to beware ! sorry but , big mistake i would have paid for the works and have tip the girls very well ! i would have been more upset but , the gal was pregnant and i just had a baby so i was nice - that being said that is why i went in to get the works ! : - )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nail technitian was uber funny during my pedicure and did a perfect job . the massage was seriously the best food massage ive ever had . will be returning", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! my mom spends the month of march in the area and this has become her place ! the owner went out of his way this year to get my mom her favorite gel color to take home with her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time coming here for a gel mani and pedi . the lady was nice but did not even ask how i wanted my nails to look . she did not even massage my feet or give me the full pedi experience . it was literally just cleaning up my nails and painting them . not very relaxing . i can also tell that the salon is not well cleaned . she made me put my bare feet on top of the gel light and literally filed my finger nails right by my drink . worst experience i ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom and i both come here about 2x a month for gel manicures and pedicures and my mom does acrylic nails as well . we love everyone there , and they do a great job . we always go to jenny or mimi and they 're so sweet ! they also love to talk with you and get to know you which is very different from any other salon i 've been to . i moved to the phoenix area a few months ago and will not go anywhere for my nails except here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very poor customer service . as soon as you walk in you feel extremely unwelcome . the gentleman that runs the front desk is very rude . i did n't even stay for the service i was that uncomfortable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome service . $ 35 petti-manni foot massage . never tried this before , i came here and boy have i been missing out ! i will continue manscaping to enjoy these perks and i love being pampered ! ! who does n't !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought i had found a great place to get my nails done . and that was n't the case . this was my 5th time there and i was excited about it . i did n't appreciate how they do what they want . i 'm a paying customer and trust me i tip very well . not to sound stuck-up . but it really hurt my feelings that they did n't do my nails how i asked . and especially how they made me feel like i did n't have any money . i just hate how these places judge you quickly . it 's ridiculous . they ruined my experience there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite nail salon ! ! i 've been going here every two weeks for over 15 years ! i wo n't go and have n't been anywhere else ! ! clean , nice environment with great techs ! great gel color selections and amazing pedicure chairs ! they now offer spa services like waxing and facial treatments that are wonderful and affordable ! ! my only suggestion would be to be sure and call for an appointment in advance ! they can usually always get you in that day ! i would for sure recommend maiya 's to anyone , and often do ! ! : ) everyone i 've sent here loves them too and most have become regular clients as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carolina is very talented and super professional . she has a gift !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this girl knows what she is doing ! ! ! ! super sweet and funny ! ! makes you feel comfortable during the whole process from beginning to end ! walks you through step by step when designing the perfect brows for your face . you can count on carolina to save your brows or even just enhance your natural brows . love her , go check out her beautiful work ! ! ! my brows look amazing and totally frame my face ! ! five stars , 100 % ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i give carolina at idol eyes , the highest of recommendations for anyone considering micro blading for your eyebrows . i have not had beautiful brows since high school when i tweezed my brows in , way to far . i had my brows tattooed for over 15 years . they were thin , light and out of style . at age 57 , i can honestly say , i have eyebrows ! looks so natural . they are full and beautiful . if your looking for the best microbladder in all of arizona , call carolina . she rock 's ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carolina is seriously amazing ! ! ! she 's professional , friendly and most of just super awesome ! ! ! her work is better than the rest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has changed my life ! we order several times a week , and it 's heavenly . i 've already referred several family and friends , who are equally thrilled with the service . great value , delicious food , tons of variety , and appealing presentation . totally exceeded my expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got done last week with the sunfare optimal cleanse . the program was easy to follow and not as difficult as i expected . the food and shakes were enjoyable ! i mixed the shakes in the blender with ice and water and a little stevia and cinnamon and they were satisfying . i lost exactly 10 lbs in the 10 days as claimed and i did not start out needing to lose any more than that . great program for those looking to drop the last 10 stubborn lbs or for those looking to get a quick jump start on a longer weight loss plan . thanks sunfare for offering this great program . i am now committed to remaining caffeine and gluten free thanks to your program !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was assisted all the way in setting up an account as a gift , which involved several emails back and forth with immediate and helpful responses and suggestions . when i needed to cancel due to the recipient requiring something else , the response was again immediate , professional , helpful and courteous . terrific people to work with ! thank you , sunfare !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the program , i just wish i could afford it more often ... it 's a little pricy for myself . i wish they had better deals on their longer programs ... but on the positive side ... .they have soooo many options and everything is fresh and taste great . everything comes packed well and stays fresh even in the heat . sunfare , offer more specials please ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and customer service ! they have a great selection of healthy or indulgent meals which arrive on time every time . the packaging is great and makes it easy to store in your fridge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally ca n't live without my sunfare . not only is the food amazing , i have more time in my day . no groceries , cooking or clean-up ... awesome ! ! ! a must try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came on a saturday for the weekend breakfast buffet . the restaurant was very slow , with between 1-4 tables being used during our visit . the service here is very lacking . our waitress rarely checked on us , and we had to ask for basics , such as ketchup and coffee creamer . at one point , i had to serve coffee to our table as there was no employee to be found . the food is mediocre , usual breakfast fare . one positive is the breakfast sausage is the gfs one that is delicious . my 2 year old son ate free , but we probably will have to keep searching for a good breakfast buffet . edit : there is no changing table in either bathroom . i had to change my 2 year old 's diaper in the trunk of my car .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a delicious lunch here . we have booked a family birthday party here for 22 people . bring your own alcohol ; no corkage fee . great desserts from cheesecakes to greek rice pudding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time eating at old vienna - we had lunch and it wonderful ! menu has many options and the service and food was excellent and the price very reasonable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today , i took my brother-in-law to ecignificance to buy him an evapor smoking device . he has been smoking a lot of cigarettes lately and has been under a lot of stress . i thought that getting him an evapor device would reduce some of the stress he is putting on his body by smoking cigarettes . hopefully , he will quit smoking now . theo took care us and showed us several models of evapor cigarettes and flavored liquids . he gave us a full explanation of all the models and how they worked . he was a really nice guy and extremely knowledgeable of his products . they had a very good selection and my brother-in-law selected a kanger product . totally recommend this place if you 're trying to stop smoking and save a lot of money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . i usually go to their mayfield heights location because it is conveniently located near my work . i come here from time to time and i never leave disappointed . they have a wide selection of house brand juice and the flavors are awesome . they have two separate lines , a traditional line that 's better for clearomizers and another line of juices for rdas . their hardware selection is actually pretty decent . they seem to always have the latest kanger product as soon as it is released . i purchased my atlantis from them and i love it . their location is really convenient . they 're at the corner of pleasant valley rd . and broadview rd . they even let you try all the juices at their juice bar which is neat . you do n't have to commit to a bottle until you 've tried it , which is something i value immensely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with the school year coming to an end , i needed a tuxedo for prom . i went to a couple of places that were asking just too much and almost gave up looking until a friend of mine referred me to this place . i decided to go in one day and the staff was so welcoming and helpful that it made the experience 100 times better , they even offered to get measurements . needless to say , i walked out of there with a slim fit tux and will definitely be doing business with them again . awesome place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great find if you need a tux for the prom ! cheap tuxedos and super friendly staff . they have a huge selection of tuxedos and their prices are awesome , they were really concerned to make sure that the tuxedo fit just right ! thanks again for the help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you need a tuxedo for any occasion this place is the best . they have the best prices and incredible service . i have been looking for a tuxedo for an event and wanted to find one that did n't break my bank . discount tuxedo rental beat all of my expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my experience 1 month ago god i should had went to petco , i order their spa package with nail trimming cutting bath and grooming for my little dog told me it will take an hour to two so when i came back 1 hour and 15 mins later i was told he was n't ready yet . i waiting by the mirror for an hour until the groomer that was working on my dog came back and let my dog out of the cage and just drop him down not even putting him down when me and my wife saw that we were piss to the point where i walk in and yelled like really why are you treating my dog like that if it was n't that i paid ahead i would just walk out i complain about this to the manager and she just told me i was overreacting well guess what you lost a loyal member", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a nice location but the parking is adjacent to walmart 's parking so it can get very busy outside . inside however is clean , well organized , and the staff is scattered about making it easy to find help when needed . they have a great selection of common fish and birds . their rodent selection changes from time to time with an occasional chinchilla or bundle of cute guinea pigs . their pet supplies and pet accessories seem to have center stage here . their groomers are friendly and have been gentle with my `` scaredy cat '' dog who 's afraid of her own shadow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lied about the time ! check in my dog exactly 8:30am pick up time from 2-3 hrs . went back after 3 hrs my dog still not ready . waited for more than 1 hour . they lied and do n't value the customer 's time ! if i only knew i wo n't bring my dog in this rediculous place wasted almost 5 hours ! the lady does n't cut my dogs hair the way i wanted it . worst place to go ! go somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really disappointed at today 's grooming , i took my pomeranian puppy for a trim and clearly told the groomer ( amanda ) not to touch the tail nor the mane , what i found when i go pick up my puppy ? her tail trimmed and her main all fucked up with uneven lines all along ... .definitely not going back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this petsmart and i can give you two reasons why i strongly feel this way . brianna and jacqui . brianna is the only girl me and my girlfriend trust to heart with when it comes to our dog odin and his twice a month grooming . she is and always is the best and makes sure odin feels comfortable and well taken care of . and jacqui who i 've come to find out is actually a manager is the sweetest with odin . she always plays with him when he comes in the store . our boy odin is always loved by these two people and you can see how happy he gets when odin sees brianna and jacqui and that means the world to me and my girlfriend . so if you guys have any questions make sure to ask for jacqui to help you out through anything in the store and she 's also very knowledgable with dogs and brianna will always give you that feeling knowing your love one is in good hands ! so brianna and jacqui thank you for always being the best every single time we come in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have all of my animals on the wellness plans . they all have if different needs and there 's an insurance that covers each one ! the staff is so nice and knowledgeable . we love it here ! they even accommodate a cat that bites with out any issues . i am a huge fan of how easy it is to sign up for the insurance and how well it covers my animals needs , plus this location is clean and friendly ; the petsmart and banfield staff alike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been flipping between this one and the one on decatur charleston , but we like this one better . with a high-maintenance cocker spaniel that needs grooming desperately in the summer time ( he gets super hot and lays on the tile floor ) , lest he look like a mini newfoundland or a poodle ( gasp ) , this is our best bet . we 've taken him here a couple times and this time , was the best haircut ( very short ) and should last for a few months . we 're most likely going to come here from now on . ( the last time at the other location , was a 4.5 hour groom . ) our other dog , labrador-pit bull mix , is low maintenance ; she just needs a bath & brush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first visit to this store with my dog was a bit , off . i have a best on my dog that says `` do not pet . '' this vest can be bought online or at local stores . no where on the best did it say `` service dog '' or anything similar . as i am walking through the store , several associates start following me . one asks `` is that a service dog ? '' i said nope . i grab my items and proceed to the check out . the cashier then tells me `` you know , if she is n't a service dog you should remove that vest ! it 's wrong to disguise her as a service animal . '' i was a bit upset that 1 ) a pet store cares whether or not my dog was a service animal , and 2 ) that they spoke to me like this . my visits since i have gone in without he vest to avoid any conflict . i only go because it 's close to the house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love petsmart . first of all , you get to bring your pet in with you ! but , more than that , the customer service is excellent . they know all the products very well and can answer most any question you have . in all the years i have come to this location , i have yet to have a single negative experience . i have not tried the vet office or animal training , but i 'm sure it just as great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm in here all the time . we are currently getting ready for family photos with my doggy so i 've been in & out of this location for props.. well i saw a really cute food place mat & bought it two weeks ago . because we 've been so busy i did n't take anything out of the bag.. well the place mat is mia : ( but the manager was understanding & had no problem replacing it ( pretty sure i never got the bag with it but i 'll totally return it if it pops up ) . i spend a lot of time & money here so i was thrilled to receive such awesome customer service . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love this location ! ! ! ! by far the best staff they love all animals and all dogs of all breeds . andrew has trained my pit and poe has had a lot of improvement . the selection is great and the toys are awesome . i recommend kong for larger dogs . you wo n't be sorry going here . they always have fun clothes for the dog . i love shopping here for my furry family members !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the worst petsmart we come here to purchase fishes and get turned down on how many we can purchase is completely ridiculous . we tried our first 55 gallon with 10 cichlids all of which are still there none dead . so who are they to say how much we can purchase ? is it a law ? ? ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely worst petsmart ever . if you are there to buy fish , good luck . never anyone around . the two times i went here , i had to wait 10min . for someone to come out . when i realized no one would , i had to yell through the back door to get someone . the cashier just stared at me instead of paging someone . also you will wait in line forever . if the cashier has a problem , you might as well take a nap . no one will come to help . lastly you can never get out of their parking lot without waiting at the light for at least 2 cycles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always love this location , items in stock , prices are great , staff super nice , but today i used the ladies restroom and it looked like a college bachelor lived in there for a year ! toilet & sink were filthy , trash can overflowing kinda gross . kick it up a notch guys ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always used to to to this petsmart for grooming . lately though their service has been awful . i went in for an appt and all of the groomers looked so unfriendly . none of them had a smile on their faces . non of them showed a pleasant personality . i paid for their furminator treatment $ 93.00 and when i picked up my dog , they did n't brush her out good . she still had loose hair sticking out everywhere . so disappointed with this service . i will never come back to this location for grooming anymore . they are terrible at their job !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love shannon she does the best grooming she make my dog popcorn so cute . she is gentle nice and always listen to what i want . i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience . cat groomer made me feel like it was my fault that she was booked with too many appointments . when my husband came in with our cat she had immediate attitude like she did not want to do her job . she turned us away saying we needed to go to an animal hospital , in which reality she just didnt want to do her job . she was not friendly , polite , or professional by any means . why have a job if you dont want to do what you 're supposed to do while working ? ? called the manager who could care less about our experience . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the grooming department is awesome , always taking care of nola 's shedding issues . the people at the front are very sweet and you get to know them quickly . i recommend going there for everything , as long as you get a perks card , things are very reasonable . they even email me coupons for stuff i actually need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the pet smart mr. lenny and i frequent and after going to a few others in the valley i have to say it 's the best one . nice and clean no pushy sales people ( really ) . plus donna and the rest of the staff in the back are top notch and lenny loves saying hi to them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is nice most of the time but they still give you the stink eye . the girl at the aquarium section is really nice & helpful . vets are nice but a bit to talkative for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i live within a 5 mile radius of 3 petsmart and although they are the same company i 've had different experiences with all three . this just goes to show you that employees really do make a difference . we received a little coupon book to petsmart after adopting my new pup diesel . so i came to this location to pick up all the essentials : food , kennel , treats , toys ... i 've never owned a dog before so you can imagine how lost i was with a dog tugging every which way and all the selection . the staff was friendly , attentive , and answered all my questions . i even got a few recommendations on indestructible chew toys that to this day is the best purchase i 've made . i also just recently came here for a nail clipping . the grooming staff took diesel right in and even though he was a terror and had to have another person hold him down andrea still made it work and i was in and out within 10 minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my dog here for about a year now because i take her to banfield pet hospital ( great service there by the way ) but lately i am just so disappointed in the grooming salon . at first , they were friendly and they would call me every three months to see when i would be bringing my dog back in . the last couple of months though , they 're unhappy , unfriendly , inattentive , and just rude . i call to schedule an appointment and they claim they 're all booked up but their website says otherwise . i do n't feel like my dog is welcome anymore and something about this place is n't right . 10 10 would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the 2nd `` petsmart '' i 've reviewed . i want to say they are all the same in some aspects as far as aisle and layout . but this one had a feeling i was n't welcomed ( not playing any cards ) lol nobody was around to help , not sure if it was because i was here early in the am or the employees did n't see a 6'1 inch male with tattoos , dreadlocks , and a wife beater on . oh well ... it is what it is . i just came to grab some things for the new puppy i adopted yesterday . checking prices too , which we all know are expensive . maybe i 'll go to sam 's club and see if they have a humongous bag of dog food for a reasonable price and then maybe i 'll get greeted upon entering since i must show my card to be let in . lmao wo n't return to this location ... 3 stars is a `` so so '' to me . bye", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst groomers in town ! butcher my dogs and did n't even tell my family about the different packages . horrible service and made my dogs sick while there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i made an appointment to get my cat groomed a week in advance at this location and when i got there the `` cat groomer '' turned us away . she was the most unprofessional and lazy employee i have ever dealt with . my cat was nervous , which is understandable because she is not used to leaving the house , and the groomer was immediately aggressive with her and was yelling at her . my cat was quiet and docile just clearly nervous and the groomer said `` i ca n't do this cat '' and sent us to the tropicana animal hospital down the street . they got us in and out in an hour with no problems . do n't waste your time with the groomers at pestmart , i definitely will never give them my business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love to bring my dog here ! just signed him up for some beginner training sessions , the cashier was so nice and even pointed out that there were lots of coupons available in their new puppy booklet that would end up saving us a lot of money . ended up saving us almost $ 40 between his food and training ! thank you cashier ! also they sometimes have reps in from the food companies and our favorite food brand blue buffalo 's rep was extremely helpful in explaining the food differences .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my dog here last month to get a grooming . was not satisfied at all ! my dog was not completely dry after i had picked him up ! how can you miss that ? he looked like he had been brushed , but his fur coat was still damp ! this has never happened to me at any other pet smart location . i will be going to another pet smart for my dogs grooming from now on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the closest location to my house , so i feel that i frequent them pretty often . their staff is very knowledgeable and friendly , and we once spent ~20 minutes with an association who told us the best dog food to buy for your money . i also take my dogs here for grooming quite frequently , and although they hate it , i am always very pleased with the results . neither of my dogs has ever been nicked or injured during their grooming sessions here ( which has happened at other places , due to carelessness ) so i trust the groomers with my dogs - who can be quite a handful at times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware ! i bought a puppy from adopt a rescue pet which were set up at this petsmart on august 30 , 2014 . the puppy tested positive to parvo and became sick 5 days after we got him . he passed away on day 12 . it was heartbreaking not to mention expensive with vet bills and cremation plus cost of puppy is over $ 1000 . worse part is we ca n't get another dog for at least a year because of the parvo in the house which is impossible to get rid of and highly contagious to other dogs . if you adopt try to adopt one that already has his shots also do not let them give puppy shots and neuter surgery on the same day . i would like to see petsmart in the future not allow young puppies into the store to be adopted unless they have had their first two rounds of puppy shots . which if owners follow the schedule correctly they would be 14 weeks old with all shots and waiting the two weeks after second shot since it takes two weeks for shot to protect them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the grooming department at the store is not the brightest or most professional . i made an appt online for my dog . about 20 minutes laters , i got a call from an employee saying their online booking system was wrong and they were actually booked for the day . she was able to get me scheduled for the next day . about 2 hours later another employee called and said `` are you sure you 're even scheduled at the right store ? '' literally that 's how she started the conversation . i said yes . she then said we you cancelled an appt last july and told us you were at the wrong store ... .i told her i did n't even have a dog last year . needless to say i cancelled my appt . if they ca n't manage to take care of customers over the phone , how can i trust them to take care of my dog during grooming ? who knows what would happen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a very pleasant experience here . originally , i thought i had made a reservation at joe beef next door , but i was not disappointed as liverpool house carried some of the same dishes on their menu . i was promptly seated and service was great . i decided not to go for the well-known & loved lobster spaghetti because i was dining solo and not hungry enough . instead , i started with the soft crab , clams , mussels & crisp vegetables with garlic aioli from the specials menu . the vegetables were extremely fresh & the soft crab was perfect . i followed this with foie gras & blueberries . this was my first taste of foie gras , and it was delicious . i 'm grateful to have had this dining experience in montreal & would most definitely do it again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this spot is a true treat . although kind of pricey , it 's truly worth every penny . competent staff , food is always amazing and unique dishes . amazing experience everytime . reserve now , books up quickly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to david carradine with the lobster spaghetti .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great meal here . read the reviews ... . all spot on . from the lobster pasta to the steak , every bite was amazing . if you 're a large group , and the weather is nice , my recommendation is the private party in the back porch with your very own private space . enjoy dining with your friends or family in there outdoor space while enjoying their rich , amazing dishes . always on the list to go to when in montreal . heard great things about joe beef too but it 's a hard spot to reserve and the food is basically the same .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been here in november with a girlfriend of mine . the service was very welcoming at the beginning . but i kept feeling pressured by our waiter to buy wine as well as dessert . the oysters were tasty but not shucked properly . my fish plate which was the fish of the day was too buttery . and our dessert was hard . my friends ordered the halibut and that was very good . i hate the fact that the menu is written all over the walls ( including wine ) difficult to read since it is very dim .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where to start- we wanted to eat at joe beef but they were booked solid so we ate at their sister restaurant liverpool house . we were a party of 7 and sat in the beautiful back garden area . it instantly had a `` french laundry '' feel with aromatic herbs and beautiful tomatoes ripening on vine all around the garden . we each started with a mixed drink- expertly conceived and mixed by chris the bartender . bloody caesar , gin iced tea , bourbon sour , vodka martini- everything was delicious . for appetizers we loved the pate , the clam chowder , the lamb sausage , and the veal terrine . everything that hit the table was perfect . the entrees were all perfectly executed and were not for the health conscious ! horse steak cooked rare , lobster pasta ( amazing ) , veal , chicken- each dish had a beautiful sauce and well developed flavors . this place is a must try- a true gem . we loved it and would go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a late dinner here and were seated right away . we started with a mix of oysters which were some of the freshest i have had . we then ordered the rabbit croquettes and horse meat tartare which were both delicious . i then ordered the lobster spaghetti which was not bad the lobster was great although i was expecting more from the spaghetti and the sauce . the serive was great and overall it was a great dinner . with drinks this all came to about $ 100 pp .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not begin to describe this place . it 's located next door to joe beef , and has much of the same decor styles and ambiance . the breakfast foie gras was hands down the best dish i have ever eaten . it was like the first time i was given food . plated on organic maple syrup , the entire creation of breakfast perfection has ruined me . it 's all i can think about . it has single handedly set the bar so high that i can not imagine any other restaurant or food item coming close . the yolkey envelopment over the creamy foie gras in combination of the fresh and local bagel was also just sublime . we also had the lobster spaghetti which was also incredible . i will be back , that i can assure you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well after hear some mixed reviews i decided to try the restaurant myself . i 've never felt more neglected my life . i had to ask several times for water and bread . i ordered the supposedly famous lobster spaghetti . i was told it would be 1 and a half pound lobster . all i can say is maybe once it was a pound and a half but not when i got to my plate . and for 49 dollars is well . stay away from this restaurant . it 's a rip off .there 's so many other great restaurants around montreal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is amazing ! the service was incredible and the food out of this world ! the whole meal was suggested by our waiter and it was delicious ! i had chavel in other words horse ! ! ! delicious ! ! ! if you go to montreal you need to try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , amazing , amazing . after two weeks of foodie frenzy in montreal , i am certain this is the best all around restaurant in the city . perfect service , incredible food , cool yet unaffected vibe . a must for anyone who is serious about food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "creative food in a relaxed setting . lots of great wines available by the glass and bottle . the deep fried brussel sprouts are a must ! lobster pasta was excellent . portions are generous and the food is very rich , no room for dessert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had one of the best meals we have ever had at liverpool house . we made he reservation on the dinr app the day of and snagged a 9pm reservation . the ambience and service was simply wonderful , along with sharing the lobster spaghetti and strip steak . this place will never be forgotten and we ca n't wait to come back when we return to montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "11 buddies and i went here for the formula 1 race post bachelor party and they really took care of us . christopher was great to work with and the food was spectacular ! i would strongly encourage anyone visiting montreal to check it out or their sister restaurant joe beef . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not worth the price , for the same range go to joe beef even though they the same owners . menu items where good , but not unique", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was liverpool house that saw the exciting occasion of meat fest 2015 during my recent visit to montreal . sure , it was my own littler personal fiesta but by no means does that mean it was n't a grand , greedy and glorious affair . there was wine ( lots ) , raw meats ( horse tartare ) , giant slabs of meat ( hanger steak in a barley and beef cheek sauce ) and the token vegetable ( brussel sprouts ) . two of us ate and ate until we threw down our steak knives in defeat and congratulated our sensible wearing of comfy pants , with the clinking of wine glasses high above the table . do n't dilly daddle , make a reservation today so you , too , can enjoy your own meat fest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sister restaurant to joe beef . we were seated outside in the back section of the garden with a lovely view of the sky . the menu is written on a chalkboard as it changes daily . we had the shrimp polenta as the appetizer ... delicious ! for entrees we shared the hanger steak , spaghetti with lobster and duck . we ordered one of each of the desserts and they were great . everything was amazing ! it was one of the best dining experiences ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "220 dollar meal , and the entre was inedible . i sent it back . yes , they told me i did n't need to pay for it - but that 's not remotely the point . i came here to eat dinner , not go home hungry . do not order the duck . awful . if i could write another bad review i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good scallop sashimi and oysters . lobster spaghetti is good , but super rich . only place i know that uses heavy cream for spaghetti dishes . horse steak was good and tender as well . as expected , not as flavorful as steak from cattle . good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had good experience in this place , but nothing special . maybe because we had really high expectation given the joe beef affiliation and bourdain hype . we had the lobster spaghetti , which is good , but not the best lobster preparation we had . horse tartare was a unique experience , coming from us . the rabbit dish that night , leg and sausage was really good and was the highlight of our meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic dining experience in every way . arrived and were greeted and promptly seated at our reserved time . very busy place but the staff were all incredibly friendly and helpful in translating the menu to english for us and recommending various dished . the restaurant was cozy and charming , fun and lively . we started with some east and west coast oysters , which were fantastic . then my wife had the lobster pasta and i had the horse steak filet . both were outstanding . we were n't in a wine mood so we enjoyed the joe beef beer . we would recommend this to anyone visiting montreal and will definitely come here again next time we are in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum ! great vibe and great food . i struggled a bit with the menu with my non-existent french but our waitress was very helpful with all the choices . we tried an assortment of their recommended plates and everything was tasty . must make reservations well in advance since this is a popular spot . brussel sprouts and lobster spaghetti were my favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to have the lobster pasta since this is what it ( and joe beef ) are famous for ... i have to say i loooved their pork belly dish much much more . it was in a wonderful shrimp and mussel sauce , and perfectly cooked , juicy , and tender ! hubby loved the oysters too ! the pasta was definitely rich , but there was a je ne sais quois missing ... maybe the lobster needed salt ? some kind of spice missing ? perhaps there was so much hype around this dish that it just fell short of my high expectations ! however , the portion was more than generous ! i couldnt finish the pasta ! gluttonous indeed ! the rhubarb sherbert icecream and meringue dessert was also spectacular ! hard to get reservations , so get yourself the dinr app and score some last minute openings ! ! its your best best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "somewhat slow service , very heavy food and extremely loud . the food is good , just not ideal for dinner . if you 're into lobster pasta , steak , etc. , this is a very good option to visit with friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously , i think liverpool house is worth than before , about service and food , overall . the waitress is rude , ( with not serving plats and a poker face , showing her attitude while when we tasting the wine , typically looks like 'chinese ppl will not tip you , chinese ppl does n't have money to drink a bottle wine ' ) , well , i declare i tip every time and always 15 or plus in general , but i really do n't want to tip her after her service ( even though i still tipped , after a 400 plus bill i think 10 % is away enough for her ) anyway , no reason to eat at a such expensive resto for a low level of feeling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome meal . friendly waiters . young , hip atmosphere . had a salad to start ( great ) , bloody cesar ( tasty ) , the rib steak as main . beautifully cooked and well seasoned . the twice baked potatoes were very tasty as well . all in all an excellent meal . the menu , being on the black board , is a bit of a pain as the restaurant is dimly light . those that have menus should definitely check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! this is one of my favorite restaurants in montreal and possibly one of the more under-appreciated if considering quality of food and nice atmosphere . this is what i 've grown to refer to as a `` chalkboard bistro '' . the menu is provided on a single large chalkboard hung on the wall , written in chalk . while i 'm not a big fan of this practice , the menu at liverpool house offers an excellent range or options ( not limiting but also not overwhelming ) making decisions a bit difficult and leading to a repeat visit ! everything i 've had here has been very good to excellent but the lobster spaghetti was amazing ... one of the best seafood dishes i 've ever eaten . atmosphere is casual comfortable , the staff very friendly , knowledgable and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an excellent meal ! my husband had the horse appetizer and the rabbit entr\u00e9e , both of which were delicious . i had the squash blossom with the beer cheese appetizer and the duck for an entr\u00e9e , the duck was well cooked , but i regret not getting the lobster pasta , which the couple next to us had and said was delicious . the restaurant itself is small , so we were sitting very close to the couple next to us . but it ended up working out very well as we had a wonderful conversation with them and generally enjoyed ourselves . the staff is very attentive and the food was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! my friend and i split the lobster spaghetti and the ny strip steak . it 's definitely one of the best meals i 've ever had . the spinach and carrots were delicious . i 'd love to stop in early one evening for a drink at the bar and some oysters . i will definitely go back next time i 'm in montreal . next time i want to see if i can buy some of their steak sauce . so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reservations are a must here . we had an early reservation time and the place was fairly empty . i had the lobster spaghetti . it was very good and tasty . the service was great and everyone was very friendly and helpful with the menu . the menu was on a chalkboard and i had a hard time reading it so they were able to explain to us what was on the menu . the venue was dark and intimate with a cozy feel to it . i would come back here to have that lobster spaghetti again . it was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food in a low-key place . well-flavored , well cooked . nice staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "special occasion place for me due to high prices . joe beef is better", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one word . phenomenal . homemade cavatelli were amazing . dessert was heaven . incredible eating experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't get into joe beef , no problem . liverpool house saves the day ! lots of joe beef branded beer , horse tartar , oysters and lamb shank was beyond awesome . topped off a perfect day for me , hope it will for you , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for dinner during a business trip because joe beef was all booked . the restaurant was very cozy and had a rustic bar feel . the dining area was a bit crammed . tables are very close to one another and walking space was very narrow . our waitress was extremely helpful and attentive . we started with a salad and their foie gras sandwich . it was super rich and delicious . the combination of bacon , runny egg and foie was absolutely perfect . for main course we shared the liverpool steak and their famous lobster spaghetti . the steak was just ok , maybe it was the cut but was a bit fibrous . the lobster spaghetti was what spectacular like all other reviews attested to . the butter sauce coated every strand of pasta and piece of lobster so well it just hits the comfort spot . could not eat any dessert after the great meal and would definitely be back next time in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service and delicious food all round . not too crowded for 7pm on a saturday , we arrived with good timing to look at the chalkboard menu before anyone sat down at the table in front of it . the timing of the service was very well paced . waiters were not snooty about speaking english . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liverpool house is a sister restaurant for joe beef . we could n't get reservations to joe so we decided to eat here . it has the same lobster pasta so we gave it a try . i liked the pasta it was filled with creaminess that is not overpowering or cheesy . just the right amount . big pieces of lobsters made it very appetizing . the portion of pasta is huge . i ate all the lobster and then took the rest home . my friend got the duck but she did n't like the duck breast portion where it felt too raw . i liked it a lot ! ! we also had mushrooms and zucchini to share . nicely grilled with so much flavor . also shared the spreadable foi gras . it came with this buttery fat that i did n't really like but just wipe it off and it 's all good . overall good but drinks are expensive ! a glass of house wine is $ 16 gas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great atmosphere at this rustic eatery . it 's not fine dining but the food is excellent especially the desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried to get into joe beef ( right next door ) , but had to settle for a late reservation at the liverpool house . everything start to finish was excellent and this place is a must stop when you are in montreal . menu is on a blackboard in french , but the waiter was great about walking us through everything . we started with a cauliflower appetizer and brussels sprouts casino , both were great . for dinner we had the cheval ( horse ) and duck which were excellent . the toughest thing other than getting a reservation , was deciding what to eat , everything looked great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and service . my husband and i started with the duck sausage and horse tartare which were both delicious . we both ordered the quail for the main course , again , it did not disappoint . our trip was a few weeks ago so i do n't recall our choice of dessert but i remember thinking the choice was a good one ! this restaurant is not cheap but if you are going to go , i highly recommend doing it big to get the whole experience . we will definitely be recommending this restaurant to fellow travelers in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good tasty generous portions of food and a huge variety of tasty best quality ingredients but iam talking about the place when they have such a good reputation they can not jam people in one room no space to move , too bad because the food is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic place ... ..but 2.50 for bread and 1 microscopic cube of butter ? stay classy liverpool house", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was seated at the bar . bartender told me check out menu on a chalk board at the other side of the place w dim lighting . what service ! he recommended the hanger steak and joe beef beer . beer was good . parts of the steak was really tough . no problem with the price . some reviews mentioned condescending staff . maybe , but not important to me . am all about food . not coming back , bringing my money elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just left one of the worst meals of our life . my husband literally spit out his duck on the plate because it was so poorly prepared . as we are only in montreal for the weekend , we are extremely disappointed that this is now going to be our reference for food here . i highly recommend you do not eat here and go to the other restaurants that were recommended and i wish i had chosen instead . the restaurant overall was extremely expensive and the food was some of the worst we have ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another dentist put on some fillings and a crown in another city before i went to see dr. shim . both became dislodged in the same week , less than a year after they were put in place . dr. shim was able to see me , and replace ugly metal crown and filing with beautiful porcelain in about 2 hours . he was very deliberate and explained each step he was doing them . i hate getting shots in my mouth , but he was very careful and was the least painful shot in my mouth in a long time . i really appreciated it . he did n't try to upsell me on other services etc . i really felt like i had his attention the entire time i was there and he was extremely professional and efficient with my visit . i will definitely be going back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dental experience . dr. shim and entire staff have been amazing ! dr. shim explained each step as he went making it a more comfortable experience since sometimes you wonder what all is going on in your mouth as you hear the drilling and such . his staff was very helpful , kind , and understanding", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been going to ckornerstone for several years . my wife has great teeth with few problems . mine , on the other hand , are falling apart . i 've found that dr. shims agressive approach to dental care is very preventive orientated . he does dental work with speed and care . i have no problems with either dentist or hygenists who i 'm required to see four times a year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent customer service , dr. shim is kind & patient ! helped with a tooth ached that was bothering me & going in for fillings in a few days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. shim wanted to charge $ 181 for a 25 minute dental cleaning for my son ( which my son described as the worst he had ever had ) , a brief 1 minute exam , and several digital x-rays . when it was noted that this price seemed a bit excessive for the service provided , dr. shim began lecturing me on how i did n't understand how my insurance worked and that they actually wanted to bill the insurance company more ! no attempt to get him to focus on a reasonable cash price for the service was successful . he offered no further explanation of the pricing or any accommodation whatsoever for this concern . there was no apparent concern for the customers perception of the service or the firm . perhaps he provides some good dental work but there is a real lack of any concern for customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this dental office for three years , they have always been friendly and very knowledgable . i never have any issues with my insurance or care i get from them . my teeth are healthier thanks to them , doctor shim is very friendly and easy to ask questions , he gives detailed answers and makes it very easy to understand what he is saying . i have moved away from the office but still take the time to drive here instead of finding something closer to home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great pnc location if you 're in southside . the staff is very friendly , and i 've never had to stand in a long line . we 've opened up new accounts here , done standard transactions , and had cashier 's checks cut here . all with minimum fuss . there 's also an atm outside if you 're looking for a pnc atm during off hours . i definitely prefer this location to the other ss location on 18th & carson . less people in the bank , and less people outside of the bank asking you for money when you leave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location from pnc is never too busy which is a huge plus being as how it is right next to where we live . i think the location near 18th st gets a lot busier and this end of carson stays less hectic ( which is why we i like it here i suppose ) . already having pnc accounts separately made it super easy to just have a joint account added for us . minimal wait as the guy who was supposed to help us was not there , but one of the tellers stepped in and did it . a+ !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best bank branch in the city . yes , they 're part of the pnc giant but the staff here are just a great bunch . we bank here for our business and they really are nice and they know me by name . josh and andy are always helpful and unlike every other bank they turnover is low . all in all the only pnc i will go into .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pnc bank has the worst customer service ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , serving sizes medium , prices are good . i especially enjoyed the tea , which is by the pot and the server puts on a kind of show of serving the tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good food . loved their couscous and kebab platters . starting with a moroccan tea was an excellent idea . if you are so hungry and not willing to wait for some time for food , you may want to try this place sometime when you feel less hungry or willing to wait some time . great service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , amazing food . we had the beef and chicken kebabs . absolutely recommend . exceptional service . the chef owner loves to interact with the customers . he told us that he goes to the market every day to deliver fresh ingredients . his dedication to his restaurant is very apparent . our waitress was very sweet as well . overall amazing experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since the new folks have taken over its really gone downhill . the store is dirty , and they do n't have enough staff . while buying flowers yesterday there was n't anyone at the flower check out , but there were two employees nearby complaining about their personal lives .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as a nw transplant , i was disappointed when i saw that the von 's in my neighborhood was now a haggen . i would n't shop there when i lived in up north , and i wo n't shop there now . the store was completely dead on a weekday late afternoon right before dinner . i walked through the product dept . to check prices ... omg . exorbitantly high prices on basic fruits and veggies . the meat was even worse . i paid $ 4 for a gallon of milk and we went out that night ... .probably cheaper than buying food to prepare a meal based on what i saw .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when it changed from vons to haggens i did n't even notice when i walked in except the prices were higher and there was less staff . i 've found moldy produce , produce priced higher than whole foods , and had to wait a long time for someone to show up at the meat counter . not happy with the change ... . i see a lot less shoppers in the store and a big drop in how many employees they have working at any given time . i 'm changing where i do my shopping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "floral department is a joke ! nothing out everything is left in the back . the worst selection ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really love this food chain market . i have always preferred quality in meats especially . the meat department has extremely nice butchers . they always help me to make the best selection . people must realize that anything of quality is expensive & is good for you . i understand the sudden change but at least you have choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , this is a first for me , an update of an update . just learned today that haggen will be closing all their vegas stores by end of november , so this store is history . this company apparently way overexpanded and is now in bankruptcy . this stupid store was only at the vons location for about a year ! and now they 're gone . so the question now is : what will take its place at this location ? stay tuned ! as soon as i know , i 'll update again ! i hope it 's a store that 'll stay put for more than ... .uh ... a year ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg love love love this place especially tikka she always does such a great job and her customer service is amazing ! ! i love her ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called them today to redeem a groupon and the person talked to me like i was a complete idiot . apparently the person who does groupons has n't been there in over a year , even though i purchased the one i have this month . the first time i called over the weekend , i got a beeping noise like they were on dial-up internet . i do n't know what his her problem is , but i do not need anyone to say `` who is your operator ? who . is . your . operator . '' when i have never been to the salon and no one calls stylists `` operators '' in texas or virginia . screw this place , their fake groupons , and their horrible manners .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very happy with the nail service provided . tikka is amazing . she took her time and did my nails perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing but goodness here chicken was off the hook and the goat head soup was on point never had better ... great service and food loved it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , the food here is very bland . the rice and peas is nothing more than exactly that.. rice and peas . no spice or flavour of coconut milk to it . the chicken flavour was bland ( i had the jerk chicken ) , and was given an extra piece of chicken in lieu of cole slaw . to be honest , i would 've preferred the cole slaw instead . the gravy was sweet . i 've never had jerk chicken that was on the sweet side , but i was very unimpressed . i was happy to hear a jerk chicken place so close to home , but after my experience , i wo n't be returning . not to mention the customer service was extremely disappointing . i was in line , and the server addressed the african-american patrons behind me before dealing with me first . i could n't believe it in this day and age . i 'll never return after this experience , nor will i visit any other locations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this subway location . it is always clean and the staff has been consistent for quite a long time . they are quick in preparing the sandwiches and are somewhat patient when customers do n't know what they want . you may know my pet peeve , flies , i do n't recall any problems while visiting this subway . i highly recommend this location for a health sandwich when you 're in the neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purchased tuna sub which tasted par for the course being from subway . however , one of the two cookies with my combo had a hair baked into it . unfortunately i did not notice until i had eaten half the cookie . very disgusted and disappointed in this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's subway , so you know what to expect . however , some subways are better than others , and this is one of the better ones . it 's always clean and the owner seems to be on the ball . and they always have those chocolate chip cookies ready ( not the case for every subway . ) the only reason for the four stars opposed to five is the constant turnover for employees , which can make ordering slow at times because someone new is often being trained . overall , if you 're looking for a clean and reliable subway , this location should be considered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had an absolutely stellar experience at all smiles . i finally got dental insurance , and made an appointment based on alicia 's review . it helps that it 's right down the street from my house too ! everyone was just great . the hygienist was sweet and chatty , and let 's just say the dentist is n't too hard on the eyes , ladies ... . he has some beautiful blue eyes ! i am just so pleased with the cleaning and service i received . i will recommend all smiles dental to anybody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr smith is one of the best dentists in the valley . really takes his time and does it right the first time . i would n't recommend anyone else or trust anyone else with my teeth . if you are looking for a good dentist he is worth the drive from anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once was a five star now a no star . the office is sending my 50 dollar balance to collections without even asking me about my situation . who does this ? ? no smiles here as far as i can see . i have a referral for any one interested .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent practice , staff , doctor and hygiene ! ! ! most informative visit i have ever had as a new patient ! ! especially liked the modern 3d image system.. all i can say is excellent ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bbq chicken in town . cheap and really quick . i do n't know how they do it , but i 've never had as good rotisserie chicken anywhere , anytime . the fries - one of the best in the city . golden brown . amazing with ketchup or with their amazing sauce or even in a poutine . ( i 'm getting hungry just thinking about it ) want a quick and awesome meal , go there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rotisserie chicken as good as it gets . we went in the take out entry door , which was a bit sketchy , and the inside decor is straight out of the greasy spoon '50s , but that is meant to invite you not deter you . ordered the half chicken so i would n't have to choose between white and dark ( ha ) . the waitress was super friendly and attentive . we enjoyed our meal . i had coconut cream pie for dessert , the piece was small but just the size for after a huge meal . it was very good value for money . we will certainly go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the second best bbq chicken in town still deserves a 5 star rating in my books . although i 'm a bigger fan of chalet bbq and still a huge fan of cote-st-luc bbq as well . this place has been here since the early 50 's and it still packs them in . like i mentioned in my review of chalet bbq , i 'm sure they have a menu and i 'm sure they have plenty of great things on it but who needs it , just order the double leg dinner with fries and coleslaw and you 're good to go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "almost as good as chalet bbq . great takeout but delivery tends to take forever . restaurant is pleasant , clean and waitresses have been there forever and know everything about the menu . they are n't reinventing the wheel so do n't search the menu for anything new or innovative but they make a mean quarter leg dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with the first two reviews on this restaurant . the rotisserie chicken falls off the bone and is jam packed with flavor on the outside and juicy in the inside . the fries although more on the soft side are delicious . the atmosphere is classic diner style but must say the service differentiates them . our waitress karina had to be one of the friendliest people i 've met , which added to the whole feeling of ease about the place allowing you to that much deeply enjoy the rich flavor of your chicken dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude rude customer service ! ! ! ! when i called everyone had attitude and put me on hold for long periods of time just to say i 'm sorry one hour wait time complete ridiculousness will never call again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shocked to see 5 stars from past reviewers . my 1 4 chicken breast lunch ( delivered ) was average . dry chicken just did n't appeal , and it does n't inspire any more time than this for the review . 3 stars for that meal is generous , probably influenced by others ' strong reviews . i 'll give it another chance sometime , hoping that this one was an anomaly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was not great . mac n cheese tasted like kd lol . poutine was fine same with the chicken plate . service abt akward to be honest..n the dirty glass what a topping on the cake lol.. ps this place is filled with old people and babies .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing food + affordable ( great for when you 're ordering for many individuals ) . sauce is superb . always a dependable choice when you need a good meal ... fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my delivery of quarter chicken leg and two leg meals came with a generous side of fries , some gravy , and an added grilled vegetables order . overall nothing stood out , it reminded me of swiss chalet , and nothing made me think to remember the place for future visits or orders . the quality was as expected for the price point .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time here for my mom 's 92nd birthday . great food great service and everything fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why does the line cook who handles the foodnot use gloves ! ? ! ? is this not illegal ? for delivery , wait times are ridiculous - even in winter , 1 hour to receive food that is a 10min drive away , and arrives cold . not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i usually order the family chicken pack and it 's good , they give a good serving of fries and gravy . they tend to forget the sour cream when ordering baked potatoes and unfortunately their chicken wrap is really gross and soggy ( ate half of it and gave up )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't ever deliver food here . i ordered for myself only but it took more than an hour . it was just a dinner.. not like a family meal . never ordering here again ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can i say , they do chicken good ! i 've seen some negative reviews but i 'm a big fan of managed expectations . this is not fancy , it 's not renovated , it 's not 5 star service . however , it 's good service and really good food . i really think this place delivers on giving you what you pay for . the chicken is hands down the best in the city , always perfectly cooked . the chicken soup is phenomenal ... .and you ca n't beat the price . you get a great delicious meal for a pretty small amount of $ $ considering what you get . and the fries are soooooooo good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good chicken ! good french fries ! order to takeout as the waitress serving stinks ! and i have to go for dinner early as a turtle moves faster ! michael elman", "score": "4"}
{"review": "semi-decent park , large grassy area , lighted basketball courts . great if you want to have a picnic with children under 5 . or if your a teen looking for a place , like the `` up stairs '' to use drugs and deface property . no wet play area . limited parking . no dog area either ! ! not much shade at all ! ! ! looks like once again , tons of wasted space and money . henderson needs real people on the parks planning committee . people who actually have families and use public parks !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great park to bring your little ones , big grassy areas to play all kinds of sports with your kids or have a nice picnic .with clean cover benches and bbq grills .well lighted walk path awesome for jogging with benches all around the park for just enjoying the day .even tho this park has the doggie bags this is not a dog park or skater park if that 's what you want go to hidden falls park right behind vons . i was at the meeting when they plan this park and it was said that this park was n't gon na have splash pad and dog area so too bad if you are disappointed regardless of the last review saids this is a great park in a great neighborhood for the whole family the upper deck it 's awesome just enjoy the breeze wile your kiddies play .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walk here every morning with the dogs . the grass is green and well kept . swings and slides and an observation tower . you need to bring your own binoculars though , apparently the neighbors complained and they had to take out the telescope . two fields for football soccer or whatever field sports you want . two short or one full size basketball court . there is cleanliness issues sometimes , but that goes on the people using the park . clean up after yourself . couple graffiti incidents and someone decided it would be fun to smash one of the child toys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very concerned that speeding cars , trucks and motorcycles pay no attention to the posted speed of 35 . this park is always busy when school is out . the basketball courts are used late into the night . there is no end to the sound of rattling engines and vulgar expletives . i agree with other comments regarding shade , the water pad and disrespectful human markings of graffiti , trash and rocks out of their designated path . everything worth having is worth the time and effort to maintain . if that is not in henderson 's plan then bulldoze it now and allow the slugs free reign .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a relatively small park , but many of the essentials are there , including a basketball court , barbecue , play area for kids , swing set , and grassy field . on the flip side , it lacks a dog park and water pad , and the parking is very limited . as someone who lives walking distance from this park , i 'm happy to have something attractive in what used to be an ugly , empty field . it may not be a full-service park , but those who live in the area seem to like it , as it often has more people than o'cal down the street . because it is such a new construction ( 2015 ) , all of the facilities are new and in good shape . the lights along the perimeter will automatically turn on as you 're walking through the park at night . it 's a nice addition to the neighborhood , despite being on the small side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a brisket sandwich here that was so delicious ! i typically do n't like barbecue sauce on my meats , but the sauce on my sandwich was just right ! there was plenty of meat too ! my husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich . they forgot the cole slaw on the sandwich , but we did n't find out until he had already driven home . ugh . they said they would give him another sandwich when we called and spoke to kiki , but who wants to drive back ? oh well . but , he did say it was yummy . as for their sides , we ordered mac & cheese , beans , and fries . beans were great and i 'm not a bean fan . fries were yum ! they were big and cheap . mac & cheese had no flavor . it was the most bland mac & cheese ever ! salt and pepper could n't fix it . skip on that ! i would definitely go back here to try more of their menu items , just be sure to check your items before leaving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , just like everyone else in vegas nobody listens . ordered a brisket sandwich and was given pulled pork . took one bite and threw it away . was n't what i asked for . went 10 minutes before close today , and although i felt slightly rushed i now know they just wanted to leave . could n't even be bothered to listen to what i ordered . ca n't rate the food bc i threw it away . going to get poke next door , they never mess up my order . doubtful i will return . unfortunately my diet gives me 1 cheat meal , this was a waste of time . i did try the red potato salad . pretty bland , i 've made better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally a decent sandwich shop around my house ! no more subway jersey mike 's , panera or any chain sandwich places ! ! ! this little sandwich spot is connected to a butcher shop so you can only imagine how tasty the meat is . they have such a variety of sandwiches to choose from and everything from the pulled pork to the crispy fish sandwich was beyond spectacular . also have a few different house coleslaw 's that you could choose from , or you could go with their signature house french fry just a cut i 've never seen before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place when it was in the old location , they where fast and great quality . well now i 'm the new location , it seems they have no clue on how to run their bigger location . 1 guy to take orders , and he 's the same guy that makes the sandwiches . it 's been 30 mins and still no sandwiches . so if your in a hurry do n't come here ! this makes me sad because they make good subs but when we are late to getting back to work it 's very upsetting ! and the guy is taking his sweet time like he does n't know how to make them . not his fault , i 'm assuming the manager does n't know how to staff a full service deli . maybe in 6 months i 'll try again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is good . but i almost walked out . there is 1 person working and a line of people . that 1 person is the one that takes the orders and makes the sandwiches . i 've been here 15 minutes and he 's just now starting to make my sandwich . do not come here if you are in a hurry . also ... when dishing out samples ( at least 3 ) he reached into the case , handled the spoons and served the samples with no gloves on . thankfully he put them on to make the sandwiches . finally got home with my to go order and the order is all wrong ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chip off the old block ! it 's a butcher shop and an amazing place to get your protein in after the gym or a long day of work ! environment : very clean and spacious floor plan . a little too spacious since my little guy was running all over the place lol . it has a mom and pop feel to the place , which gives it a lot of character . food : my family and i ordered the pulled pork egg rolls and the bacon cheddar fries . the bacon cheddar fries were mediocre . the pulled pork egg rolls , amazing ! a must try when eating here ! it 's a pork bbq heaven rolled in a crispy shell . the main entree , i ordered the wagyu beef burger . 8 10 very tender and flavorful . mine was a bit overcooked . i would order again ! my wife ordered , a classic burger . she gives it an 8 10 . succulent and juicy . she would try something else the next time around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have gone here a couple times since the butcher block has reopenned down the street . they have a wide array of hot and cold sandwiches as well as some hot apps and some hot and cold sides . i have had the french dip which was very good and the grilled cheese on texas toast which was really good as well . the burger was great and the fries are unique and tasty . overall this is a great deli for lunch and probably better than capriottis down the street . i will be a frequent patron . service- the service on the deli side can leave a little to be desired . the deli opened only a bit ago so we should give them a little time to get it together .both times i have been orders were a little screwed up and the food took a while to get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was so delicious ! everything tasted so fresh and homemade and came out in a short time . i had the tri tip with the red potato salad and my husband has the reuben with their fries . both we sooo good . the cashier [ did n't get her name : ( ] was so sweet and helpful with her recommendations . will definitely be back and recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bbq bacon burger was delicious ! patty melt was tasty . mac and cheese was really good . mac salad was ok . the french fries were really good . we will be back to try more of the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious burgers and pulled pork ! ! ! ! ! so worth it ! i love the restaurant on one side and the fresh meat selection on the other side . killer fries !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so excited for a great new lunch spot near work . had the tri-tip sandwich and it was amazing . ate the mac and cheese as a side - great flavor , but a little bit runny for mac and cheese . eager to try many things on the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow wow wow . the lady in charge was incredible it 's nice seeing a deli still place make it , she was very helpful , explained everything and recommended three different item . brisket tri tip pulled pork . three guys so we chose all three my favorite was the pulled pork unreal flavors , was nice enough to bring us 5 samples of all different salads etc this place is the spot to eat bbq . ck them out and i heard new locations in henderson soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sorry to say this place was a big disappointment . my buddy and i went in on a sunday morning for 2 sandwiches and side of cole slaw ... ... we were the only ppl in the place and it took 30 mins to get 2 sandwiches ... ... .while checking out my buddy wanted a pickle which was $ 1.00 ... ... he gave her a $ 5 bill but she had no change ... ... after waiting an additional 5 mins for change we finally just walked out with our $ 5 pickle . got home and had two very average sandwiches on bread that was fresh but no crust or bite to it ... ... and who puts dijonaise on a $ 14 `` gourmet italian sub '' ? sorry guys hope your burgers are better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we often visit their durango location and decided to give their second location a try . i ordered a pulled pork sandwich with fries a loaded skins . they did not disappoint ! ! ! ! the brisket on the skins melted in my mouth and had so much flavor ! the restaurant was clean and the employees were super nice . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this sandwich shop butcher is a find . came in ordered the pull pork sandwich it did not disappoint . so tasty no salt or pepper needed also it was so big i had to take home half of it . if you like coleslaw you must try the pineapple coconut coleslaw yummy . over on the butchers side there were all kind for fresh meat ready go . from aging beef to sea food . the staff and owner are very friendly . it was nice to have someone take the time to make me feel welcomed i will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best deli sandwiches in this area of town , arguably one of the best in the city ! ! top quality meats smoked in house and prepared the way you want . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let 's start with the fact that i love the butcher side of this store , but the deli side is a f c king disaster . i waited in line for 20 minutes for them to get the customer in front of me a rack of ribs and half a pound of pulled pork . i would advise that people avoid the deli side . that is until they get there act together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decided to check this place out for lunch and i was not disappointed . there is a small dine-in area and a wide variety of hot & cold sandwiches , salads ( per lb ) and sides . i had the alaskan sole fish sandwich with red potato salad . the fish was perfect and juicy & i definitely recommend the red potato salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best burger i 've had in a long time , and friendly staff . i definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant butcher just opened and the high expectations i had for a deli in a butcher shop were definitely met . i ordered the pulled pork sandwich and without sounding hyperbolic it really was the best sandwich i 've ever had . my side was the macaroni and cheese and again , some of the best mac and cheese i 've had . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really excited to try this place but ended up being very disappointed , both burgers we ordered ended up being burnt , like pretty much inedible . giving two stars because the loaded potato skins were pretty tasty", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome sandwiches , burgers and deli selections . this place i 'm sure will be featured on the food network soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here there were 4 of us and we all got different things . everything was delicious . the meat on the sandwiches was perfect . the fries were some of the best i had and the service was great . i highly recommend this deli ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bbq is great , and here at chip off the block they do a pretty good job at capturing it . so far i 've had tri tip and brisket sandwiches , and also baby back ribs , all very good . not too overpowering with the sauce . make sure to try their fries too , they are welcome break from the traditional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here i came here be for and got some fresh meat at the butcher block for a bbq they was telling me they are going to start serving sandwiches on the other side i said cool i be back to try it out.. so i am here everything look so good ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time in and i was disappointed that they did n't get my order right . i had ordered a sandwich with white sharp cheddar cheese and it came with yellow . in addition to the dijonnaise that was already on the sandwich , i asked for mayonnaise as well , because there is nothing worse than a dry sandwich . after removing the cheese that i did not like , i still found it to be dry , although the it could have been really tasty if it had included the ingredients i ordered . next time i will have to be more clear when i order . the young man who was working was not very personable and i immediately got the feeling that he did not get it right . i chalked it up to the fact that he probably had a long day and was tired , as it was almost 8 p.m. not the greatest first impression , but i might try it again , especially when i 'm not in a rush to get to the airport .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here after a long day . i normally go next door to sweet poke but did n't feel like sushi tonight . i wanted a green chile burger but they did n't have so i got the blue cheese burger and their fries . super yummy . you can tell this is a quality burger with fresh toppings . i was a little taken aback by the mustard ( little too much for me ) but the flavors were all still there . the staff - well - they need to go next door and take a lesson from the butcher side ( happy , smiley , knowledgeable , friendly ) because no smiles , when i asked questions the face said it all . my son did say it best - when you get food that actually looks like the picture and yummy - i guess it 's ok to be sour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sandwich heaven ! fresh cut boar 's head meats and plenty of options for hot food . love the burgers and the pastrami is legit as well . go here if you 're hungry , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the brisket sandwich and the bbq egg rolls . both were delicious , but my wife especially enjoyed the egg rolls . also , the attached butcher shop ( or is the deli attached ? ) was neat and had some cuts i do n't normally see at smith 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad they opened a deli ! these guys really know what they 're doing . i had a pastrami rueben on white bread . it was stacked high with good quality pastrami and the battered 'fries ' were awesome . they serve a variety of dr. browns soda 's , which are hard to come by these days . the only thing i would suggest they do would be the get a smoker and start smoking grilling their meats in front of the shop . it would be great to stop off on the way home and pick up a cooked tri-tip for dinner ( or ribs , hot links , etc. ) . the smell driving by would generate more traffic , too . people do n't want to grill or smoke ( meats ) during these hot vegas summers . it would just be an added bonus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! we tried the french dip and the trip tip sandwiches , both really tastey . the french fries are like a thick curly fry and also very good . great variety of meats and cheeses in the deli , after we ate our sandwiches and sampled some of the salad options ( i 'd highly recommend you try the broccoli salad and the macaroni salad ) we bought some fresh sliced pepperoni and mozzarella . we will definitely be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happy to finally have a great sandwich spot close to home . the brisket and french dip sandwiches are amazing and will have you going back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a reuben and realized when i got home that i had received a pastrami ( not corned beef as it should have been ) and swiss sandwich with sourkraut and no dressing . i had to whip up a batch of dressing while my food sat on the table getting cold in order to make it edible . the bread was also drenched in butter for whatever reason ... gross ! probably the worst reuben i have ever had . the fries were good at least , but that 's not what i paid $ 11 for . first and last visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh , sandwiches were decent . we both ordered the mac and cheese as sides and there was literally 3 bites in the each tiny cup . why even bother making that a side option if you 're going to be so stingy ? ! that just upsets customers seeing that 's what they paid for ( i 've read a few other reviews stating the same thing . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem & soooo amazing ! it 's very clean , the food ( subs ) tasted so good and honestly is the best sandwich i 've had in a long time . they have great options for sides , and they carry dr browns soda which is kind of unique . marcella was our cashier she has the long black hair and red lipstick , sweetest woman in the world and she made the experience that much better . looking forward to getting meat at the butcher block for my future bbq 's ! ! ! ! & the price was extremely fair ! $ 10 a sub or so , which i could only eat half in one sitting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm obsessed with all of the sides , burgers and sandwiches in the deli portion of this place . everything is constantly fresh and never disappoints . they have a fully equipped butcher shop with phenomenal filet mignon jerky ( it 's to die for ) and other choices of jerky . it 's also a place to find rare meats and cuts that are difficult to get at that level of freshness ! definitely a place to check out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gone downhill . used to have good salads but they are made poorly now and often out of stock . i show up early so do n't tell me they just sell a lot . went in recently and their bananas were all over-ripe . i am going to find another source for my quick lunch grab because this place has let me down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staff is very friendly . store is clean . they keep the floors dry when the snow melting on everyones shoes should be a challenge . pumps seem to have clean filters , and pump quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bakery is sooooo good . it 's amazing , really . the cashiers are always very friendly as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service & i got a bad batch of yogurt , so i called the manager and told her and she told me it was my fault cause i did n't test the yogurt out before i bought it ... . i always get the same thing so i did n't feel the need to test it out ... .. so i wasted 6 bucks on a cup of crappy spoiled yogurt ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "five stars for yogurt actually taste like yogurt , not ice cream . five stars for having amazing flavors such as taro , mango , strawberry ... yes , taro ! ! ! i have n't found another place that has taro flavor fro yo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to charlotte from nyc and was so pumped to find a self-serve frozen yogurt place that is comparable to what i find in nyc ! they have about 12 or so flavors including white chocolate , cheesecake , mango and my favorite cookies and cream . they have a variety of toppings including mochi that i am always craving whenever i get frozen yogurt ! it 's reasonably priced . i can get my fill and split with a friend for less than $ 3.00 . it 's never full there , so i love that i do n't have to wait in line !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so good , they have a great selection of flavors and they are cheaper than the tcby upstairs . their fruit toppings are always fresh ( i 've been here twice ) and the candy selection is awesome . what really won me over was their sweet and condesed milk syrup they have it 's so delicious and unique . place is neat and clean and the staff is friendly . go here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though the bartenders and our waitress were super friendly , the service was really slow , and it seemed like there were just vegas locals here . whoa ! everyone knew each other and i felt out of place . that 's what i get for visiting my vegas friends ! oh ... the food ? it was ok . i ordered buffalo wings . i think domino 's is better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally stopped in for lunch after driving by for 4 years ! food was good , beer was cold , but the service left room for improvement . i wanted to love it , love local watering holes , but there was one bartender who was also waiting tables and that did n't work well for a sunday afternoon . otherwise , i 'd say it 's a 4-star joint !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it has gotten better since they got rid of the creepy bartender , paul . one time , we thought he had died in the back . it turns out he was outside crying for an hour and a half ... seriously", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have been to bilbo 's twice now and had fun both times . they have one pool table , one shuffleboard-sand table game , and 2 dart boards . it has tables on the other side for people who want to be waited on ... but we have not gone that route . the bartender has been the same both times we have gone and he was always super nice to me ... even willing to make shots of `` something yummy '' for me when i was n't sure of the flavor i was in the mood for at the time . we felt like the service was good and the prices were normal , with some beer deals if you like what is on special . we live close and will definitely go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried bilbo 's for the first time this weekend . spent many years driving past it to go to work . wanted to try their food since i 've seen specials before . upon entering , i must say the place was extremely clean . might be one of the cleanest bars in town . the menu was nothing special . no steaks or chicken . just burgers , appetizers & salads . had the chef salad . the salad was fresh . had tons of tomatoes ( which i was very happy about ) , but did not have any personality to it . was just an average plate . prices slightly higher than what i would like . $ 16 for a sampler platter for them seems a bit high . this is n't claim jumper . service was decent . not under-attentive or overly friendly . but it was not a weak point . maybe if you want a place that is clean , well lit , & knock down some suds , this could be your spot . if you are seeking dinner , this is not the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to be my local bar with friendly staff . ive heard its gone down hill since a change of management , big shame .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typical bar , nothing spectacular . we ordered wings and some sandwiches . the sandwiches were fine , but the wings were that special . the service was okay , but we had a brand new waitress and we were her first table that she waited . i 'd go back , but just probably would n't go out of my way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going to bilbos on charleston for 8 years i love it there and love my bartender shes the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely a local 's joint . lots of sports viewing . happy hour menu is cheap . you definitely are getting what you pay for here , which is n't much . i did n't expect much from bilbo 's , but was disappointed nonetheless . why ? the service stunk . really . we waited an adequate amount of time for my beer , which i spotted on the bar -- yet the one server working did n't bring it to the table . my partner kindly fetched it for me . [ i was thirsty . ] worse , she did n't even notice that i had it in hand when she brought our tepid , poorly prepared food . fail . advice : go to bilbo 's for drinks only and sit at the bar . if you do anything else , its your own damn fault .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place . i gave it a try about once every couple months , but every time they would disappoint me . on sunday mornings with perhaps two other people in here , the waiter and bar tender spend more time watching whatever game is on tv than checking to see if you want to order a drink or food . when you do finally order , expect to wait until half time or the end of the game before you get what you asked for . i also gave their `` wall '' challenge a go as well , and made it a point to stop by after work three days in a row . unfortunately , each day they could n't find my card and i had to start over , by the third day i gave up and just never went back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really want to love this place as it has shuffle board , pool table and darts ... ..including a younger crowd , some good beer specials . but whats the point of good beer specials when you have to wait 20 minutes at the bar to either get a drink or close , out , so annoying ... .service from the one particular bar man is awful he seems more intent drinking with a couple of the regulars rather than actually doing his job and serving .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were planning on going to bj 's , but the wait was a bit too long . my dad and a friend had hit this place up in january and he loved it . knowing my dad 's tastes , i figured we could get some decent bar food here . we were right . had a salad and nachos . salad was fresh , but very basic , and the nachos were standard pub nachos ( cheese sauce and all ) . unlike the other reviews , we found the service pretty good , but then we were the only people not sitting at the bar . we were also the only ones that were not regulars ( or so we think ) . the review would be higher except the beer prices were outrageous . $ 5 for a pint of smithwicks , and $ 4.75 for sam adams summer ale ... yikes . looks like it would be a good place for a game , lots of tv 's and there happy hour ( 3-7pm m-f ) may be worth it ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dr. peterson is good , my complaint is with his office , so we were told that we will be given all the paperwork needed to put in a claim with our insurance , well once the procedure was done the only invoice you get is a generic invoice giving you the total of what you paid . apparently that is not good enough and you need medical codes that this office will not give , but past that , the dr himself is pretty good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found dr peterson on the internet ... . outstanding ... . he did more for me in a week ( and for less money than the joke of obamacare ) than a breast care specialist did in over 8 months ... i am very pleased with the entire setup of a set price for the entire procedure ( no hidden costs ) and the professionalism of kari and the whole staff ! my husband will be having a procedure there next week ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a bilateral inguinal surgery in 2013 . i immediately started to have sharp stabbing pain from mesh . i did a google search and saw how many people are getting damaged by mesh . i look for the best doctor to remove my mesh and dr. petersen name always came up as one of the best doctors to remove mesh . dr. petersen removed one of the mesh 4 months after mesh was put in and he removed the other side this year ( 2 2017 ) . the pain was immediately gone . dr petersen has given me back my life . i highly recommend him for mesh removals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived as a single female and was told they 'd let me in , but that i was not allowed to talk to any other customers . rather than take measures to ensure solicitation does not occur without impacting all customers experience ( male and female ) , they 'd rather take an all or nothing approach and send an unnecessary message putting the onus onto the customer and negatively impacting their experience . it 's a poor way to run a business and not one i 'd choose to spend money at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have n't been back yet , but this is a follow up to my review . ten or 12 days after my visit where i had to give them my drivers license with the credit card i get a letter from that credit card bank . seems like there was suspicious activity on the card and they issued me a new card ! its one thing to get a phone call from the fraud security people and its a completely whole new level of wtf when the bank says - lets just issue the new card and tell him to hurry up and activate it ... ... ... ... i suppose it could be pure coincidence that this place `` needed '' my drivers license and then a week or two later the fraud activity happens ... ... or not !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so ... considering the wife has now written her review i think that allows me to write mine : ) . went here for a business lunch a few months ago and was leery of it for obvious reasons . drove up to the place with my colleagues and the place was packed for lunch . paid the $ 10 cover which was for the lunch and was seated at the table in the back of the room near the food . food was great and what i had heard about it prior was backed up by the food i ate ... one of the best buffets in town ( food wise ... ha ) . service was spot on and non intrusive . you 'll see everything here . women and men meeting for business . guys in suits indulging in the `` non-food buffet '' and pretty ladies . overall ... great spot charlotte , though i have nothing to compare it to in town . . for info on that i 'll need to continue to read jay r 's reviews ! ha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually i really like this place and go often but i had a rotten experience here last night that has ruined my opinion of this place forever . i went with a friend at night and ordered drinks . i gave a card and id for my tab and my friend paid for drinks with cash as he got them . at the end of the night my friend checked out and then i paid the bill . i then found out that our waitress was billing my friends drinks to my tab while she 's pocketing cash from my friend . i had to sign for the bill and the manager essentially told me to take a long walk off a short pier . usually this place quite good but at night it turns to a den of thieves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a beautiful , clean establishment with beautiful entertainment . be sweet to the girls , and they will return the kindness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ... i work alot , want time and want what i want no questions asked . delivered what i needed and good relax time . perfect place to chill with no pressure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boring ! not a single pole in the place so the girls amble on to the stage as if they just woke up . they walk from one side of the stage to the next doing nothing because they might trip and break the ankle . there is no pole on the stage thus nothing to hold on to to try to bust some moves . this place is pretentious and over priced . the girls there have no talent and do n't really care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced . food was okay . a bit boring better clubs in the area , waitresses are rude and dont seem to smile much-hey management when i come to a strip joint i want to see young hot waitresses serving me-not miserable 50 year old women who are out of shape . hire new girls they are rude !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best club anywhere ! i travel the county and i 've been to plenty . but ever since i stepped into the men'sclub in charlotte , i ca n't go to another one . they spoiled me . i even try to make long layovers in charlotte just so i can go . food is really good . and they might even make something not in the menu . ( i really wanted a grilled cheese one night ) . management is awesome . very friendly . waitress was wonderful . ask for heidi . i never have an empty glass . she takes care of me like i am her only customer . she 'll do the same for you . dancers are beautiful . all of them . really can not go wrong . i am particular to gia . she 's awesome . do n't just stay downstairs . spend some money and try the upstairs . it 's worth it . try to go on the third wednesday of the month . it 's half price bottles upstairs . best deal ever ! ! ! best club in charlotte or anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here twice . both times i was forced to pay for breakfast even though i did n't want it . both times they refused to actually give me the breakfast after i paid for it . keep in mind , we 're talking about a bunch of powdered eggs here . not exactly a five course meal at the ritz . also keep in mind most patrons are spending a few hundred dollars apart from the $ 10 breakfast . otherwise , generally sub par club . would avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` you 're lucky your signature matches your id '' ... ... .. says the bartender ( anne ) after you just left a $ 60 tip for her , and way after they 've taken an id and credit card from you the second you walk in . no good deed goes unpunished , apparently . i 'd skip this place , not what it once was .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place i 've ever been to no service or women . i would never come in this place ever again . women are not attractive and staff is even worse . beer is almost $ 8 with no girls in sight . what a joke . this place is the worst place i 've ever been to and i 've been all over the world .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the club is above average in appearance for this kind of establishment . we had dinner , the skirt steak was great , the fried shrimp was a let down . they were flattened out and tough . now about the dancers , wow what a let down . pretty much the same old tattooed and pierced dancers from all the other clubs . hard to find one to get a dance . most of them had the attitude of an `` artist '' than a stripper . there were a couple of fun attractive girls , but it was disappointing to see the average strippers at an above average club . after we ate we went somewhere else . we came back about two hours later and the place stunk of vomit . hard to believe someone got that drunk on the overpriced watered down drinks . i 've been to many stripclubs and this was not the worst , but far from the best . lots of potential maybe a change in management or ownership would help . sorry but my dollars will be spent where my business is appreciated !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite club in charlotte . great food & drink and an excellent selection of ladies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not really impressed by this place . i was only in there for about half a hour . then i bounced . i had more fun , at paper dolls . from some reason , this place does n't excite . maybe , i just went on the wrong night or something .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this establishment is definitely worth checking out - it has a 4 star restaurant that 's open until 1am ! not a lot of places have excellent food including prime filet and lobster until that late at night - they also have a beautiful wonderful friendly staff - my favorite waitress is jen - she 's prompt , courteous - always made sure my drinks were full , and informed me of all the amenities in the place - she was friendly so it was really fun to go into a brand new place and have someone so informative and courteous . i was definitely taken care of in this place and upstairs is amazing - they have a huge wine and champagne selection - vip is classy clean and comfortable . i recommend checking out this place any day night of the week and make sure you ask for my favorite waitress - jen - she will make sure you have an awesome amazing time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like there wednesday buffet a little of everything even desserts look great , my biggest complaint is if you get like tea or coke like 3 bucks and comes out in small glasses and the dam nazis charge for refills , one would think we 'll ill drink water but it 's the same thing wtf . what 's up for a buck boom", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the place , very friendly staff and definitely the hottest girls in town . nonpushy girls which is a big plus . very classy and clean , definitely not your typical strip club . the food is very good and reasonably priced . check it out , you wo n't be sorry ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i had a .5 star system it would probably be 2.5.. i came here after the club to get some of their `` amazing '' breakfast ... and since i was there might as well see what they offer entertainment wise . it was actually a let down . i believe some other venues had a more worthy note and memorable moments for me , but this one was n't . the food was okay , i honestly do say that it is really over hyped . or i think it was just whoever came here were drunk . and what really surprised me was that there was no pole dancing ! for a club like this , and no pole ? interesting . i think this is probably the first and last time i come here because it was over priced and honestly , i felt it was n't worth my while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beware ... .if you go to this strip club ... ..you will get robbed by david , carlos , or joffe ... managers and floor man pimp certain girls out in the club ... girls are giving them almost all their money for putting them with a customer and they also overcharge your credit card to their personal benefit ... several lawsuits pending due to fraud ... .be careful ... .you have been warned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a big fan of american and especially charlotte strip clubs . had my full of the canadian ballet when i lived on the border at the ontario drinking age of 19 and that was 1000x better . i am also really not a fan of strip clubs that serve food , but this is an exception . it 's close to work and they have awesome lunch specials every weekday . people rave about the wednesday lunch buffet , but i go here for me red meat craving on free steak fridays . you get a free 10 ounce , decent ribeye plus $ 2 sides and it 's all good . they hit you on the drink at $ 3.85 for soda , but i do n't know where else in town you can get a decent 10 ounce steak , two good sides , and a drink for $ 8 . they get crowded on friday so the service can be a little bit slow , but it 's not too bad . the food really is good here ... there is no question about that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my job is to bring clients to entertainment . when my high dollar spenders are upset because the bitch bartender is horrible , i wo n't bring anyone back . this place was the worst of the worst . why would anyone want to be charged high prices and short poured by a rude bar wench .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome place . beautiful women . you definitely are paying for quality . worth every penny . it 's a very classy establishment , clean and the best club in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i found this place after a night of drinks . we were there on a friday night - place was kind of slow . most of the ladies said the week had been unusually slow but around 1:30 am a good crowd started building . dancers are rotated thruought the night and there was a wide range . all in all we had a good time for the $ . waitresses were very attentive , the dancers were respectful - as in both tines i bought my husband lap dances the asked if i minded how close the got to him ( answer was no of course ) . drinks were strong like we like them and the entertainment was appealing . we 'll go again for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome decorum . shockingly expensive and inappropriately charged for 2 drinks . my date and i literally only customers on a cold thurs night . sat in main room for 30 mins with no dancer in sight or on stage . bartender played confused , made typical excuses for lazy dancer behavior . finally one awoke from her nap and did rather avg performance . we courtesy tipped her to see if we could inspire the scene but to little avail . finally bored we requested our check . i handed bartender waitress a $ 20 , which she then noted in a nice way that it was $ 24.00 . no consideration at all for the petty output . question is , why open a mega club like this or keep it open with such piss poor presentation or customer appreciation ? make no mistake the owners of this club are obviously wealthy but none of that reward in their world was shown to us in basic clientele ways . tsk tsk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay so i ended up here for breakfast one day at around 4am after a very drunken night . that said i thought the food was perfectly fine . the breakfast is served buffet style and i thought the price was quite reasonable . really i 'm quite tolerant towards breakfast food . it can be pretty terrible and i 'll still probably like it . if it 's good that 's a bonus ! i just like eggs a whole lot okay ? i realize the irony in that statement . do n't judge me ! the dancers are in a pretty separate section so that makes me feel safer about the food . would i go back ? probably not unless it 's after a rough night out where i somehow end up here again . but the place is just fine for food , and probably ladies if you 're into that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went this wednesday for the $ 10 buffet and it was pretty good . i knew where the place was so finding it was n't hard and parking at a little before noon was easy . me and a coworker paid and went in , i like the stuffed chairs but it was a waste when i was sitting half out of it to eat . i do n't know if the food changes but this week i saw boneless pork chops , fried chicken , buffalo shrimp , baked salmon and plenty of sides . dessert bar had cheesecake , fruit , a variety of cookies and more . one note , drinks are not included and they do n't tell you refills are charged the same , we ended up paying an additional $ 12 for that . the only downsides were that the strippers were quite pushy trying to give overpriced dances ( $ 25 ) and the dress code was not being enforced , plenty of shorts and tshirts . this will end up being a once a month kinda lunch for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice gentlemen 's club with unlimited breakfast buffet at 3am ! that was the main reason we came , so other than that , i 'm not sure i can definitively describe to you how the dancing or girls were . the place itself is actually pretty nice , which is probably why it is classified as a `` gentlemen 's '' club and not just a strip club . if i remember correctly , there are two levels , with the stage in the middle of the room and an open view of both levels surrounding it . it was very loung-y and comfortable with an enigmatic vibe . i do n't know many nightclubs or gentlemen 's clubs that serve breakfast , so this was pretty cool for a fair price ( of about $ 15 ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere . very upscale and friendly . favorite is the kick-ass filet for dinner . great lunch specials too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the nicest place in charlotte to go as far as a men 's club . they have a nice breakfast which is actually pretty good after 2 a.m . the girls for the majority are good looking . the ambiance is very nice and the complimentary valet is nice ! i def recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still a wonderful club ! they revamped their menu again and added a bunch of delicious new choices . their handcrafted cocktails have changed ; i thoroughly enjoyed the southern gentleman . i heard they added the breakfast buffet to thursday nights as well , although i have n't been able to try it out ... yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "strippers were ok at best . late night go somewhere else . they do n't want your business", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have not been here in a while . a great place to bring a spouse , very comfortable atmosphere low-pressure good service the quality of talent in the building is above average . x been there for lunch not fantastic but i may have gotten better there recently not sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to the men 's club of charlotte with dj evo and some friends . we had a great time . leah was our bartender . she was excellent and helpful with recommending some great drinks . had a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best strip club in charlotte . i come here on wednesdays for the lunch buffet during the day which is always a steal for 10 $ all you can eat plus admission into the club . otherwise i usually come on friday or saturday night when its packed with girls . the seating is comfortable and 1 large stage and three mini side stages . girls are friendly and most are above a 7 . dances are 20 $ and worth every penny .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only good thing i can say about the men 's club is the buffet on wednesdays . it is a very large and well prepared selection of food , meats , salads , seafood , you name it ! ! as far as the other things that i have to say , not so complimentary . in my opinion , the mc is a lot of flash and waste of money . the dancers are snooty and stuck-up . i have been in for lunch , ate , and left without ever seeing a dancer . when you do see a dancer , most of them are average at best . i assume nights are better , but i do n't intend to waste my time or money there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had to beg girs for lap dances and at the end nobody showed up , service was slow as hell , and all the girls said i 'm going upstairs and they never came back . uptown cabaret it is next time ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far one of the best strip clubs ever . extremely classy and upscale , the only strip club i 've been to in the country ( i 've been to a lot ) where the majority of girls are attractive . every flavor that can appeal to every man 's fantasy , a perfect place to find exactly what you 're looking for . you get the best of the best here , and as a bonus they have excellent food . better than vegas , miami , and california , definitely one of the top adult entertainment establishments around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in terms of their take-out food , i am in love . the sales are amazing ! a whole carton of noodles for one dollar ! ? yes please . the sushi and bubble tea always seems to be on sale as well and it does not disappoint . staff are always nice to me and the store is super clean ( although it is new so hopefully the standards are maintained ! ) . i will return if i 'm ever in the area again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't get the cooked food from sunny . they must be really hurting to have to sell slop like this . lemon chicken was made with dried up stale chicken that was like dog chews , fried rice was made with uncle bens , and the spare ribs were so bad they went to the garbage . such a shame ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sunny foodmart is 100 % better than the food basic that used to be at this address ! ! but seems like this sunny foodmart trying to be a international supermarket : chinese , indian , filipino , middle eastern ... you will find everything here ... but not really anything that are really unique and interesting ! ! maybe trying to have much a variety with different ethnic background makes stocking the shelf a challenge.. the usual hot table of chinese food , sushi section , dim sum . there is also deli counter , in house bakery ... . sunny foodmart is a good addition to the neighbourhood !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there 's a lot of asian groceries in markham ... maybe way too many . sunny foodmart took over the old food basics on markham rd . & 14th ave . this place is a bit unique and separates itself from the typical asian market . they have a halal meat section and a deli section . their ready made food area have a good selection as well as their sushi area . since it 's new-ish ( 1 or 2 yrs ) store , the place is quite clean and well stocked . there 's lots of parking in the plaza , especially when canadian tire is closed . something they are missing compared to foodymart or orientalmart is their barbeque section or the savoury buns ... once in a while i just crave for some cha siu or a bbq pork bun . sunny is still one of the better options out of all the groceries in the area 3.5 stars", "score": "3"}
{"review": "please do not ever get their cooked food . i repeat.. ever ! ! if it 's on sale special , it 's even worse . the meat used for the food are sub sub sub par and not for human consumption . i felt sick after having one of their 'special ' taiwanese 3 cup chicken . any self respecting shopper should n't fall for the bright lights , big signs for the sale price or the large quantity . btw , you 'll only see non-chinese buying cooked food from here but hey i 'm a chinese and sadly ... even i was fooled .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very clean grocery store compared to foody mart and oriental . they sell halal meats and they also have a bakery , deli and hot food section . their hot food items are usually a hit or a miss , but generally not great . their groceries are fresh , and you can usually score some great deals under the tables for reduced produce which are still really fresh to me . they usually get really busy on the weekends and the lines are long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "selection is more towards south asian than east asian . i also noticed the shoppers were predominantly south asian . compared to sunny in eotbicoke , this one seems a bit dirty and grotty . produce was also not as nice as their etobicoke store . also , as they cater to local demographics , this one does not have a latino food section and not as many caribbean products . of course , like in etobicoke , they have a good selection of indian and pakistani food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a great selection of south asian product", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this rating is for the sushi . i went there around 8:30pm just to see if they were clearing out the sushi . at this time , there was not much left except 2 platters of $ 11 rolls and sushi combo , and a few containers of sashimi . the platters were marked down like 70cents . i had a craving so , i picked one up . i asked if the sashimi had any clearance price on it , she said no . i think if the sashimi does n't sell , they keep if for the next morning ... . hmmm . i 'm not sure if sashimi that is cut and sitting there all day , would be fair to sell the following day at reg . price . also , let me tell you that sushi that you buy at the end of the day ... taste like crap . you do n't know how long its been sitting there ... the rice gets hard and tasteless . do n't do it ! ! do yourself a favor and head to a sushi restaurant and get take out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sunny is awesome . as a halalie they have good options for meat . it 's not as expensive as other grocery store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. iain is the amazing . he gives me the best adjustments every time . he takes his time , and makes sure that i am ready for the adjustment , and is very thorough . he is never pushy , but is honest about the treatments that will help . he is also very fair in his pricing , and his hours accommodate my schedule well . i can have an appointment , or walk in . his office is comfortable and efficient . i can not recommend him enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply put : dr. iain fixes me . i get back and neck adjustments . a couple times i was in deep trouble , back-wise , and i was so thankful to walk out of his office feeling so much better . he has been very patient and flexible for me to get in to see him . i think i 've been going to him for almost 10 yrs . he is very capable and he and his wife , evelyn are very nice people . i recommend highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. iain is wonderful ! i have been going to him for over 3 years and he has worked out numerous kinks in my back . he is caring and professional . highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan of this store ! ! it is my fav ! ! i bought my 1st coach bag here last spring . i was just at the store on sat to see what they have and to do a little window shopping , and i told the ladies in the store i was only window shopping , but i have full intent on spending money later , but they were willing to answer whatever question i had and they did n't mind if i was just window shopping , i asked about a certain style they have , if they had it in a different color pattern and they told me no , but come back in a few weeks for the new spring collection , and i asked what colors will be seen , they said teal , pinks , purples , omg that was enough for me ! ! i will back soon ! ! ! ! staff is aways friendly ! love love love coach ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when factory gave me a folded up flimsy empty box , to put the bag i bought my mother ( after asking for anything they had ) , coach chandler wrapped it up beautifully . thanks for making my gift even more special , ladies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prepare to be judged if you do n't fit the mold of what someone should apparently look like when they shop at coach . i tried on some shoes and even bought a purse here , but during that whole process two of the female workers were looking at me and whispering . as if i was n't carrying a coach purse ( with a matching wallet ) already.. and as if i was out of place . the woman that helped me was very nice and patient but the other workers came off extremely catty . i wish i could remember the woman 's name so i could praise her here for her professionalism and kindness . i wo n't be going back to this coach , though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the blt , potato salad and apple carrot juice to go while traveling through . this little gem is right off the freeway and in the basement of a health food grocery store ! food was amazing and nicely presented even in a to-go box .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a healthy place to eat in gastonia then i recommend sprouts . i eat here on average 2 to 3 times a week . i have never had anything bad and everything is fresh and organic . you know it is fresh when the garden is right outside the door . lunch will cost you from $ 7 to $ 10 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tribute to sprouts cafe : a haphazardly written poem . in the search for food famished , i was happened across a storefront had n't heard much buzz organic marketplace on top sprouts just below i was certain this is where i 'd be spending my dough organic eats smoothies and sweet treats a veggie burger for me for my sis , turkey pastrami a reuben , i 'm sure - but i do not recall she ate so quickly i did n't see much of it at all mine ? it was delicious nutritious too it made me feel good from my frontal lobe to my shoes fresh veggies and a recycling theme they said 'make yourself at home ' within this calming color scheme i 'd eaten so good , but did n't suffer from the itis this is what happens - ( sorry , could n't figure out what to put here , but y'all get the point )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a delightful surprise . delicious homemade pimento cheese , lots of veggies , yummy muffins and craft beer . really , everything you need for a perfect lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i may be a little biased because i used to work upstairs in organic marketplace , but this place is undeniably gastonia 's healthiest spot to munch out ! ! ! ! today they 're featuring a golden beet pizza that is absolutely amazing . the salad bar is always yummy , the service is always friendly , and you always feel good after you eat ! ! ! you ca n't put a price on good health , so you 'll pay a little more then you would at some horrible fast food place . they even feed you out of their little garden that 's right outback ! they have the outside patio with a beautiful view ! thanks for keeping gadtonia healthy ! they do have beer and wine club ask for the dates !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not sure what to even say . if you eat healthy and have a veggie or vegan or gf diet this is the best place in the area and probably all of charlotte honestly . friendly kind staff and insanely high quality ingredients !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love sprouts and visit it for lunch every time i am in the gastonia area . the fresh juice is amazing and the daily specials are unique and always good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food wise , this place is spectacular . their food is what i call `` feel good food '' . i never leave over stuffed and always leave happy . the only thing i 'm bummed about is i went to their facebook page this morning to check their hours- and went in only to find out they have a whole hour of not serving food but only doing smoothies and juice . it was n't stated anywhere about that ( not that i saw at least ) and was super bummed because i wanted to bring a sandwich with me to work . also , the woman working seemed kind of rude to me , and was acting like she did n't really want to be there . normally she 's really nice , so i did n't take this personally.. i really just wish they advertised that they 're pretty much closed from 10-11 o clock unless you only want a smoothie . otherwise this place is fantastic and a great atmosphere ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious fresh food ! stopped for lunch on trip from alabama to raleigh . great selection . the side with our grass fed burger , veggie wrap and mushroom au jus sandwich was a heaping bunch of grapes . yum", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local organic lunch spot . my kids and i enjoyed our lunch . wish more places used good ingredients like this place . sure wish this was in hickory !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent little place with free wifi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like sprouts because it is the only restraunt in gastonia i could really put in the vegan vegetarian category . i got a veggie burger or some type . the actual burger was not bad , but there was sooo much spicy mustard ! it was pretty much uneatable . i also got a side of vegetable soup that was flavorless . i really expected more from this restraunt based on what other people had told me . vegetarian food can taste better than this ! i went to mcdonald 's afterwards . however , i really liked the marketplace that is above the restraunt . you can find healthy foods here that you otherwise would not be able to find in a regular grocery store . the staff were friendly in both the marketplace and the cafe area . i would go again , but i will be sure to ask more questions about the menu items before hand !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger was delicious and the atmosphere downstairs was serene . my buddy ca n't stop talking about the turkey sandwich melt . if you have a chance order the ranch salad side , it 's unique ( included broccoli '' and not too ranchy . i wish they did n't run out of sriracha .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried to look past the bad reviews and work with wayne ace bus & limo service ; he was adament that the bad reviews were written by `` punk college kids who lied '' . however , my experience with him quickly turned sour . he gave me a quote for his 50 passenger party bus , which is a renovated school bus . i found other rates for school buses much cheaper , and pointed this out to him . we were in the progress of negotiating when i receive a very harsh email advising me to take my business elsewhere . i was very taken back by this and found his reaction to be highly unprofessional . i guess it was good to find out beforehand instead of the day of my wedding . to all those considering wayne ace bus and limo service - do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "talk about terrible experience ! the bus broke down on us twice ! we had to push it once , and they had to send a replacement the second time . then , when we went in to eat , the bus took off ! the driver put all of our stuff on the curb and left us stranded in a different town . at least our belongings were n't stolen or broken ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would never hire this company again . first of all on our group trip , their bus broke down causing us to be late to our first two destinations . after finally arriving at the 2nd destination thanks to some other people in our group who were driving picking us up they brought another bus for our group . at our 3rd stop , the driver abandoned us because we were `` late '' . of course , this does n't take into account the time we lost due to the bus breaking down earlier in the trip . my advice is to never hire this company unless you want to risk getting left by your driver like we did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used wayne ace for my wedding last november . the bus driver was on time , courteous , and a great driver . the bus was sleek , clean , and safe . they drove us around madison , wi during a home football game for pictures- it was crazy , but he got us where we needed to go , and in style ! i honestly rave about wayne ace and have recommended him to friends and family . thank you for an unforgettable wedding experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm no `` punk college kid '' . middle ages man who knows a terrible driver when i see one ! i 'd never hire this company out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wayne ace has been a huge problem for my family the entire time we 've been on his bus route . his safety record is the worst in the district ( just check him out with the fmcsa ) he 's dishonest , and he allows his grandchildren to harass my special needs son , and then yells at my son when he asks them to stop .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the guys here are so helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly . every time i find myself in here , they save me a crazy amount of money . i wish i had more to say , but they make everything so quick and easy that i have nothing more to add . the end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best service i have ever gotten . i really want to thank brandon . he was a great example of what service should be . helpful , knowledgeable , and remained calm and friendly even when he was the only one trying to service a line of 5 deep and the phone ringing non-stop . he maintained his composure and even though everyone had to wait a while we all were more then understanding . so i hope his manager reads this cause truly thank you . him alone would make me drive out of my way to this location . safe to say this is my location of choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome ! ! ! they took the time to help me out and fixed to bulbs that were out , my blinker and break light . went in , asked for there help and they helped my right away ! ! ! always my go too for little fixes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped at a different o'reilly 's near my house -they gave me the wrong headlight -stopped at this one -dave corey helped me by finding the right one-exchanging -not charging me for the price difference and corey put my light in for me ! ! ! great customer service -thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in on a rainy day because of course i needed new windshield wipers and a tail light . my first experience being in this shop and it was wonderful . this shop is hidden , but glad i found it ! thanks to jose for putting in a new tail light and new windshield wipers . good customer service and a job well done . its true , professional parts people they are . thank you jose !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just want to thank daniel for helping me out with my parts today . usually a full place to walk into , but he was actually a very personable guy . will definitely go back if i have some car needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice guys and helped me out find the battery for my motorcycle , ok it is a scooter ! : - ) i was happy they had the right brand and model . it was $ 10 more than online , but in stock . i really like how knowledgeable they were and did not waste my time when i called in to check stock and they had it ready for me when i came in . the store is a little hard to find and tucked away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "professional , clean , trustworthy folks . love this place so much better than autozone down the road . always get my batteries done here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my battery went dead when i stopped for gas at costco , but they do n't install . o'reilly 's was just next door and had me back on the road in minutes . more than that , the customer service and personal attention was amazing . especially from bob fedora , the assist . manager . would go back anytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in in a huge rush today with a dead car battery and very little time to make it to an interview across town . joe was available immediately and helped me get back on the road in about 10 minutes ! ! i even had a credit from the old battery that died , making the experience easy on my mind and my wallet . thanks joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service , home was not inspected properly , alot was missed ! we ended up hiring another company to do the work that should have been done . i shared my story today at work and it seems that few had bad experience . be careful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we decided to use this company despite all the bad reviews since they were close to the house we wanted to purchase . they missed the first appointment and missed many issues with the house when they did finally show up . would not recommend them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me begin by saying the only reason the company is getting one star is because of the rating system has a minimum of one star . i have had a number of inspections with this company and unfortunately have had to treat a home with termites when the housemaster termite inspection said the home had termites . it turns out they gave us the incorrect report . while they admitted their wrong doing , they did nothing to repair it . there have been many situations that other inspectors have stated that the owner lead inspector is not competent . i realized that myself when there were pictures we received in an inspection report with pictures of a completely different home . the owner is the husband of wendy rogers kunnen who is running for congress . well that explains the business ethic . do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . before my review they had only 3 stars.. so my situation is not unique . obviously this is a trend with this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one if the worst companies i ever heard from . do they even inspect when they do their job ? ! ? failed things because they did n't know how to work then and to top it off something that was in plain site and needed to be fixed they did n't even report . do n't ever use this company ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use this company ! ! over priced and poor customer service . the score i gave has nothing to do with the actual service tech that performed the inspection he did a decent job . the poor scores are directly towards the customer service or lack of customer service i received from the girl who schedules the appointments and the general manager himself when i called to complain about the mix up on my inspection . i believe originally it was a simple mistake ( human error ) on the person who set up my appointment but i was dumbfounded on how the general manager flat out told me i was lying and that i was only trying to get something for free and that he had no choice other that to believe his employee who was completely in the wrong . he never did apologize for the mix up or miscommunication , which would have made all the difference . i will never use your company again , and will make sure i tell everyone i come across in the process of buying a home to look else where for an inspection .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously , should n't have listed to my realtor when she kept insisting i use these house master people.hal ( the owner ) went over and inspected the property.was not thorough ! ! sucked ! didnt catch issues that were clearly there.then again he is old.really though , it was my fault for listening to the realtor and going with these guys.always listen to your gut ! ! not to your realtor ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did not hire housemaster . i am an tenant in a rental property where a housemaster inspector and the prospective buyers came for an inspection . while i understand the inspection has to be invasive , you certainty do not need to move everything and leave it moved like a toddler went on a rampage through my house . they left cabinets open , curtains pulled back , my shower curtains open and pulled out , my thermostat 10 degrees higher than when he started playing with it , things on my counters moved all around . this is my home , which i was in when they were doing the inspection , thankfully . if i had not been home , i would have come home to my dogs in an almost 90 degree apartment . not a good first impression . i 'm currently home shopping and definitely will not consider them when it comes time to schedule my own home inspection .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad i got a home inspection when i bought my house . the findings housemaster 's home inspector helped me make a much more informed decision regarding my house . i was able renegotitiate the price with the seller based on the things unearthed by housemaster", "score": "5"}
{"review": "harbor freight is a great place to buy tools . cheap . seemingly decent quality , very good for the price . lots of variety . this store has friendly , helpful employees , a decently-sized parking lot ( although the large trucks are a bit big for the striping ) , and they have clean restrooms if you spend too long browsing and have to go . be sure to sign up for emailed ( and snail-mailed ) coupons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap tools and they are not necessarily cheap made . i have had an occasional did tool , but most things have been good . bought a wood workbench that would have cost twice as much at home depot . some of the workers are a little vapid though which makes checking out a challenge", "score": "4"}
{"review": "store always takes care of me and has friendly staff highly recommend this location . they have everything in stock and they always remember who comes into the store if your regular ! manager is awesome and the spainaird lady !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started going to this location about a month ago and have had nothing but pleasant experiences . whether buying or returning i have been treated great . one particular person there , toni , always impresses me when i interact with her or see her interact with other people . she is professional , knowledgeable and personable . she is an asset to the place . i have a big project a heaf of me and will be back often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "harbor freight is pretty great . my dad and i have been customers of this company for quite a while and really enjoy what they have to offer . if you need to grab some tools for a decent price then this is the spot for you . the store has a really nice layout to it and is usually pretty well stocked . the lines move pretty quickly and customer service is quite prompt . last but not least keep an eye out for the deals i 'm on their emailing list so i am always well informed about the mega sales going on . also the 20 % coupons that are widely available is an added shopping bonus & incentive for this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the thai street pad thai for $ 10 was decent . it comes with chicken , shrimp and tofu . the noodles were done well , but the dish could use more flavor . the shrimp could also use a little more stove top time since it was cold in the middle . putting a little bit of the chili sauce on it does make it taste better . there was plenty of seating in this restaurant and they were not that busy during weekday lunch time . i 'm giving it 4 stars since i would come back here for lunch . -located upstairs above a massage place . -they take credit card - mc or visa .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best golden chicken curry i 've ever had ! ! ! ( was gon na just eat half bowl since it 's kinda late at night ... .end up ate the whole thing ... tooooo goood lol )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i chose to go here around the christmas season to avoid the line at salad king ( since the last time i went there , their pad thai was sloppy and mushy ) . we were greeted and since not many tables were taken , we sat by the window to people watch . the server and cook were definitely thai . we got a pitcher of sapporo to start and ordered pad thai and green curry . both had good spice , and an authentic thai taste of specific spices ( ie . no ketchup lol ) i asked for medium spice on the green curry and it came out nice and hot . my friend said he really enjoyed the pad thai and it was one of the better ones he 's had . definitely no khao san rd but it was pretty good for dt thai . the portions were huge and full of ingredients , we could n't finish the curry and rice . all in all i would go back when i 'm downtown and craving some coconut milk and fish sauce : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic thai + closed to my place + cheap = 5-star quick meal place . the flavor might not be as impressive as ksr , but if you add some chili sauce in it , you can pretty much get a similar meal that you had in ksr . student 10 % off discount , another bonus lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this restaurant for the first time and it is fantastic . it is very authentic thai food . the quality is as good as anyplace i have tried in the city . the portions are very generous for a very reasonable price and the service is very friendly . highly recommend this restaurant and ca n't wait to go again and try some more dishes from their menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to meet a friend based on reviews on yelp and we were not disappointed ! we split the golden chicken curry and the curry beef which both come with rice . the portions are average size , and the quality and value for money is amazing . ( a meal for two for $ 22 + tip ! ) i liked the golden chicken curry best , but the beef was also tasty . i recommend sharing the first time you go so you can try more things ! the decor is nothing fancy , but it was clean and simple . i really hope this place stays open because it is hard to find a reasonably priced meal in that area of town , especially one that is so delicious . unfortunately it was n't very busy on a monday night around dinner time but maybe weekends are busier ... they offer a student discount of 10 % and have lunch specials . i 'd say do n't hesitate to give it a try if you want authentic thai food for a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the first time . the place is nice organized many different kind of food . we ordered the lunch special which i would not suggest ad it is mainly rise and vegetables with some meat . the server was somehow unique it was this old lady who kept stating we are real thai food all other places around us are not they are owned by chinese guys and stuff . she seem to have law temper and my friend found it very rude . they offered free soup and spring roll which was very nice and good taste .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came in for thai sunday brunch , with a huge craving for tom yam . the lady serving us was very friendly , quick and efficient . they offered us warm water instead of the usual ice cold glass , which was very thoughtful since it is -30 outside . we got a complimentary spring roll which was great . we ordered tom yam , dumpling soup and street pad tai and was definitely satisfied with everything . will definitely be back for more thai food cravings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped by thai on yonge as per my friend 's recommendation and i was not disappointed . i 've visited this place when it was a chinese restaurant and was surprised that thai on yonge kept the same decor ( added some thai touches ) . the owners are from thailand which definitely made me more confident with the food and boy was i not disappointed ! i ordered the chicken , shrimp & tofu pad thai and it tasted very similar to what i had in koh samui and bangkok . the dish was a little heavier on the fish sauce but delicious nonetheless . do n't be deterred by the design of the place . it 's a hidden gem with their lower prices and tastier food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic thai food is here ! ! the owner is very nice and friendly . they can pretty much make any thai dishes that is not on the menu for you . pair with singha beer to get full thai experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it might just be a personal preference but i do n't like their street phad thai . of all the other dishes i tried , i liked them all . i tried the curries and eggplant . prices are very reasonable . this place delivers great quality at reasonable prices . it 's located very close to salad king which is a tough competitor . salad king is owned by chinese . thai on yonge is owned by thai . in terms of value , salad king wins since they have the stamp card system . but if you want a nicer place to sit , it has to be thai on yonge . i ca n't stand the cafeteria setting on salad king .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just had dinner with my best friend in this new thai restaurant , opened only for two months . both the service and food are great ! we ordered coconut soup , special appetizers , street pad thai , and golden curry chicken . as the food is cooked by thai chef , we really enjoyed the real thai taste , even they make their own satay sauce . very reasonable price and we will definitely go back again ! highly recommended", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean and bright atmosphere . the food was excellent . hubby got the golden chicken curry and i had the khao soi . both were delicious and we were full when we finished . the prices were incredibly reasonable , and you ca n't beat the location . sadly , we were the only two in there at dinner hour on a saturday . here 's hoping this place lasts as we would definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place for its authenticity and unpretentiousness . their khao soi is out of this world . imho , even better than salad king 's khao soi . every time i 'm in the area and happen to crave authentic thai food , i go to thai on yonge . there are too many inauthentic thai restaurants in toronto . this place is a little gem in the heart of toronto . it 's usually empty , which results in fast service , but do n't let the absence of patrons fool you . their food tastes great . i recommend their street pad thai . it 's well worth every dollar . in terms of prices , everything on their menu is reasonably priced . your bill wo n't break the bank , while the food will leave your tummy happy : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best authentic thai food in downtown . their food reminds me of my asian root i used to eat lots of thai food back home . their pad woon sen is my first choice . it is not as heavy pad thai and it is healthier too . the best part is it has black fungus ( wood ears ) in it and it helps lower bad cholesterol and promote blood circulation . i normally go there for their $ 10 special . it comes with a hot and fresh veggie spring roll and a small bowl of delicious tom-yum soup to increase your appetite . i go there at least once a week . it is really spacious and the staffs there are extremely friendly . definitely a must-try restaurant if you are a thai food lover .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , quiet dining located on the top floor . there 's also a massage parlor on the same level . how convenient is that . the kao soi is not too spicy and if you want to customize your spice level condiments are available . overall a solid tasty meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few times already.. my favorite dishes are the green mango salad , pad thai and the very delicious mango sticky rice ! huge portions , delicious , fresh , good price . thumb up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good . i had the street pad thai and my husband had the basil fried rice . i requested the crazy spicy , but it was n't even mildly spicy . we came about 30 minutes before they closed . we asked if they were open to which the lady said yes . but she seemed very annoyed we were there ; which made the meal awkward . we definitely would rather she had told us they were closed or no longer serving food . although i did see she let another couple come in after us , but denied a third . they got the same annoyed reaction as us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the lunch combo which included sweet and sour soup , spring rolls , and green curry with rice . it was very tasty at a reasonable price . i think it is one of the best thai foods in the neighbourhood . hope to try the coconut soup and the pad thai another time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lost my online order - i showed up on time to pick it up ( i had pre-paid online ) and they did n't even realize they had received an online order and so only started cooking it then . in the time i waited , four seated parties complained that they had been waiting 40+ minutes to be served their food . aside from that , food was good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheap food , lots of space and they have quite a big menu . this place is definitely better value than salad king . it 's located in a convenient area and are opened pretty late . we had the chicken fried rice , pineapple salad and veg soup with tofu and noodles . the veg soup was a little pricy , and the food was a bit oily , but it 's a lot better than eating thai express , and definitely a better option than other restaurants in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found another little gem downtown ! had the golden chicken curry , and the pineapple fried rice . both tasted great , and the service was fantastic . my only issue was the potato in the curry was a little undercooked but overall still delicious . the menu items were also very well-priced . definitely coming back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know about authenticity , im asian but not thai , and i found salad king tastes better and cheaper , cuz for the same price the portion size here is about 2 3 or 1 2 of what salad king offers . decor is a bit shaky . the stir fried glass noodle tasted good , but pad thai was awful , and for both , the shrimps inside was so bad ... ... .. waitress owner was really impatient ... . they have 10 % student discount tho .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "attention ladies and gentlemen ... thai on yonge now delivers ! yes ! i almost could n't believe my eyes when i saw their name on justeat but sure enough , it was categorized under 'new ' places on justeat . no delivery fee although the minimum order is $ 20 which is not so bad . i ordered red curry , pad kee mao and spring rolls and it came to a little over $ 23 . i was happy . they delivered within 20 mins ( i live super close by so maybe that had something to do with it ) but i was ecstatic ! food was fresh and piping hot . actually had to let the spring rolls..breathe as you would say for them to be cold enough to eat . all in all . one of the best thai take out places around . try it . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here several times . we ordered coconut soup every time.if you are into creamy coconut flavor , this soup is a must-have ! the street pad thai is also the best i have ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have ordered a pineapple chicken curry , because red curry is my favourite dish in thai cuisine , and that is why i would order the same thing whenever i go to a thai restaurant . the dish has one pepper sign on the menu , but when i ate it myself , it tasted pretty mild ... i was expecting at least a little bit burning on my lips .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have very mixed reviews about this place . the first time i came here i had the red curry with chicken . that was fantastic for its price . the next time i ordered the fried rice with chicken . that was absolutely awful . no flavour . it was just rice with boiled chicken . absolutely bland . do not order the fried rice with chicken . the green curry and ready curry is decent but thai on the yonge is no match to the more famous thai places in toronto", "score": "3"}
{"review": "given the excellent reviews from other yelpers , we decided to go to thai on yonge for dinner last weekend to see what the fuss was about . we walked in to find a number of patrons at the bar who had obviously been drinking for quite a while . as we sat at our table , a few of these patrons paced back and forwards between the bar and the window overlooking yonge street for some reason , which made for a very awkward dining experience . my friend and i both ordered khao soi and we shared the spring rolls . the rolls were pretty good , but the khao soi lacked flavour and the sauce was not hot enough . definitely not the quality and freshness i expected from a $ 30 meal for two . the service was fast and the waitress was very friendly , overall three stars , not helped by the `` interesting '' clientele .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very flavourful and very affordable , pretty much as good as it gets for a thai place . portions are large and there is a liberal use of spices . service is a little sterile but nothing out of the ordinary for a thai restaurant . have to recommend the green curry chicken and pad si ew . their spring rolls are also really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would rate this higher if the service was good . the food is always nice , but the middle-aged waitress gave us a very bad experience . she always ignore us when we raised our hands and took the wrong orders . she also placed the dishes on the table loudly . very poor service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was oily but tasty , although a bit too heavy for my liking . service is altogether another story . i get it that they are a family run restaurant and i was n't expecting mcdonald 's speed . however we sat down for a full 15min before waitress came around , because she was busy chatting ! not serving ! ! ! the whole restaurant had 10 customers total ! after we finally ordered we wanted to add a drink . had no luck flying down the waitress again ( i swear she just pretended not to see us ) , we walked up to the counter and she actually got annoyed at us . this level of customer appreciation is appalling . out of principle i will not be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent food , great service ! a simple place with great food . we ordered tom kai , thai fresh rolls , pad thai and panang kai . delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a quiet environment with good food . this place is definitely worth the visit . the portions are smaller if you compare to salad king which is just a few steps away . but still not bad . check it out if you want to avoid crowd and enjoy a nice quiet meal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lines too long at pai ? settle for thai on yonge ! no but seriously though this little gem above yonge has become my go-to `` want good thai food but ca n't get into pai or it 's like 10:45 pm right now '' restaurant to order take out ! ca n't say much about the sit in service but if anyone lives around the area and wants thai food that is n't salad king i would give them a try ! food is pretty good and their menu is extensive as well ! the owners are really nice and it 's really a chill family-run place . been eating out here since they opened and i really do n't have a single compliant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very authentic thai food . price is on the lower end . i highly recommend seafood noodle , super good . if you like spicy food , try the glass noodle salad and papaya salad with sticky rice , they are delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mom and pop restaurant . polite service . i would pick this place over salad king anyway . khao soi is good . pad thai is good . service is a bit slow . it 's funny because every time i go it 's dead . their food is very flavourful and prices are decent . my go to for cheap thai food that is non fast food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dishes are delicious , i had curry fish ( extra hot ) and the first soup on the menu , those are good . the price was about $ 20 , do not have much traditional tai food , more like those express food style but with nice dining environment . good for a express , but so good as a dinner restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "needed something fast , cheap and close by . we ordered the street pad thai ( which i found very bland ) and the green chicken curry lunch special ( tasted fine , but pricey for what you got ) . will likely try a different place the next time are in the area and crave thai food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing special about it . the food is ok but even if you request spicy it really is n't spicy at all . i would probably rather try another place than go back . service was good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , great price , friendly service . better than salad king and more authentic . lunch specials are great value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here after christmas shopping for this holiday . we arrived at 5pm and it was extremely empty except for four other tables . do n't let that fool you though . my friends and i were all satisfied with the food . myself , i loved the thai tea , which i have difficulty finding in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "golden curry was amazing . one of the best curry i ever ate . however everything else especially the pad thai was the worst dish i ever ate . it was so bad i could n't give the place a two star , which is unfortunate because the golden curry was pretty good . we got other food too but it was also really bad . i do n't remember what we got because it was about a year ago . i just remembered and came back to write a review because i was really unhappy i paid a relatively high cost for such low tier food . dont fall for places just because they have a lot of stars . this is the first time i was deceived by yelp . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's ok . i ordered a wide noodle dish . the taste was just ok. service was good though . i ordered take-out but did take a look inside of the restaurant . felt like that place is good for take-out , not very good dinning in place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the taste is very good . but the service is too slooooow . if you are not hurry for the next stop and wan na try some thailand foods , please come here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reasonably good indian style punjabi food . all day buffet is their key . all buffet dishes ( good variety ) taste very good . butter nan is also served . thought this is one of the best punjabi style food place in gerrard st e. lunch buffet costs below $ 10 and dinner buffet $ 12.99 . arguably , value for your bucks in the st. only issue is the place is small , and sometimes too many people waiting for their turns ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to the dozens if not hundreds of indian restuarants in toronto mentioned in david m. 's review , and this place is right in the middle of them . you can easily do better . i went here for the dinner buffet . the three things this place has going for it : 1 ) burfi on the buffet - a rarity in my experience , 2 ) the server brought a couple fresh nans to our table ( at my request ) and 3 ) they had pakora curry on the buffet , which is nice to see even if it was n't all that well-made .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the 1st time in 3 years in canada that someone has sold me stale food . i went to mahar with lot of expectations as it is considered to be one of the oldest establishments in the area esp looking for their sweets . i ordered the popular ras malai and barfi . i still ca n't believe it , but all of them turned out to be stale . this wo n't even work in india with its lax standards . i am thinking of complaining to the food inspectors", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the only restaurant i 've visited on gerrard street . the buffet has a lot of variety and the food is pretty good , but it 's surrounded by a dozen or so other indian restaurants , and i ca n't usefully distinguish this one from any of the rest of them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an excellent smaller buffet , with very friendly service . the food is delicious and very well-priced , too ! try the sweets - they are made by the owner himself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mahar , the food tastes great , the service is excellent ( although i always seem to go when it 's quiet ) , and they bring you fresh naan to your table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a part-time veggie like myself , i was expecting to be limited at the buffet dinner and end up making it a 'meat ' day but there was just as many if not more veggie options as there were meat ones , and they were all delish ! not too crowded , small but not tiny , friendly waiter , this place was a nice restaurant to go to with a couple of people who ca n't decide on which desi dish is their favourite ( or whether they are vegetarian or carnivore ) . as with all the others , they offer you the option of lassi , masala chai , etc and the desert in the buffet includes jalaybe which i have n't seen in many other buffets . there is also other , more standard dessert option of course , such as golab jamun and pani puri . no ice cream , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "prix trop cher pour ce qu'il y a dans l'assiette . le service n'est pas chaleureux . le go\u00fbt de la cuisine est d\u00e9cevant . malheureusement les saveurs tha\u00ef ne sont pas au rendez-vous . 2 essais , mais pas un 3e .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nous avons c\u00e9l\u00e9br\u00e9 un anniversaire l\u00e0-bas . personnel tr\u00e8s d\u00e9vou\u00e9 et \u00e0 l'\u00e9coute . la nourriture est excellente . l'endroit est petit , pas beaucoup de places de parking , mais l'endroit est chaleureux . l'\u00e9quipe est rest\u00e9 beaucoup plus tard que la fermeture et ne nous ont pas incit\u00e9 \u00e0 quitter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here on a friday night after work . place seemed crowded with little parking . large selection but pricey . its a small gutted out house which gets quite loud when full . tables are close together . r\u00e9servation preferred , we got lucky . waitress did know the menu . we had to point our selection . they charged extra for the rice or the noodles for our main plates . they served jasmin tea from a bag with luke warm water . small portions but tasty . considering the price i was expecting larger portions , knowledgeable staff and authentic leaf tea . probably because of the neighbourhood they can get away with overcharging . unfortunately i will not be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chocolate bliss ! i 've been a fan for many years and still am ! this place makes you feel as if you 've stepped back in time and the experience begins with the very friendly ladies wearing their old school uniforms who greet you with a smile and always offer you a sample ! this is what i 'm talking about ! because of little touches like this one i 'm always coming back and i love gifting those i care about the most with this delicious chocolate . see 's has been around since 1921 and that vibe still lives on in their black-and-white shops . there are so many great prepackaged boxes of chocolate you can purchase or customize your own for just your favorites . i also enjoy all the adorable packaging they put together for holidays and special events . most companies do n't keep traditions alive and i love that this place does n't cut corners and it feels like every piece of chocolate is made with love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great ! sample was delicious : ) everything about sees candies and their quality speaks for itself : ) we came in to grab a couple of gift boxes of chocolates . we were greeted by a friendly staff and it just felt so good to continue on a tradition of giving see 's candies to our friendly neighbors , as well as a box for ourselves . ; ) great location with a decent selection and not as crowded as the mall . highly recommend . enjoy ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "see 's is the best . it 's nice they are not just in malls anymore but have stores in strip malls too . i went to the one on lemon st in oc all the time when i was younger and was thankful i did n't have to go to the mall to get it . this location is in a shopping center and it always smells good when i walk in . of course there is a cheery lady behind the counter ready to give me a sample of my choice . sometimes i get a pound and sometimes i just stop in and pick out a few . peanut butter cups and peanut brittle are my favorite and the different seasonal stuff is nice . parking is right out front in the lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love sees ! if you 've never been here is good quality chocolate ( i would give it an 8 10 on quality ) as well as a small assortment of other candy goods . they have boxes in 1 and 2 pounds as well as smaller ones for occasions ( mothers day , easter , etc ... ) in mixes like milk or dark chocolate , nuts and chews and truffles . they also sell all the pieces a la cart so if you want 2 pounds of apple pie truffle and marzipan bars you totally can make that ( those are my faves btw ) . i ca n't leave out the best part though ... you get a free sample when you come in ... sometimes you can request and some times they just give you whatever . but hey chocolate is chocolate !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "see 's does n't just offer my absolute favorite candy , but they offer it with excellent customer service . i have n't been to one location that did n't have this service with a smile attitude and this see 's shop is no different . they had all the seasonal treats available and samples a plenty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small little store filled with tons of yummy-yum goodness ! the place oozes with nostalgia for myself as a kid and from the days of when see 's first opened . the black and white decor and uniforms that the gals wear are so darn cute ! there were a few sweets that were reeking of the yumminess that i remember as a kid . what i really liked was the fact that they offer some sugar-free items but at the same time , the selection was very small , limited to peanut brittle and dark chocolate bars . it 's an awesome place for holidays , gifts for people that you do n't really know ( lol ) or just for some good 'ol chocolate . they give out samples , if you 're good ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "see 's candy is the best . period ! the lemon truffle is my favorite : ) they will give you a sample of any item . just ask ! all of the workers are a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love apple pie and see 's apple pie truffles are like an extra sweet version of the pie . every once in a while i just have to indulge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here often to get their sugar free dark chocolate bars . they are outstanding . the staff is always very pleasant , and i 'm always given a free sample before i leave . a tip for saving some money - go to costco and buy the double back of see 's candies gift certificates . they are are worth about $ 3 more at see 's than what you pay costco .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my parents were coming to see us for christmas and i ran into the see 's to pick up a box of chocolates for my stepdad , as he is british and enjoys anything sweet . for about $ 17 pound , you can choose the chocolates that go into one of their pretty boxes . sure , it 's more expensive than a drugstore box of chocolates , but hey , it 's christmas ! the nice guy behind the counter described some of the chocolates to me , such as the mincemeat one ( really good ! and no , there 's no meat for those of you who were wincing ) and gave me several samples . : ) the shop is clean and bright and anyone i 've seen working there has always sported a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love see 's candy ! ! ! this location is the best . tita always hooks us up . she let 's us each choose which kind of chocolate we would like to sample , and she gives us more than one ! service with a smile and a great product . what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does n't get much better than a taste of something sweet from see 's . it 's nice to be able to fill a box with exactly what you or your sweetie like , instead of having those few in the box that you do n't really like . yumm ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "see 's chocolates are amazing ! the problem i have with this specific location is the not so friendly cashiers . i 've been here countless times and every time i buy an assorted box . if the box does n't exceed a pound the ladies are always rude about it ! last time i checked you do n't get paid by the pound , so why would it matter if i get 2 3 of a pound ? just annoying i guess but they do n't need to be rude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love see 's because they have the best chocolates and the nicest ladies that work there . and they always hook it up with free samples ! ! this time i got 2 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service ! ! ! expected to wait an hour in line a day before valentine 's day . not only did i get out quickly but the nice lady still offered me the sample as soon as i entered ! ! ! love their chocolate just amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased a $ 19.99 can of my favorite toffee-ettes on valentine 's day . opened the can looking forward to my first bite . yuk . stale . then i checked the bottom of can for expiration date ; expired weeks ago ! my taste buds were not fooling me . geez , never thought i 'd have to check for expiration at sees an expensive candy store . i 'm bummed ! so be ware of the see 's store on n. charleston .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great little store to get your sweet tooth on . they 'll give you a free sample while you browse and offer candy by the piece or the box . i like to occasionally stop by when i have a craving for some dark chocolate nutty candies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sees candy has been around since i was a little girl ! their candy is timeless and still the best around . stopped in this location to grab a few gifts for friends . the ladies that work in this location were super friendly and helpful . i will be back for the next occasion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice location with friendly employees . arrangements of prepackaged chocolates and seasonal products are at the front of the store , and the chocolate counter is in the back . i filled a half pound box which retailed about $ 10 , allowing me to use a promotional coupon from another see 's for a free awesome bar ! like many see 's locations , the biggest problem is the arrangement of the line , which prevents you from seeing all of the choices while you wait for your turn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "barely a frozen yogurt place ... stop if you like ice ... go elsewhere for frozen yogurt . 2 flavors ... vanilla or chocolate ... lots of sundae topping options ... and you can have as many as you like ... but ... do n't ask for any flavors on the board ... that is just for the italian ice . want a juicy pear hot fudge sundae ? nope ! how about a mango strawbery with marshmallow and gummy bears ? not a chance ! the flavors are only for ices ... and the sizes are tiny ! the vanilla custard was custard-y but could not tell that there was any vanilla ... way too many places that make their own custard to go back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first , let me start by saying the ice is amazing and i am obsessed with it . however , i gave them a rating of 3 stars due to the lack of ice flavors they allow you to get in a purchase . i was recently on a road trip from chicago to nyc . along the way i was introduced to rita 's and had it every time i found a rita 's on the road trip ( we do n't have rita 's in chicago ) . every place i stopped allowed us to get 3 ice flavors in a large and this place in ohio only allowed us to get 2 flavors . the lack of flavor buying options may seem silly , but if all the other rita 's let me select 3 flavors , i am not sure why this one is special ( their ice flavors are so good one should not be limited to 2 ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tastey italian ice really hit the spot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ritas . however every year they seemingly get smaller serving cups ( shhh we are n't supposed to notice ) and their prices go up ! ! ! i 'm sorry for this review but i just had to say something . this is a privately owned establishment and having been a restaurant business owner myself -- - this is just a sign of pure greed . his profit must be out of the roof with the numbers he 's charging . i 'm sorry . i 'm not bitter , but come on ... .. i used pure butter , sugar , vit d milk etc ... ... when i was baking and still only had around a 25 % food cost . stop raking ppl over the coals man ! ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my kids love this place . it is n't cheap , but it is very good . i usually go for a kids size ice- pineapple or black cherry . just went there last night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg i wish there were more locations closer to me ! ! why is this place so good ? i mean , they 're not wrong when they say `` it 's not just ice '' . this is not an icee , it 's not a slurpee , it is wonderful and smooth and flavorful and so so refreshing . i generally do n't like dairy when it comes to ice cream , so i 'm always looking for sorbets or sherbets or anything on the lighter side . i found rita 's and i 'll never go back . also - get the gelati , it 's italian ice with a hefty dollop of custard on top . it also comes with custard on the bottom but i prefer to skip that part . so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slowest service i 've ever seen . i 've been to rita 's locations multiple times and i waited in a line of 4 people for 35 minutes . love the product but management could use some help .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tasty italian ice and i like the gelatis -- ice and i 've cream . on march 20th they give away free stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wo n't come back to this location again ... it 's too big and there 's no help . i know this is n't much of a review but i have nothing constructive to say about this place . things are all over the place and there 's no rhyme or reason to where items are located . for example , i had come here looking for a specific pant , i was amazed that i found them but i only found one colour . i assumed that it must be all they had left until i noticed , as i was walking out of the store , the same brand and style in a different colour.. in a completely different section . this caused for a pause and i had a quick look around . there is no method to the madness of this store ! i quickly realized that i was wasting my time with this nonsense and left . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a big store but i find that there are n't enough employees to ask if they have additional sizes at the back which i highly doubt there is . i usually come here to find a specific product ( like a particular pair of twill pants with different colours ) but every time i come , they put it in a different spot and it becomes a game of hide and seek . the weirdest thing is the mens ' change room 's curtains . the curtains do not cover everything as there is a visible line on the side and all the walls in the change rooms are mirrors so it could be visible to the public eye . terrible service , playing a game of hide and seek and terrible design for the men 's change room .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tip for those who hate line-ups : take your clothes to the fitting rooms near menswear . guaranteed to cut your wait time in half . is it me or has the quality here gone from affordable to just plain cheap ? there 's some good options but most things just are n't worth trying on . i used to shop here with a vengeance . triple venti in hand - there was no stopping me power shop through the madness . but the thrills have faded - i 'm getting to the point where i 'd rather invest in smaller quantities of quality clothing instead of loads of junk .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service here is crap . it 's not like today ( tuesday ) is the weekend , it is not even busy and the staff was not helpful at all . this place carries maternity clothes but they do n't carry maternity bra ? ! fyi for pregnant mothers who are looking for maternity bras , do not come here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "vibe usually , there 's no drama -- or service -- at this location . that said , the staff did try to help me find a blazer i was looking for to no success . they change their merchandise around so frequently . but this time , the toddler who screamed for about 10 minutes made me realize there was no point in visiting this location . the goods sometimes , you can find good party stuff here . but i 'd rather shop elsewhere given the crowded atmosphere and loud music . obligatory catchy remark parents , you should know better than to have your screaming child in a store for longer than four minutes . literally , you could hear the boy from the lower level from the top level .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i go into this store with trepidation . i 'm not a shop-thru-racks-for-hours-and-find-the-perfect-score-at-a-great-price type of gal . for one , it 's too long to put on a t-shirt and i do n't have the patience . this h & m reminds me of an upscale winners : you may find an outfit but it 'll take awhile . it definitely has great clothes as i found a great dress to wear out clubbing . i love that they except returns with full refund ; that means that i can buy clothes , try them on at home and return them if they do n't fit ( have you seen the line-ups for their changerooms sometimes ? ! ) . the top floor is my fav .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a huge h & m ; probably as big as the store in fashion district of nyc . as with all h & ms on the weekends- it was packed and busy and just really hard to manevour around . there was something for everyone tho , including kids and men . but be prepared to elbow people outta the way on weekends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you can never find anybody to help you , despite there being 20 people that work there . everything is disorganized , they are always moving stuff around , so you can never find the same product if you decide to buy later . long lines at cashier due to few people working the register . very cramped , and gets really crowded on the weekends . they have good deals all the time and you can find a lot of discounted items anytime you go , but this store is not efficient and lacks professionalism , which is sad because the store is 3 floors and could be amazing . sigh . not a comfortable shopping experience , but this store does carry stuff that you might not find at the smaller stores .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hmm ... what to say about h & m . i do n't really like disposable fashion and tend to wear things until they fall apart . i got one pair of shorts from h & m that do n't even survive one gardening session , on the other hand i bought two shirts from them which have lasted 4+ years . this location is okay , but just like a lot of places in the eaton centre , prone to overcrowding . came here recently to get a toque on a cold day , but ca n't see myself buying anything `` fashionable '' here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "le choix est bien plus vaste qu'en france ! attention cependant aux diff\u00e9rence de style , les collections canadiennes peuvent choquer certains au niveau des couleurs . ca reste cependant une bonne enseigne si vous voulez vous habiller avec style sans tuer votre porte-monnaie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "words can not express how much i hate this h & m . it 's 3 floors of madness , lines at the change rooms are always super long and the quality of the clothing has totally gone downhill in the last few years . you can just tell by looking at the fabrics that they are only going to last 2-3 washes before you have to throw it away . if you want to keep on top of the trends and spend a minimal amount , this place is for you . if you want good quality fashions or classic pieces that will last you a few seasons , then look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok so everything was fine ... as long as you could find it . for some reason the person who designed the store thought that the maze 3 story design was n't confusing enough and decided to place mirrors , everywhere . not like a reasonable amount , to just look at yourself as you hold up clothes . i mean if there was a free wall , bam , there 's a mirror ! oh theres an entrance i know what to surround it with bam ! a mirrior ! if you would enjoy shopping in a carnival house of mirrors this is the place for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is located in the eaton centre , which on the whole is one of downtown toronto 's greatest treasures . awesome spring day , was in a great mood shopping until i wandered into this h & m. the staff -- particullarly the male staff , most of whom were rude , obnoxious , snippy , prissy , bitchy church st ( for our straight friends , that 's the gay area north of here ) queens . absolute horrible customer service experience . i will think twice before going there again . ladies , leave the attitude in the village , some regular folks are there just to spend their hard earned bucks so you can remain employed , not to deal with your stupid issues . this is not the toronto we 're proud of .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went this afternoon looking for men 's summer hoodies . i found one but i wanted to know if they had it in different colors . i asked maria fe , and without saying a word and with a face of wtf , she pointed at other hoodies totally different from the ones i wanted . i asked a second person and she said `` we do n't have more of those '' . i asked a guy who finally very helpfully took me where they all were . i bought one and i found out that the guy is the manager of the men 's section , his name is kevin . thank you kevin !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i took advantage of the us dollar against the canadian dollar to score a very nice $ 10 shirt here . nice sale , h & m , and nice move . i needed your wares to prevent my minimal wardrobe from becoming stinky over my extreme three day weekend ( 2 days toronto , 1 day montreal , all of those spent using bixi to get around and working up a sweat ... )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty basic , came in randomly on a sunday so we caught the church crowd , we were able to get one of the last tables and a line had formed just behind us . while entering i said to my girlfriend ... i hope they arent just 8 or 10 dollar omeletes . haha well that was most of their menu , but it was ok , some people need that variety . i only had the country scramble or somethin . girlfriend was excited for the pumpkin bread but didnt eat half of it , not sure why.. only thing she liked was the feeling of the place , small , open , blackboard specials . did not feel las vegasy at all , more like a place in the mid west that would be on diners drive ins and dives . def not the best so not much to say . i 'd come back if i was in the mood.. maybe ... ok i think i need to give this place a 2nd chance now i feel mean ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so very cute little place . we 're seated right away and our drink order was taken right away as well . due to the many great reviews on yelp decided to try the st patrick 's day omelette , it has corned beef and cheese and we had a side of potatoes and toast . it was so delicious . ordered it with light cheese and well cooked and they delivered it as ordered . staff was very friendly and place was clean . would n't mind returning here to try some of their other menu items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly environment , comfortable decor , and an amazing menu . i ordered the sparticus , which was an omelet with asparagus and mushrooms ( amazing concept right ) . i went with the pancakes instead of the bread . by the end of meal i felt like i was going to explode . let me tell you that small stack of pancakes packed a powerful punch . the omelet was cooked to perfection and the potatoes were ok . i would say skip the cheese sauce and get a side of gravy or ranch instead . the ice tea tasted freshly brewed which was nice on a rainy day . the server was quick on the draw and never let our cups run dry . the chances of me being on this side of town again for breakfast are about slim to none , but if you find yourself in the same situation give it a shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not nearly as good as the one on boulder hwy . ordered a simple bacon and eggs and the bacon was to salty , the eggs were cold , and the toast was nearly burned . the potatoes were good and the price was great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great little gem in the heart of the sun city summerlin area . you can tell its popular with the locals the moment you walk in and it still carries that feel of a diner you remember going to with your parents when you were a kid . service is always great and the staff is super friendly . they 've got an extensive menu of pretty much every omelette under the sun , but ironically i ca n't resist the eggs benedict . tried multiple dishes here and none fail to impress . between the chile verde omelette , to the nutella french toast and the eggs benedict with lobster it 's all gravy , no pun intended . omelette house , i salute you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at the suggestion of my wife , we decided to try this place for breakfast . we have passed by this establishment many times in the past since we do a lot of shopping at the smiths next door . the first thing that i noticed was how clean the place was and the atmosphere was like a real family owned eatery . very pleasant and relaxing . our server was very friendly . stacy was the perfect example of what a waitress should be . the food was good with huge portions . my wife says that this place is her new number one for breakfast . i say it is my number two with hash house a go go being number one , but another one in our breakfast party agrees with my wife so that 's why i give this place a five star rating . with the german bakery next door this shopping plaza has a lot going for it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not terrible , but they used canned spinach for their benedict florentine , and it was n't worth finishing . the fried potatoes were good , and the service was great . i 'll come back , but next time i 'll have an omelet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the breakfast of a rarely seen dish in las vegas ; crabcakes benedict : lovely avocado neath it- hollandaise [ my choice ] on side -- -- terrific server 'deaun ' -think how it 's spelled- her effervescence certainly enhanced my dining -- came w potatoes -- -- - worth $ 14 -- really fine offering..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for breakfast ! family friendly and great service . yummy hollandaise sauce on my benedict .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have come to this place for many years and through a couple of owners . this place is a consistent performer when it comes to good food . of course , their specialties are omelets , but you can get plenty of other things , including lunch items as well . the omelet selection has to be close to 20 different types of omelets ( maybe more ) . i have tried plenty of them but a couple of things i am consistent about getting is the pumpkin bread as my choice of bread that comes with the meal and the `` spuds '' which are sliced and seasoned potatoes . also , although it is n't a typical breakfast item , they have the best fried zucchini ever . my family usually orders a batch of this as well as an appetizer . while the place can get busy , we have n't ever had to wait an extraordinary amount of time to be seated and the staff is always very pleasant and nice . overall , this is a great place to dine . we like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the few great breakfast joints in town ! killer biscuits and gravy , they taste almost the same as my homemade ! ! ! the seasoned spuds are a cross between potato chips and fries . then there is the warm banana nut bread with butter . orgasmic ! if you 're an egg eater , they have tons of omelette options . to avoid the crowds , go early or expect to wait for a table , but do n't let the wait discourage you . your tastebuds and belly will thank you ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best omelet in las vegas hands down . do yourself a favor and take a load off at the omelet house . decorated with the regalia of the windy city , chicago , the omelets are made with six , count 'email , six eggs and their accompanied nicely by their homemade spuds . hold on to the check until i 'm nearly done with my meal , please . thank you for your excellent service and food . keep those omelets coming !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually use yelp to find places to eat . we came here on a whim and winner winner chicken dinner ! this place is amazing ! owner iggy was so nice and accommodating . it 's family run which is great . i love that and we need to support our local family business . this will definately be our go to . i see why they have won best of lv for years . will also have to check out their italian dinner . i will tell you this ... .the best banana bread i have ever had", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went out for breakfast on a whim after going to a car show early , and we are glad we did . this is a very friendly , busy , clean place . they have endless options on omelets at an average of $ 10.79 , with toast ( or other bread option ) , and a potato option . generous portions and attentive wait staff make for a very nice meal out . the pancakes are really good and giant , so keep that in mind when ordering those . the pumpkin bread is delish too . so 4 waters , 4 coffees , 4 big omletes w breads and spuds , and a short stack to split was $ 60 . we took home 4 boxes and had another meal out of it later . that 's kind of like cutting the price in half for us then . would recommend this establishment for breakfast to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good , not great , but good . the people that work there are great and upbeat . i 'm just not too excited about the seating arrangement . also , prices seemed a bit high for what i had blt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried this place being well fit with the other omelette houses . i got to say this place tops the staff is super friendly using polite words and quick service . very clean and my baby loves her chocolate waffle . will be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going to the omellet house for about 2 years . we have eaten breaksfast , lunch and dinner there . we go 2-3 times a week . we love their food and their family of servers . the owners mother and father work the nights , mostly . however , the owners father also does host work on the weekends . it is a family owned and run type of business . if you ever have an issue , you should discuss it with the owner . he will make it right . we love frequenting our local neighborhood businesses and keeping our money in the local neighborhood . this was definietely a great find for us . if you have never been , you should give it a try ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been coming to this location for years and must say it is out of this world ! ! ! iggy the owner is as welcoming as they come ! he makes you feel like you are a family member as well as the rest of the staff ! pam who has been my favorite server and i followed her for years is truly a gem and can not do a enough for you ! ! ! their food is amazing and i can not recommend this place enough i have lived in vegas for over 20 years and it is definitely one of my favorite breakfast joints ! ! ! you will not be disappointed i can promise ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked this place a lot . cream cheese and apples stuffed in french toast ? need i say more ? with eggs and bacon added on for a total of $ 9.99 . wow ! we got in right away on valentine 's day even though it was packed because it was just the two of us . the host kept a soccer team of 25 waiting when they showed up without reservations for that large a party in such a small diner , so i thought he was reasonable . the waitress was lovely and the food came quick . the coffee and vanilla creamer were delicious as well . overall , i will be back especially since it is close by . yum yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love stopping by for breakfast or lunch . they have a nice variety of menu items for either one . the staff is friendly and the service is quick . this is your basic cafe fare , but they do it very efficiently .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great family , friendly restaurant . we came here with my dad this past weekend to get breakfast , and i chose to get a the california club . i took the tomatoes and avocados off . yuck . lol but the potato spuds little sliced up potatoes , were perfectly cooked , they were delicious . my dad and boyfriend both got an omelet which they are known for and it was huge , practically took up the whole plate . would love to go back in next time in town visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally visited this place . we arrived and had a blip with service . we were told to sit anywhere , so we sat right in the middle . we waited a full ten minutes with waitress after wait passed us by and wait on the droves of people that came in after us . we decided to move to the near empty counter and place our orders . i ordered the `` health nut '' omelette with the banana bread and the wife ordered the biscuits and gravy egg plate . my healthy choice was made very well and was tasty after the addition of some spice it was great . the banana bread was the highlight of the meal though . the wife said hers was okay , but was rather bland tasting . we are going to give it another try . place was very busy , very clean and bright . we met the owner `` igs '' and another waitress and they were very nice . he apologized for the earlier blip and thanked us for staying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family eats at omelet house in summerlin twice a week the last 4 years . never had a bad meal or bad service whether breakfast or dinner all waitresses & cooks are great especially lisa & stacy . going there is like being with family . food & company are welcoming & great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a yummy neighborhood breakfast spot has a real neighborhood feel and great staff food is super yummy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "banana bread was delicious and the mediterranean omelet with shrimp and lobster inside was amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i honestly can not give this a rating as far as the food goes . my wife and i were in there and waited about 15min to be served no one came to our table they were not even that busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is the best ! great service and consistently wonder food . family owned and operated and done with care and love . if you what a good meal at a decent price this is your place . i 've never had a bad meal here and we eat here 3-4 times a week . the minestrone soup is the best you will ever find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i have time and great company i enjoy this true mom & pop establishment . the serving sizes are large and it 's quality food ! some of the wait staff are experienced and have stayed loyal to this location for a while and have great advice for newbie 's ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "became a `` regular '' whenever in town visiting my father . these folks work hard and fast to bring you a delicious big portioned meal . the omelettes are fantastic and the service is superb . can be busy at time but most good breakfast spots are ! steer away from the haters who dare to give this place a bad review especially the guy who gave the place one star and happens to hate omelettes ! ! really dude ? ? pick another spot maybe ? ? the staff : stacy , tiffany , isabelle , cassie and pam are terrific . the owner iggy ( from chicago ) is a great host . omelettes 5 stars , banana bread five stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am trying to leave amazing reviews all over for this doc . dr. kim is simply amazing . i never thought i would see the day that my 11 year old daughter likes going to any dr. , but she runs up the stairs to dr. kim 's office every single visit ... .we barely get the car in park before she is headed up for her appointment . everyone who works at this office is amazing and so kind . if you need a fantastic , caring and very intelligent orthodontist , than look no further-this place is it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kimodontics has a clean , nice , and happy environment for your kids to have braces . dr. kim and the staff are very friendly . they care about your kids and are not just pushing for business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "admittedly a plastic surgeon friend of mine recommended dr. sharon kim and kimodontics and i owe him such a huge thank you . needing what i thought was simply crowding correction , dr. kim made many more corrections and my invisalign will be removed one month less than a predicted year . dr. kim truly cares about her patients , her team is warm and welcoming like family , and you never feel like you 're at the office . a cozy place that adults and children alike enjoy , outstanding . furthermore , this is not my first experience with an orthodontist , i did as a teen and , even with my great ortho in michigan , dr. kim is still heads and tails above . dr. kim does n't intentionally prolong treatments , recommends cost savings , and keeps your feelings ( and discomfort ) in mind . she works even when family needs are pressing and makes time for everyone . if you 're looking for the best orthodontist in town , look no further , call dr. kim .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim is a great orthodontist and is doing a great job with my daughter 's treatment . everyone in her office is welcoming and positive and they give personalized attention to their patients . i especially like that the office is set up to appeal to their clientele - kids and teenagers . both of my children ( one not old enough for braces ) love going to see dr. kim .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love dr kim and the staff ! ! best orthodontics in town . it 's a must go forsure . love my braces.. they 're going giving the best customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend dr kim to anybody who needs a ortho . she is so nice and so educated she knows her stuff man ! her staff is so sweet and terry is so friendly helpful she 's truly amazing ! i had a couple other orthos line up to get a second opinion but coming to dr kim 's office made me look no further she 's the best terry is too ! her pricing is super reasonable and much cheaper then your other orthos and she 's much better ! i recommend everybody to go to her ! ! ! thank you dr kim and your staff i 'm one happy camper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dentistry work here ! clean office and shows pok\u00e9mon regularly . dr. kim is very nice and has helped my sister get the straight teeth and confidence she deserves !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greatest orthodontist in the history of orthodontists ! ! such a total sweetheart . i love irma and the rest of dr. kim 's staff is extremely nice , friendly , and outgoing . went through a course of invisalign and had a wonderful experience with them throughout . they are great with both kids and adults alike . could not have asked for a better experience ! ! ! i am sad that i completed my invisalign course as i wo n't be seeing them much anymore . by far one of the best run businesses in all of las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love kimodontics . we 've been coming since 2012 . dr kim and her staff are so sweet . they 're very accommodating when setting appointments . my girls have never complained about coming here . they are gentle and very knowledgable . the fresh baked cookies and coffee are a big plus too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim and her staff are outstanding ! we are greeted when we walk in the door and everyone knows your name . my daughter is always seen on time . i will continue to refer all my friends to kimodontics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional customer service , very helpful staff . dr. kim is awesome . great at making you feel welcome . my daughter is never excited about the dentist but as we started coming to kimodontics she 's happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the whole staff is absolutely wonderful . i would refer anyone who wants orthodontic care to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars ! ! ! ! she is the best staff is always friendly and willing to help out ! ! ! love going in for my check ups ! ! kim and the staff always gives you options which i love ! ! ! they are like family ! ! moved from cali 3 years ago and i highly recommend kim orthodontist ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to see dr. kim at kimodontics . she did an outstanding job with my braces ! amazing staff , very knowledgeable , and everyone is super friendly and helpful . if you 're in the market for braces for you or your children i highly recommend dr. sharon mia kim , dds , ms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kimodontics orthodontics is a truly special place . it makes getting braces fun ! the whole team is friendly and warm which makes patients feel safe and at ease . the whole atmosphere of the office is very bright and welcoming ! it 's always fun to come in and see everyone ! dr. kim really takes good care of her patients and gives them helpful dental tips ! i ca n't wait until my appointment tomorrow ! thank you dr.kim , karen , and esther ! -jullia h .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim and her staff are outstanding . they are friendly and caring . they always go above and beyond for my son . they keep us well informed of the process and their new rewards system has motivated my son to be more invested in his daily orthodontic care . i 'm so grateful we were referred to kimodontics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim is great , and the office is really clean ! all of the staff is friendly and great with kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family has been coming here for almost 5 years . dr. kim is such an amazing person and orthodontist . the entire staff is so knowledgeable and friendly . my girls tell me that they have been very gentle with all of the many different procedures and appliances that they have all needed . they are actually excited when they get to see dr. kim and her awesome staff . which absolutely makes going to the orthodontist that much easier . if you are looking for a great experience every time you need to see an orthodontist , then look no further . kimodontics is the place for you and your entire family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful place for ortodontic work ! not just kid friendly , they love the kids and really respect them and guide them through the process . they have kid friendly artwork and tvs so they have something to watch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to several orthodontists . this place was by far the best . dr. kim was so sweet . she even called me the night before to introduce herself . my daughter was a little apprehensive about the appointment but she felt very comfortable once we got there . the staff was also very nice and welcoming to us . i would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both of my children are patients at kimondonitics . the staff is great and dr. kim is awesome ! she takes time in getting to know her patients . the waiting area is inviting with coffee or tea , reading material and the decor is vibrant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since we first starting coming to kimodontics in 2013 , it 's been nothing but amazing ! my daughter is having phase 2 done today and i 'm perfectly calm and relax as i know she is in good hands ! if you need a orthodontist , please look no further ! ! ! thank you kim and staff for all you do ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim , terry , irma and the rest of the team are so very patient with my always behind schedule schedule , they still always squeeze us into their busy schedule . i have three girls that all needed braces and all needed phase one at an early age due to crazy alignment issues . two of my kids are done with phase one and with lost broken retainers and other issues that are kid created , the dr and team have been amazing and overwhelmingly understanding . understanding both financially and squeezing us in right away . positive you are not going to find nicer from start to finish anywhere . it 's possible braces can be less painful , both for parent and children !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kimodontics is the best . dr. kim and her staff are friendly and professional . i love how everyone at kimodontics takes the time to get to know their patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. sharon kim , without a doubt , is the best orthodontist in town ! as a mom of 2 who is a native of las vegas , i personally have had experience with 3 different orthodontists thus far . my overall experience with other orthodontists have paled in comparison with my experience at kimodontics . i 'm so happy i was able to bring both my kids here . dr. kim and her staff are a team of professionals in every sense of the word . their level of care and service to each and every patient is exceptional ! she also has a very keen eye and ensures each patient will walk away with the most beautiful smile ! i highly recommend kimodontics for anyone who wants a beautiful , better smile ... .guaranteed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since the beginning kimodontics team has been wonderful to my daughter while she 's improving her smile . they stay committed to making you feel comfortable from the minute you walk through the door", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter got her braces here . her teeth came out absolutely perfect ! ! i can not say enough about how adorable the office is . the staff are so kind and accommodating . we lived out of state for one year while her braces were on and the staff accommodated all our appointments . dr.kim is professional , well informed and just a beautiful person . a great experience . very affordable . and they make fresh coffee and baked cookies ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the initial evaluation , i have been extremely impressed with dr. kim and get office staff . extremely knowledgeable , the office is so personal , my 12 year old daughter loves it ! one year down , one to go and no regrets . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim and her staff are the best ! we moved from out of state half way through my daughter 's orthodontic treatment and they happily welcomed us to their practice . she has finished treatment and her smile looks fantastic ! we highly recommend kimodontics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! terry and dr. kim are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. kim and her staff ! they are always so friendly and make my child feel very comfortable . the office is clean and very kid friendly . i would defintely recommend kimodontics for any orthodontic needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best orthodontist ever ! everyone at this practice is professional , sweet , and really seem to love what they do ! we would highly recommend ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr.kim is the sweetest dentist in las vegas ! ! going into her office two years ago to get braces on i felt right at home . each appointment was so personal . she makes each person that walks into her office feel special and important . if i could give dr.kim & her staff more than 5 stars i would . she 's made my smile look how i 've always dreamed of it looking and also goes above and beyond to make sure i 'm happy ... & i know for a fact that she does that for all of her patients . i 'm so thankful i went to kimodontics orthodontics to get braces ! ! thank you dr.kim ! ! i appreciate you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here are so friendly and helpful ! not only is there a smile on everyone 's face , they are on time and efficient . i have a crazy work schedule and ali was so helpful and accommodating to move my son 's next scheduled appointment . so happy with every experience here so far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . this has been my orthodontist for the past 2 years & i love it here ! always a great atmosphere to be in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best thing about this place was that it was clean and a good value . newly remodeled , looks nice , modern furniture . housekeeping did a good job , everything looked clean . towels were okay , no major stains . breakfast was included , they had waffles . service at the front desk was excellent and very helpful . beds were not uncomfortable , sheets seemed clean and fresh . the only thing is that the beds were both full size beds , not queen . but it was a great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter and i booked this hotel as a stop on our way to a conference we are going to this weekend . i chose this hotel for the great reviews on the hot tub and pool , and was looking forward to a good soak after driving 6+ hrs . we checked in and i asked if the pool was heated ? the man at the desk said no , but the '' other one '' was . i assumed he meant the hot tub . my daughter and i settled in , and got ready to go to the pools . when we got to the hot tub it was cold , and the jets would n't turn on . we were very disappointed . the old , tired stained carpets , stained bedspread and sheets , thin walls ( we heard every cough , sneeze and text message our neighbors got ) and the metro train horns was just too much , we will never stay here again or recommend that anyone else stay here . and to make matters worse someone was boiling cabbage or something and it smelled terrible in the hallway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we made reservation through priceline ratings were good and on the surface looked pretty clean , except carpet , until we woke up with a bed bug on my 3 year old granddaughter . after looking further could see sign of more . they manager was apologetic but they did n't have another room , so they offered to spay at 3 am in the morning . we just packed and left . after reading about bed bugs and how they infests we had our work cut out to clean and wash all our clothes , luggage everything that had been in the room . unfortunately we had a 3 week old with us also , so we had cradle , car seat etch . we had to make sure they did n't come home with us , what a terrible experience . still do n't know if they are going to refund us for our stay , i think they should since left at 3:30 and all the inconvenience and driving exhausted . my caution is before you take your personal belonging into any hotel room check for bed bugs first .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not impressed . the whole hotel had an off smell . the carpets in the public halls were dirty and worn . my passkey was wonky and kept giving me error codes . despite it being advertised as a non smoking place , there was an inch wide burn hole in the bedspread . the good stuff : fairly comfortable bed , lots of pillows . small microwave and fridge in the room", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst hotel i 've stayed in . after checking in i was directed to park at a certain entrance and use that door well , it was out of order with a sign on the door , so i walked around the building to use the opposite door to find that one broken and would n't even accept my keycard . while checking in i asked about towels for the pool and was told they were at the pool . no towels and the hotel was empty at 3:00 when i checked in . the pool was dirty with brown water and dirt like it had n't been cleaned in a few days . to top it off the tv did n't work and i called the front desk who said maintenance was not currently on the property . this is the first econo i 've stayed at , and the last .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i only stayed one night but the room was roomy with two beds for a good price . the beds are comfortable and so are the pillows . the room was very clean , except the carpet which looked like it had several stains . i 'd stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good value . the hotel was branded as a clarion for many years , and they seem to keep the same standards , including a full breakfast . the location is halfway between the superstition and red mountain freeways . the hotel is just about a block from a light rail station , making this a good place to stay after suns , diamondbacks , and asu events . the drawback is that the neighborhood lacks many restaurants or shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't stay here if you have other choices . my pillow case had stains on it , the walls are filthy , the paint on the door is coming off . booger on my picture in the room , stickers on the fridge . i can go on and on but i think you get the idea .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my goodness ... . this hotel is a dump , with okay rooms . the actual hotel is filthy in a bad neighborhood . the room was n't too bad , it appeared clean . the free breakfast consists of donuts , apples and yogurt . my key did n't work to get in the room and even after the guy at the desk fixed the keys one still did not work . would i stay here again ? no , and i wish i never had . it 's the kind of neighborhood where you are peeking out the window to check on your car all night . the vacant lot next door is filled with trash and there 's a trailer park right behind the hotel . go somewhere else if you afford it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love weight watchers because nancy is the best leader . my leader acts very encouraging and supportive . my leader is so much fun that she even tells jokes and does cartwheels on occasion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love weight watchers however i must say its pretty expensive for them not doing much . i find besides them giving me the point system i do the rest myself", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food and service is good , however , beware of the owner , gianfranco . he has a potential to go postal on unsuspecting patrons for no apparent reason . screaming , cursing , etc . dine at your own risk", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fabulous food , fabulous service . one of our favorite spots . being your wallet it 's pricey but worth it if your looking for a fine dining experience xo ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been to see franco couple of times since he opened in troon north ... vs when he was at un bacio , i was there more frequently . i must say that he 's food has always been consistent regardless of the location . it 's just good italian food that i 'm familiar with.the service staff was always courteous and accommodating . atmosphere comfortable . if i did n't live so far away , i see myself there more often , especially when my wallet can afford it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely overpriced for very average food . ambiance is nice and staff was very good . plastic flowers and fake candles match the food . was crowded on a saturday night . the only reason i could guess that the local upscale locals do no not want to bother to drive too far to get a good meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gianfranco 's food is simply delicious . i had a fish special ( ca n't remember details at the moment ) and it was very good . but my husband ordered a simple alfredo dish . he says the true test of good italian is to order something simple , and if they do that right , they likely do the rest very well . that alfredo sauce was the best alfredo sauce i 've ever tasted . yum . it 's close by to our house , so we 'll definitely be going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while good is more than acceptable everyone we know complains about the price . the wine list is like quadruple retail . and when we asked why we were given the brush off like this was beneath them to respond . well folks madoson ave it ai n't . it 's in a strip mall next to a workout studio . get real guys . fix the prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "former employe very unsainatairty franco the owner would smoke cigs and drink on the line while making food , he would hire escorts there is usally one there named courtney ive seen ice cream scopps fall on the floor and just get re used , he re uses peoples half eaten foods very disgusting man is a cheapstalke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a great restaurant , i ca n't believe there are not more reviews . the service was great , and the food was amazing . i usually never order chicken dishes at a restaurant fearing that the chicken with be dry . however i was proven wrong ! their petto di pollo alla martini - chicken martini was mouthwatering and perfectly cooked . my dining companion had their seafood special and raved about it as well . they had a fantastic wine list with selections of italian wine as well . our server was kind enough to give us some small pours to help us decide on what to get . i would return to this restaurant in a heartbeat ! keep it up gianfranco !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had dinner here in the past and it was very good however the service was the worst i have had in years . the waiter took drink orders and it took over 20 minutes to get drinks . we finally were given the opportunity to place our order after 50 minutes and waited for an hour for food to be delivered . one of the five people in our group did not even receive her dinner . i must say that this will be coming off of our recommendation list as a place to take visitors for dinner . there are to many places with good service and food to choose from . the restaurant did comp our dinner but we would have much rather had a nice evening . when we asked for the manager they brought an extremely young waiter from another area to address our problem and he stated that he was a close to management as we would get .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this our first time here . what a great restaurant . food is great . very good server . i would recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes good italian food . we had the riesling wine , which was very good . veal piccata was excellent , my husband had the pork chop special that was wonderful . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! my favorite is hanging in the bar and watching football while having great wine and down to earth conversations with the seasonal locals . if you want a more formal experience though , the dining area is cozy , the service very professional and the food superb . do n't miss the bone-in chop with proscutto and fontina cheese with gravy ! slurp !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live close by and decided we needed to finally try this place for drinks and appetizers in the bar . net-net is good service and drinks , but lousy ( and overpriced ) food . we had three different items , and there was n't one we 'd have again -- calamari , for example , was definitely the frozen breaded variety and the marinara seemed out of a can . the menu is also very old school ... e.g. , prosciutto wrapped melon ! the servers , though , are very friendly and the owner definitely goes out of his way to entertain the guests !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great restaurant ! the food is excellent and the staff is always welcoming and professional . i love the pork chop , sea bass , scampi , soups , crab salad , beet salad.. i could go on and on . it is truly amazing . i look forward to dining at gianfrancos . the owner is very personable and a great host and fabulous chef .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so am a transplant from the philly area - this was ok'ish food . nothing to write home about with excellent service bumping it up from 2 to 3 stars . bluntly , this place is overpriced from a-z . $ 6 for a bottle of stella , $ 16 for melon proscuitto , to chicken parmigiana at $ 26.50 . great atmosphere - but not great food . ps the creme brulee was not fully set", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good meal and outstanding service . big variety of wine from italy and us . outstanding caesar salad with anchovies . linguini with a red clam sauce with a generous helping of clams . loved the cannoli , with berries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . casual crowd but stylish room and professional service . interesting and intriguing combination . happy hour is half price wine and appetizers but they start at more than double so it 's not a deal . $ 20 each becomes $ 10 , where it should start . and the food was bad . tiny , too salty clams . unripe melon on a platter of prosciutto is not melon wrapped in prosciutto . dinner menu is reputed to be better value and quality so we will go again but do n't try happy hour . it 's expensive and lousy food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a romantic place to take your date , that has class and style , then this is the place for you . it is n't cheap , but it sure is good . i had a fish dish with a martini that was out of this world . tender , tasty , moist , and what every other words that can describe awesome meal . the ambiance is subdued , with low lighting , elegant dining room designed for low sound travel , so although you 're in a restaurant , it seems quiet . so your conversation can go on and on without having to say `` excuse me '' as you try to talk over the crowd . i wish gianfanco could get the patio thing going so one could enjoy his food with the views of the area . perhaps someday . my date had a ravioli type dish and said it was amazing as well . just the right size portion too . gianfanco , you 're amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only shoppers drug mart i 've been to where the cosmetic employees actually know what they are doing . i 've gotten amazing recommendations here that i still use to this day . i can not say that about any other shoppers , especially the one in north york at lawrence & dufferin where the makeup girl recommended i use a bronzer 5x darker then my own skin tone ( doy doy ) . the girls here are also super friendly and take their time with you , explaining products and showing you a variety instead of opting for the most expensive ones and squeezing you in a sale . everything else is like any other shoppers . you go in , see the sales and end up spending too much money . story of my life , thanks shoppers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty sad when i cant find a drink here , but i can find it next door in metro . this tiny location left me even more thirsty then when i walked in , and its not even that the drink flavor i wanted was sold out , they did n't carry the line of it . very clean , lots of parking , did n't have any interaction with the staff . a quick in and out , i 'll go to metro first next time !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a shoppers . you get shoppers stuff here . if you 're sick , smelly or want to look different , this is a store you can go to . they deal with a lot the youths and drunk people as this is in touristy little italy and next to revival and the mod club . they do a good job and they 're all probably making around minimum wage , so say thank you when they help you with your acne or bad breath .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it amazed me how little the employees cared that i needed something and was clearly looking for their attention . they proceeded to talk about other non-pertinent information in front of me - all the while looking at me and acknowledging my presence . when i asked about something i could n't find , the pharmacist ( both were in the pharmacy portion ) did n't know what i was talking about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably one of edinburgh 's best bookshop due to the range and quality of all the books which they stock . they offer a huge range of fiction as well as non-fiction and most of them are authoritative texts which academic introductions . these sorts of texts are n't for everyone , but they 're just what you need if you 're studying the given material and need some insight into it . the shop is well laid out with designated sections and a clean and ordered feel to it . the owner is friendly and offers a helping hand to you no matter wat it is you 're after . one of the unique features of this place is that it stocks first editions of classic texts which are all in excfeptional condition . if it 's your sort of thing then this is the place to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love walking into these lovely second hand bookstores and checking books out . the bookstore is great . however i feel like the books are of less common topics . if you 're looking for special ones , come here definitely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible service . bartenders would rather ignore you then wait on you . posted a review prior and decided to delete it based on the constant harassment and threats from the dj named cane . he harassed me so much on yelp messages i had to block him . that made me decide to write this little review to suggest never going to this dump . any establishment that has an employee threaten and harass you based on a review is not a place i will ever feel comfortable frequenting . further confirmation the establishment is terrible . wish i could give negative stars !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has horrible bouncers . i was in this bar enjoying a drink when all of a sudden a bouncer grabbed a customer that was trying to pay his bill and put him into a head lock and pulled him down on the ground . as i was sitting there witnessing this i felt very unsafe and bad for the customer as he had done nothing wrong . i wo n't be going back to this place as they have unreliable staff . this is not okay ! do n't go there unless you like to be in unsafe environments !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a horrible bar with terrible customer service ! the bouncer should be taken to jail for assaulting my husband . they choked him when he was closing out his tab and had him pinned down on the ground for no apparent reason . he had n't interacted with the bartender all night so there was no reason the bouncer felt inclined to touch my husband . the police were called and the owner did n't seem to care . never seen a bar that puts you in a headlock when you close your tab out ! do n't support this business ! you never know who the bouncers will lay their hands on next !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "trashy clientele cultivated by a trashy owner . not exactly sure how this place is open in ballantyne . get there soon before it closes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure what the experiences are that have been expressed by some reviewers . i have been there 3 times now . 2 times on a thursday night and it was very quiet but it was nice to sit on one of the couches and be able to talk and enjoy a good drink . i was just there this past friday night for a halloween party and the dj was awesome , the people were having a great time , & i saw no evidence of what some of these people have said about bouncers or anything else negative . i love a nice little lounge and i like the seating options in this place and the drinks are always done to perfection including my blue cheese stuffed olives for a dry martini . if you like the lounge environment i would say try it . i have not tried a hookah yet but will be doing so soon . we need more adult lounges in the charlotte area especially in ballantyne so try supporting these businesses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hookah ? yes please . multiple screens during the world series and football season ? hell yeah . bomb ass music from your high school days ? ? can i get a whoop whoop ? now bounce with me , bounce with me ... .did i just date myself ? yep , i think so . we came here for some drinks and hookah after dinner . the place was dead and we were told it would get busy when the dj came on - nope never did . all good though . like i said , the music was good and the tv was on for the fellas so we were able to hang for awhile . after a few rounds though , we left in search of something more lively . but all in all , this is my kind of place . wish there was a chill lounge like this in la .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool new place to go in ballantyne ! great music selection and drink specials ! bar is huge which makes it easier to get a drink when it 's busy . they have a few tvs for those game days as well : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very bad experience , went yesterday night and literally told the bartender if she could take care of us , she replied yes and never came around us to get our order , after 20 minutes i decided to leave , wo n't be going back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two words ... . dj rocks i kinda do n't even want to tell you about my experience here because it 's my new fav . i forgot i was in ballantyne , the dj was rocking all types of old school hip hop and r & b , the hookah flavors were on-point , service very good and drinks yummy . i had a honey bourbon ... something.. it was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very loungey . this really just looks like a small neighborhood bar in a similarly nondescript strip mall . i was hoping for some couches . my date and i took one look inside and decided to drive all the way to uptown instead . if you are looking for some place classy and intimate , i do n't recommend here . on the plus side , no cover and no waiting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the decor inside the blue olive is absolutely stunning ! there looks to be custom paintings on the walls which are beautiful ! and the lighting is captivating ! the music is current & the service is on point . it 's the only place i 've found in the area that offers hookah & has a comfortable atmosphere to enjoy it in . to sum it up ... this place is comfy yet classy . there 's no better place to enjoy a cocktail !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the `` plant '' high reviews on this hole- a guy saying the drinks are `` yummy '' - and a woman saying she wishes la places were this chill ! funny as hell what the owners will come up with as pretend reviews not buying it ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my roommate and i love this place . it 's the best place in ballantyne to have a drink , smoke hookah and just relax . i know that there are several comments ratings about an incident that happened last weekend . everyone has a bad day and the owner reached out to my personally about the incident . he 's a stand-up guy who runs a solid business . i ca n't wait to get home from boston and head to the blue olive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here saturday , it was packed . wanted to do hookah and they told us there is a wait time . i am thinking like 10 or so minutes ! ! nah , they said we have to wait until someone finishes theirs . but , what if people continue to do their hookah and do n't want to leave , well you got ta wait . i got my money back and left . never coming back again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mardi gras event was great . nice cozy lounge atmosphere . hooka was good , love the watermelon-mint flavor . awesome drinks w $ 5 comos 's & $ 2 coronas . bar maids were very attentive even w the busy & increasing crowd . only catch is , this place has no appetizers what 's so ever . and if you 're anything like me , when i drink & `` hooka'n '' .. , i need some snacks to munch on . they did give me some pretzels but soon ran out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ton of fun . classy looking place . tvs can be seen from all tables . good prices . no complaint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool and chill hookah lounge and club on the weekends . always great specials . bartenders are on point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading what seems like 100 terrible reviews i decided to risk it and check the place out for myself . unfortunately i was not pleasantly surprised my friend and i went there to enjoy a nice girls night and ended up being harassed by a group of drunk male customers that came in after us . hookah was delicious and the drinks were good we would 've stayed longer but being harassed by other customers was not the evening we were looking for i strongly feel i will not revisit this establishment . it 's just a bit too rough", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i came here for the first time and we were pleased . great music and hookah was a great plus ! we will definitely be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owner is rude and disrespectful to his staff.. we are pass the time were you can use foal language to our teams . supporting this business is supporting employer who uses foal language and intimidates his staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a great place to have a couple drinks and hookah . the dj plays a little bit of everything and the staff is friendly and knowledgable . the other customers are friendly also so a great place to meet new people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . it is fun to come here with friends and have a drink and enjoy the different hookah flavors ! the staff are friendly and the quality of the drinks even if just as simple as a vodka tonic are good . clientele is very divers in race and in age and i like that . i recommend to anyone wanting to experience a nice casual adult lounge in ballantyne try this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to comeback and update my review . the owner sal contacted me and not only did he take the time to listen , he made it right . then followed up inviting me back . i get mistakes can be made , but it 's how you handle that mistake that make a difference . i definitely take sal up on his offer and have a girls night out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lora is awesome ! she makes you feel comfortable , gets you in & makes the waxing almost pain free . she is fast & gets to know you . i am a big fan ! the wax she uses is great also . no strips !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to lora for a little over a year now and i 'm so glad i found her ! ! she makes me feel very comfortable and always keeps me distracted to take my mind away from the pain ! ! her prices are the best i 've seen . she is super sweet and does a great job at scheduling me around my schedule and always reminds me of my appointments the day before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "appointments are useless . you 'll still be waiting almost an hour for a simple tire rotation . slow and shotty work . made the mistake of being a return customer . they 've broken two wheel studs rotating my tires and blamed it on the aftermarket wheels which i purchased from them . they had to send me to another shop to fix the problem . they have also installed valve stems incorrectly , causing a slow air leak and our vehicle to have a flat tire after leaving when they closed . while waiting i watched a tech sit and watch another guy work while there was an open bay next to him . then they proceeded to pull my vehicle into the open bay to do the work almost 45 minutes after arrival for appointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "guys here are great but the service has dropped off over the past year or so . couple hours now every visit to replace a tire . currently looking at only one guy at the counter and four people waiting to be seen and 4 other people waiting on their vehicles . 9-19-2016 - update . i got a call from the regional supervisor and he was very apologetic and wanted to hear about all that happened . he pulled up my visit on their system and saw the times that i was there and how long it took . he is looking into the changes at this store and seeing what opportunities there are to help them do a better job for their customers . very impressed with the response and level of professionalism of the supervisor . i believe this will get straightened out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got a full set of tires- cheapest in town and the customer service was superb ! ! i was in and out in 20 minutes flat ! so glad i found this store . would recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! i purchased a full set of michelin tires a while back and got a warranty on them . since i 've had them put on , i 've had multiple tire punctures . they 've repaired or replaced each tire as needed with no questions asked . the staff is always super friendly . i 'll definitely be a returning customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went to get tires this morning and was presented with great customer service ! friendly people ! ! worked with my budget when adding the extra insurance for protection all around for any damage done to the tire ! ! i will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "discount tire of concord is my go-to store for tires . a good friend with extensive automotive knowledge originally recommended discount tire to me , and i have bought four sets of tires there in recent years . the staff is friendly and professional and does not make an effort to sell me more tire than i need . i sense that they sincerely have my best interests as a primary concern . they have a wide range of various makes and models of tires available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my friend for some late night bubble tea . i ordered the tangerine slush . it was served in a fancy glass . it was sweet and tasty . i also ordered their angus burger . while their fries were ok their burger was meh . ground beef and a slice of cheddar cheese on a steamed bun that 's it . but hey this is a bubble tea place which is why i will let this pass . wonderful service , nice decor , cheap prices compared to competitors . get a vicinity membership and save even more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has been around as long as i can remember . one of the originals , and by far one of the best bubble tea places in the gta . selection is really great , and i 'm personally very fond of the milk teas . service is also really great , and the guys and girls are always in a good mood . food , as bebe b. said , still needs to be improved ... but you do n't come here for the food . if you do , then stick to the simple stuff , i.e . grilled cheese ... great cake though . nice atmosphere , and otherwise a clean joint , also they have free wifi . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool inside . somewhere you can actually sit down for awhile and order . do n't get the hot teas ... but the smoothie slush cold milk teas are great . my secret speciality here : coconut and taro mixed smoothie", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bubble tea is good but the place can really use some cleaning and more lighting . i felt like getting a dyson vacuum to suck up all that crap off the floor . there was no one else there so service was excellent and also very friendly . got my regular milk tea with egg pudding ( small ) $ 3.49 + $ 0.50 for pudding . also got a chance to try the peach tea with lychee jelly ( small ) $ 3.49 + $ 0.50 for jelly . both drinks were done well and comparable to other places like chatime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a cute little bubble tea shop tucked away in a random building complex . the seating area is not as brightly lit as most other bubble tea places i 've been to . it 's got a sort of old rustic feeling to it with all the dark wooden furniture and dim lighting . when i went , it was n't busy at all and almost all the seats were open with folks mostly coming up to the counter to order ; then they would leave after that . they have your pretty standard selection of tea options , with the addition of smoothies , specials like their oreo taro slushie , etc . their milk bubble tea is a little on the sugary side , but the tea flavor still definitely comes through . bubble tea and me also has food options available -- looks like a lot of breakfast options . i tried their green tea cake which was good , but did n't have a tea flavor really at all . this place is a little on the expensive side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did i order something here ? my check in record said so , and recently . wow , this place is so not memorable . we needed cold beverages after a very spicy meal at a korean restaurant . this bubble tea place was right across the street , so here we went . the menu choices were typical of bubble tea places , so were the prices . we placed our orders saying we would have them in the shop . why they would give us the beverages in take-out plastic cups instead of 2 ceramic mugs was beyond me . the drinks tasted all right . the place was too dark . the table needed a wash with dish liquid detergent to degrease .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to hang out . they have introduced a low budget snack menu that i just saw for the first time . i like their bubble teas , if ur into it ask for real fruit bubble tea ( watermelon is my chioce ) tea pots are are about $ 5 . food is not the specialty of this place as they lack in kitchen equipment . tried a edemame bowl and it was decent but nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , so i came back here again , after i did n't really liked it the first time . because this place is smaller and moee cozy than those huge bubble tea shops on hwy 7 and in scarborough . also there is plenty of parking . they still really need to improve on the food . it 's still kind of cold and hard and not fresh ( maybe not many people come here for food ) i think business will improve drastically if they hired a real chef . the bubble tea drinks are good and the tapioca is sweet and chewy , the price is good also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favourite place to get bubble tea when i 'm in the area as the quality for the price is amazing . their bubble teas are made with taiwanese teas and lactose-free milk which is great for lactose intolerant people like me . they also have a selection of foods here although i have n't tried them yet , but they take spc so for a large bubble tea with tapioca it costs me $ 5 . they also have a very large selection of bubble tea flavours and add ons . i defiantly recommend this place if your in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you only go to this uptown joint to get bubble tea ... do not order food , do not order dessert , do not pass go etc ! bt & me has a pretty extensive selection of bubble tea and they tend to make pretty decent ones too . you 'll see everything from middle aged uzbek men playing strange card games , to teenage couples with nowhere else to go for a date ! the biggest advantage of bt & me is that it 's open late and does not get too busy , hence providing a pretty good alternative to dmitri 's or timmy 's in that area for a late night rendezvous . from what i 've tried , the coconut tea with milk and kiwi sans milk are good choices and i have a few friends who swear by the watermelon smoothie , though i 'm not a big fan . in brief give it a try , but stick to the teas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has been my go to spot recently . the location is terrible since it is very annoying and difficult to get to by ttc . you do need a car to access this place . however , what i like about this place is that it is spacious , quiet , and most of all , serve delicious bubble tea . i am a sucker for green tea flavoured bubble tea and this place has a thick , rich taste of real green tea . they have many many options and although i have n't tried them all , i 've been happy with all the menus i 've tried . i have n't tried real food here but i 've tried condensed milk brick toast and what do you know ? it is yummy . i should also note that price is also fair , and you will pay even or more at prime locations near finch at lesser quality . so there it is , if you have a car , need a spot to go to late at night in north york with friends , give this place a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in a busy location at yonge and clark sits a cozy spot where bubble tea is what 's on . tvs are usually showing whatever local sports team is on or news , and the place tends to feel more like a pub at times than a tea place . seating in small rooms with individual tables for small and larger groups fill quickly , food is ok ( occasionally just defrosted , poorly ) but not what one comes for . service is attentive and fast . opens after lunch time , so no good for an earlier sugar ... er , tea craving . most tea flavourings are syrup-based and can be overly sweet . at around $ 4-5 per , one can hope to expect more than sugar , tea and ice in a glass with tapioca jelly , but that 's what is to be expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute tea shop with an old ancient vibe . enjoyed how waiters never pestered you every 15mins so you can enjoy your stay . the drinks were really good and very reasonable prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is also certainly the first bubble tea joint in north york - it 's been around literally almost since i was born . atmosphere is ... grotto-like , which is to say , dark and sprodically lit . environment is chill though , and the staff do n't bother you much - so you can play cards socialise at your pleasure , over reasonably-priced drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loveeeeee the bubble tea here ! i have n't tried anything else but whenever i 'm craving bubble tea i find myself here : d delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "milk teas , which i usually love , do n't taste good and so as tapioca . it literally has no taste at all . the original versions of bubble tea taste pretty good , and the lychee jelly is yummy ! they have free wifi and lots of tables . it 's not as good as real fruit or chat time , but not as busy as well . so if you want to sit down and enjoy your drinks they 'd the place to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely love going here for a bubble tea when i 'm in the mood . those who are going for the food @ bubble tea and me are going for the wrong reasons . definitely great bubble tea , i always without fail get the mango juice bubble tea with tapioca . sometimes it 's on the sweet side but worthwhile none the less . wifi is a definite plus and so is the tv", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a variety of bubble tea ! i usually get the taro flavour in either the milk tea or the smoothie version and get tapioca and lychee jelly . i 'm sure the other flavours are just as tasty ! the atmosphere is n't the most cozy or comfortable ; it 's more of a get it and go , unless you go toward the back where there 's lots of seating . overall , defiantly recommend ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very flavorful in comparison to a lot of the other bubble tea locations that i 've been to that are not franchised . i do not recall another `` bubble tea and me '' location anywhere else but considering that there are n't too many bubble tea locations in thornhill , i find that bubble tea and me actually make their drinks quite good . i actually think that their pudding tastes better then the pudding at chatime . service was fast and staff was very friendly . made my drinks the way i like it . overall good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was n't that great , tapioca was bad , bubble tea tasted like powder . never coming back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has been around for a looooong time . my wife and i try to drop by this place if we 're in the area for old times sake . we appreciate the consistency each time we come here . nothing over the top but as a long time customer , we always order the fried squid balls and minced pork rice which we absolutely love . even with all the competition for bubble tea , i 'm not saying they are the best , but compared to what 's in the area , it 's the best choice . the servers and owner are always nice and take the time to come say hi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited with my friends and grabbed a milk tea and a brick toast for sharing . unfortunately the server only brought one set of cutlery , and never checked us again . so i had to go get more on my own . it was nice and quiet inside . the drinks were alright . i might come back if i am in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the tea and pearls have been spot on since i first visited this place in 2000 . at the time it was already 4 years old . do n't let appearances fool you . this is the place to go to sit back , relax and enjoy good conversation with good friends . i return whenever i am in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bubble tea shop has been here forever and i love it a lot - it is so cute and has such a relaxed vibe to it . the coconut bubble tea is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bubble teas are good . desserts are not so good . but it 's great for a big group .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bubble tea and me is a bit off the path on yonge . you can miss it easily if your driving by . the interior of the place is different than most bubble tea joints . dim lighting . and pretty spacious but lots of dining tables . service is great . their menu has a wide range of bubble teas , smoothie like drinks ( lots that incorporate real fruit which i appreciate ) , and hot teas . food is also an option , and they have a good selection to choose from as well . but i felt like dessert so i had : a pot of rose tea and a cherry cheesecake . i think the cakes are made out of the store but it 's okay . it tasted good . the rose tea comes in a small clear tea pot , i liked how the tea pot was clear so i could see the roses flavouring the hot water . the pot could make 2 full glasses of tea . also ordered a mango fruit slush to go and it was great . real mango real taste : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my favourite place to have bubble tea . i have become a regular customer for the last couple of years and absolutely recommend it to anyone in the area or far away . the manager is very kind and knows how to make any drink to perfection . i normally get the taro slush or taro milk tea , while my mom opts for the healthier mango and banana juice . we have tried these drinks in other places , but nothing ever comes close . overall , best place for bubble tea in my opinion ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use to come here all the time in high school for my bubble tea fix , they are open really late . i do n't think their flavours are as authentic to chatime . i used to get the passion fruit green tea w tapioca or the green apple green tea . they use more syrup and their drinks are really sweet , you ca n't choose your ice sugar level like chatime . also at chatime they are more expensive but you get more authentic items such as roasted milk tea . sometimes their tapioca is a bit off , one time the centres were very hard . i 've also had their brick toast which was okay , i felt like it needed more condensed milk . their fondue and cake selection is good . i always used to get their taiwanese shaved ice but for a whole year every time i call they said its not in season so i just stopped going . if you go and they do have it get it with strawberry sauce and condensed milk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "doug is awesome , real down to earth guy . very knowledgeable about the business , does n't sugar coat shit , and has an awesome girl working for him . his application process is one of thee longest ones , but for a very good reason . and the fact he has an app to check up on his clients omg thee best . i have passed his card out to so many people . you never know when you are going to get pulled over and taken to jail . its good to have a bailsbond on your side . doug has a great business , on a great side of town , and he has ton of experience . please go to them if you are in trouble !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hangover bail is the best ! ! ! trust me i 've used them several times and they never let mr down . they are fast a posting bail they have the best knowable staff . i seriously want to tell you this is the place to use if you have someone you love in jail . doug is wonderful and he really cares . i am so grateful for hangover bail ! ! thank you doug your the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , nobody actually wants to come to a bail place . with that being said , my experience here was so much better than i could have expected . donna is n't just an amazing employee she 's an amazing person . i went in there crying and by the time she was done helping me i ended up staying for a while and talking to her . she worked around every issue that i had and was so reassuring . she answered all the questions i had about bail and not about bail and truly cared about trying to help me . if i had gone to any other bail place i 'm sure my experience would have been completely different . i 've never had an issue with them not answering the phone or not immediately answering my questions . good location , small parking lot - but i 've always managed to get a spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been using mosquito squad for 5 years now . it keeps the mosquitoes out of the yard day or night for weeks on end . they spray every 3 weeks so we have protection for the entire summer . it also works on ticks . our dogs spend a lot of time in our yard . we used to regularly pick ticks off of them . we have only found 1 tick on one of them in the past 3 years . do n't go another week without it . love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after last year 's experience with them , i felt i could not sign up with them again . i was worried about my herbs begin sprayed and we got rid of sprayed herbs . i spoke with the owner about this he told me to clearly mark where the new herbs were so sprayers would avoid them . he would be sure sprayers knew to look for the markers . i actually watched a worker spray the sign do not spray and the herbs . when i complained to randy the owner , i do n't think he really cared , i was just one of many customers . no offer to compensate us for the new herbs or even really acknowledge it was their fault when it was time to set up spraying again , just could n't go with them . they get a 1 star because the treatment really keeps the mosquitos away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "local pub on main street mount horeb . food is greasy but tasty if you 've already had a beer . variety of daily specials pending the day . upstairs is a slew of sporty activities if that is your thing , pool , foosball , darts , etc ... extra tables and chairs . on a recent night out we ended up here and the place was rocking with 80 's karaoke . interesting younger crowd singing along to songs way before their time . solid bar menu + beer and liquor specials .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place use to be my favorite place in mount horeb to eat . since the new owners took over not so much . we have been sitting here for 30+ minutes with no food . i will find another place to go next friday night . not impressed ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was choice # 2 for the night . drove by grumpy troll , and saw there was no parking , so we assumed a long wait due to a large crowd . we spied this place on the way to grumpy , so we headed back . we were seated right away , as it was self seating . the waitress was very hurried , gave us menus without asking if we wanted something to drink . after what seemed like too long of a wait , she took our drink and food order . it came fairly fast , and while not stellar , it was satisfactory . good fish , i had hash browns with cheese and onions as a side , ok cole slaw , the standard oh-so-soft dinner roll that could be easily compacted to the size of a pea . i would return for the fish , but may also try their burgers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was a very interesting dining experience to say the least . there was a fight between two women . later , two patrons were going at it between the pool tables upstairs , which was displayed prominently to the rest of the bar on the security cameras . the wings were good though and they played some george michael . all in all - thumbs up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by for a beer and a burger . i felt brave so i ordered the big duluth burger which had beef and bratwurst patties with pepperjack , bacon and onions . my burger and my husband 's bratwurst were cooked barside and we 're delicious ! juicy and very flavorful . highly recommend this joint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived at 7:09 and was greeted by the waitress.at 7:45 she came by and said they were flustered in the kitchen.at 8:05 we got our food . she then told us our ticket had fallen and no one noticed.i did not get what i ordered but i guess it was close.i was charged for what i ordered . she then stood b.s . at the bar we had to ask for our check.they charged us full price for everything no apology from mangement , no discount , nothing.if you need burnt onion rings this is the place.we we arrived there were 6 people in the bar and people started coming in.everyone got there orders and were done eating before we got ours . thanx scooter", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great burgers and friendly staff . i parked right on main street and it was free ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is always friendly . meat raffle and wing night on thursday night is always fun . great burgers and grilled cheese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice people , average food . ambiance is fairly straightforward , a bar , some tvs , a lot of promotional beer items on the walls . good for a quick bite to eat , but nothing overly exciting going on here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible food and worse service . waitress got several orders wrong , including a simple hamburger . beer was just ok. overcooked chips , wrong dipping sauce . do n't waste your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome 1 3lb . ground chuck burgers , hot crinkle fries and 1.50 ice tea . best lunch value i 've had in quite a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when in wisconsin , do as the wisconsiner 's do . it 's a saturday night , you 've finished all the beer at your house , time to hit the bar ! my aunt , friend and i hiked underneath the stars to the pub , me spellbound by the sight above me . chicago nights will never produce a stellar view like you 'll get in the country . out of the handful of bars to choose from , i recommend this one for two reasons . 1. highest population of people in their 20 's 30 's . 2. karaoke ! nothing special on drinks . inexpensive compared to chicago standards . the apps and entrees seem above the average , but that may just be how i read it off the menu ( didnt try anything ) . friday and saturday are karaoke nights ! do n't know how this place is on weekdays , but weekends can bring in a packed house of predominately the younger crowd and the rest of mt . horeb 's singles . be prepared to squeeze through ! have a few drinks , mingle and by god ... karaoke !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was good but the service was horrible . i bought some pull tabs and got a couple of small dollar winners and i waited for 10 minutes to get my cash . and the thing is it was slow so it 's not like they are busy . i would not recommend going there the", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , try the bourbon grilled chicken sandwich really good , and the big onion rings . good service for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the place since its about 5minutes from my place.. the interior looks pretty good ... there was no sign of the restaurant name ... i.e they did n't have their signs up..so it took a whole lot of driving around.. anyways when we did sat down to eat .. i found plastic in my pho..which could have been a wrapper for the meat .. overall was n't a good experience", "score": "1"}
{"review": "2 out of 5 because food is fairly good and coconut bubble tea is the best ( made of frozen coconut chunks blended with their special recipe ) . but found hair on our mango salad twice now . once there was a strand , second time there were 2 small strands ( looked like from a scrubber )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this place has bad reviews . the food is decent . it 's all pre-made ingredients at the back and when you order they assemble your pho and you get your food quickly ! i personally enjoy p4 - chicken pho with breast meat . i usually ask for the satay sauce on the side since it 's nice and spicy . i also like the chicken rice roll , but i wish there was a chicken spring roll instead . the menu is a little limited for a pho place . the place is clean . the staff are fast and very sweet . the downfall - it seems all of ajax comes here when they 're sick . there 's always someone coughing or blowing their nose . that being said , there are always families here with children and they seem fine . i usually sit far away from the sick people and i wipe the utensils before using them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "considering it 's in durham it 's great . i had the pho special with a noodle dish with mixed proteins . in terms of the size it 's pretty standard and i think it 's a great place for people to sit and catch up . in terms of service , i did enjoy the self serve style . i know that many people might not like it but you get to sit where ever you want and leave when you want to since you just pay up front . in terms of food , the pho broth was great , it could have been a bit stronger but when i came it to the pho train in downtown toronto it was better . i 'd say the broth might be a bit better than pho hung so if you 're looking for a good viet place in durham i 'd say this is better than pho saigon in pickering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediocre - not the worst and not the best . okay for the burbs but would be a solid 2 or maybe a 1.5 if it were in toronto , but since there is no competition in ajax i would give it a 3 . its clean and popular busy - the pricepoint is out of synch in my opinion and priced a bit on the high-side of the pricing scale . i should knock off a point for that but i did n't . always busy so there is definitely a need for more pho places in the area ... i guess pho metro has the market cornered here so it can give mediocre meh pho at overpriced costs and still succeed in their business model . i do n't go too often but if you need a pho fix and in the ajax area its worth a shot ( just do n't expect anything phenomenal its meh+ at best )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really tried multiple times but they are so inconsistent and the food is hit and miss..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a big fan of their scarborough location for years and when i found out that there was a pho metro location in ajax , my heart skipped a beat . i drove out there the first , second , third , fourth , fifth and sixth chance i had and the verdict was a sadly disappointing no . although the dining room here is a lot more comfortable clean bright than the scarborough location , the food suffers from being `` durhamized . '' : ( gone are the chunks of blood jellos , pork hocks from my beloved bun bo hue . amount of satay sauce in my satay beef pho is nowhere near enough that i have to ask for 2 refills of the sauce to impart any satay flavour to my pho . every visit here ( and it 's been too many ) has been just one disappointment after another and having found viet delight not too long ago , i am not sure if i would be back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent pho spot in ajax , better than what 's offered in pickering and also oshawa nice and clean and not expensive . pho metro hits the spot everytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the vegetarian pad thai and the rice noodle soup is my favourite . if you like tofu , you have to try their fried tofu - they serve it with this spicy red sauce and its the best ! the place is nice and modern and very clean . the service can use some improvement but the food is just to good to skip out on this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cold and bland . ordered vermicelli noodle with chicken and some shrimp appetizer . the noodle was cold and the entire plate lacked any flavor . the shrimp was oily and slimy . not what we were hoping for at all . there are several places within a short drive that are much better . not worth trying .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst restaurant experiences i have ever had . very disorganized , horrible customer service and the food was barely ok . i ordered a chicken and rice stirfry and it was so spicy it was barely edible ( and i like spicy dishes ) . my boyfriend had the beef with noodles and the beef was almost transparent , very strange looking with an odd texture . my boyfriend ordered a beer from their menu and the waiter advised that they do n't have a license for it so he could n't have that . i ordered an iced tea and they came back 10 mins later and said they had no iced tea . we settled for water and our ( little ) plastic cup was not offered to be refilled at all . when i asked for more water she brought a plastic jug of water to the table and said 'oh did you want ice ' . i said no just wanting to get out of there at that point , and the water was nearly warm . this was the worst $ 30 i ever spent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "start off by saying that i starting going here when they first opened and it was great to finally have good pho in durham . was here on this date and was looking forward to soup but didnt get any . there was no clean tables and the sign displayed was seat yourself . when i asked the server if she could clean my table i was given attitude . i walked out the door and wont return ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy to find a pho place only 10min away . it 's a clean place with good food . i just moved from toronto to whitby so i was surprised that they had a pho restaurant close by . the service was ok. do n't expect a nice smile when you send your order but that 's typical service at these kinds of restaurants . the food was good , the decor was modern and clean . i would definilty come back when i get my next craving for vietnamese noodle . try their thai coffee for a nice sweet pick me up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small portions ... awfully small spring roll ... for a pho shop that have that long of a wait time for food is a little ridiculous . service is n't amazing ... size is smaller than others in toronto . and honestly over $ 10 for a bowl of pho that is smaller and more expensive than competition ... that just do n't sit well with me ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , and good service . the pho is always fresh and not oily , their crispy spring rolls are great too ! i go there often and will continue to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for durham it 's the only authentic vietnamese joint in the region i know about . the problem is the pho is n't anyway near the quality of pho tien thanh or pho linh . this is just average at best . however , their bun bo hue is good . it 's really the only thing i order . spring rolls are good too . one thing that pisses me off at this restaurant is that they refuse to bring you the bill . they ask you to go up and pay the bill . that 's fine and dandy but what if you need to review the bill among the group to calculate the bill ? annoying . i hate coming here but like i said it 's the only one that got vietnamese workers making the food even though the quality is n't as good as the other two places i mentioned .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed in the customer service and complete incompetency of the office staff . four years ago when i started going it was very good . has gone completely down hill to the point where they are extremely rude . the care you get from the doctors is n't exceptional and certainly not worth dealing with the office . need to find a new doctor ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very impressed with the office , but had multiple bad interactions with dr robert segal . he is quite arrogant and lack patient edicate . on one vist , he refused to talk to me about one of my concerns because i had not notified them ahead of time . he never looks at you when you spead , he 'll ask a question and then after a minimal answer move to his next question . feels like he works from a checklist rahter than truely understanding my issue . on another visit , i waited over an hour in the waiting room . there was not even someone at the front desk to give me and idea of how long to wait . this week i was in the emergency room and was told to schedule a follow up with my dr within 3-4 days ... when i called for an appointment , i was told the earliest they could see me was two weeks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a patient here for years . dr segal is very well educated and professional . i trust his judgement and rely on him for good advice and direction . he always includes me in his decision making process . all my encounters with the office were fantastic . leaving the large office was always the same directions : walk down to the large cardboard elvis statue and turn left ! i got a letter from honor health last week that said dr segal died of cancer in late october , 2016 . i had no idea he was ill . he will be missed . i met his sister once , she was also very kind hearted and also a doc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i are so happy we are with this medical practice . it is well run and has always been on time . dr. haas is very kind and thorough and explains everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm really surprised to see that my doctors office has such poor reviews so i felt the need to say that my doctor here is wonderful ! dr. allred always seems to go above and beyond . first and foremost she always asks me how i 've been and what 's new in my life and then asks me what 's been up health wise . she truly seems to care about my well being and of course is very knowledgeable . i would recommend her to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands-down the most efficient , and friendly gas station in arizona . every morning if you come in here at 7 am you will see multiple employees working at least two registers in order to accommodate speedy line flow . they are always nice and treat you with a smile . i 'm consistently blown away by the cleanliness of the store , the attitude of the employees and the fast pace they work . stop by and let them brightness your morning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always clean , speedy , and friendly . i 'm addicted to their tea , no other teas hold up to qt 's tea now . i love my local quicktrip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "qt have a great selection of ice tea and fresh made pretzels . they are always fast and friendly . this is also one of the newly designed style stores . it 's big , open and inviting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never really thought about writing a review about quick trip , probably because i come here all the time and does n't cross my mind . it does n't matter if i 'm just needing gas or something to drink i will go out of my way to find a qt . they are very consistent with cleanliness , friendliness and one of the biggest pluses for me is how quick they make sure to get you taken care of and out the door . ive always noticed the employees are always working hard and make sure to say hi to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiktrip has great prices , great food and service and the best fountain drinks ! ! mixed to perfection ! they are always very clean and the staff very nice . all of them are great ! please build one near ray rd and ellsworth ! ! new eastmark community and the closest one is 15 minutes away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge fan of the entire chain and will always choose a quiktrip over their competitors ( circle k , 7-11 , woody 's , etc. ) . clean stores and restrooms . friendly and helpful employees . each store is basically a truck stop on steroids with a better selection and fresh goods than other places . this store is no different . it is on my way to work in the mornings , so it has become a fairly regular stop check-in . competitive gas prices . great selection of drinks and snacks to start your day and help you get through your morning . the clerks come and go fairly regularly due to being assigned to different stores , but every person i 've interacted with at this location has been friendly and helpful . i 've become such a regular that most usually give me a heads up that they are being moved to a different store just to say goodbye . good people . i highly recommend this store . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best convenient store in az ! i will go out of my way just to go here . always friendly staff ! ! you can even get help when you 're there looking or needing help . fast , fun , friendly place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after living in the phoenix area for a few months i have never been to quiktrip before and i 'm glad to have finally checked it out recently . this is a super awesome gas station as well as a convenience store which is more like a small supermarket with how many items they sell in there . the premises is kept very clean both inside and outside ... simply adding to the appeal to stop over here for fuel and the store inside . prices are also very reasonable as well and not as pricey as i had originally expected . i also noticed that the employees are very friendly and helpful which is something you normally do n't see at most other stations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this quicktrip , nice and new . huge location , lots of things inside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan of qt . i always , always will be . this location is very convenient to the freeway and also to the apartments nearby . a wide array of both packaged and fresh foods . friendly staff . clean bathrooms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the newer generation qts , meaning it has a soft-serve bar ! ! and for those of you who have never stepped foot in a qt , they offer a truckload of drinks , coffees , donuts , hot dogs , the works . a one stop shop for all your roadtrippin ' needs ! seriously though , gas prices here are pretty reasonable too . git ova hiya ( get over here ) , stat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like qt 's , they 're generally as clean as the neighborhood will allow . and they also tend to have an excellent drink and snack section with average , for the area , gas prices . this particular location even has friendly and helpful employees , it 's a winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "currently good gas prices . store is clean & they offer a lot of quick `` grab and go '' items for lunch ! prices are reasonable . cashiers are welcoming and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arizona sports clinic dr. marostica was very helpful and knowledgeable , i had been to my general care physician with minimum results for plantar fascitis . my first visit i walked away feeling amazing ! i would highly recommend az sports clinic and dr. marostica . thank you ! samuel p .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. marostica has a very unique style and is truly able to treat the everyday athlete . his genuine care and concerns for his patients goes above and beyond so many experiences i 've had with other doctors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. marostica is fantastic . i have been a hairstylist for 13 years and of course i have a horrible back ! standing , twisting , shampooing , cutting , blow drying 50 hours a week will do that ! i broke down and decided to start seeing a chiropractor . i am glad i did ! ! my boyfriend started coming here for golf sports related back injury and issues . he was able to fix his issues so i decided to come in as well ! ! my job has been so much easier without the neck and back pain . oh and he 's getting rid of my migraines ! ! yes ! ! dr. marostica really knows what he is doing ! he is so friendly and kind . the office is clean and nice , pretty decent location . i absolutely recommend arizona sports clinic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the doctor is exceptional ! he is considerate for his patient 's time and truly cares about their experience at az sports clinic . he is a professional who wishes health and wellness upon his patients and understands the day to day strain on the body . the office is clean and comfortable , everything you would expect from a great chiropractor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent care my husband has experienced significant improvements in his hips and back . ty really care about his patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. marostica is a top notch sports physician . he has more knowledge of sports and chiropractic than most anyone you 'll meet . if you 're serious about your game or your health , see him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both my husband and i go to dr. m. my husband went in with a knee issue from an injury 30 years ago . dr. m was able to help my husband walk normally again ! my issue was a frozen shoulder from an injury 19 months ago . i now have great mobility and i am back to normal . my weight lifting routine has resumed and i am very pleased . dr. m is respectful , effective , fairly priced , has perfect location , is accessible and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prior to meeting dr. marostica , i had seen the same chiropractor for 15 years , who was not supportive of my active lifestyle . arizona sports clinic was a welcome change ! dr. marostica explained all of the benefits of my activity and worked with me on stretching , soft tissue work , adjustments and proper form for injury prevention . i visit him as needed and could not be happier ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "note : this review is for this sephora store only ! this sephora is massive ! they have every product you could ever imagine but the customer service is terrible . i asked one of the ladies a question and she did n't even look at me and told me to talk to another girl a few feet away . when i asked the same question to the next lady she handed me the product i was asking for then walked away ... even though i had more questions . the store was not crowded so i am not sure why they were too busy to help me . they also forgot to ring up my eyeliner that was in my basket , which i discovered when i got back to the hotel with no eyeliner in the bag !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this may be the best sephora ever . okay , so i spent $ 60 on 3 things , but you could also go in here , as a little zing to your make-up that you would n't normally add , and heead back out for the night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time getting my makeup done at a sephora . i was in town for my best friends wedding . making my reservation online was super easy . the location on the strip couldnt have been more perfect ! chloe greeted me right away and did an amazing job ! ! ! she made several suggestions but at the same time took all my requests and made me look fabulous ! she is really good ! ! i hope to find someone back home just as good when i need my makeup done again . please ask for chloe at this location ! she will not disappoint ! super friendly and great customer service ! ! she used all quality products ! thanks chloe ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is for their make up forever counter section of their store ... i usually go to sephora for my make up needs and of course i was on vacation and wanted to stock up before i left to go back tol.a . ive never tried makeup forever products . i wish i had the girl 's buisness card still but i think ileft it at my hotel room . but she was the only asian chick working at the makeup forever counter and she was thhee best ! she was busy helping another person but her client went to go walk around..i asked her i needed a great fondation for oily skin and a powder as well but i didnt know which kind to get and what my color my skin was ... she matched me andshe has sold me on makeup forever products . she was great and just friendly even when her client came back..she still stayed focused on me after i was done with my questions !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came back on a saturday afternoon and service was so much better ! they must save the really helpful and knowledgeable staff for the peak times . oh well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sephora is always great ! this one can get a bit crowded but what do you expect , you 're in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service - does n't exist . maybe try one of the other 3 or 4 locations on the strip ? they are standing around talking in groups instead of greeting customers . i stood and stared until i could get some help . and then still did n't walk me to the product , help me at all , but only pointed . wtf ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service is great here ! the girls are so sweet ! i was helped with making a purchase today and felt super confident in what i purchased . i tried out at home and loved it ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this sephora is really nice . when i went in , i felt like a kid in a candy store . i love that you can test the makeup before purchasing . the quality of the makeup is very good too , they have a lot of hypo-allergenic items which is nice for women like me who have sensitive eyes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the girl sarah at the makeup forever counter is fantastic ! ! ! she knew what she was talking about and made my night ! ! ! i looked fabulous ! i am so coming back for every event . love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found the selection better than the store at miracle mile , but was offered no customer service . nada . nuttin ' . zilch . perhaps did not look rich enough or pretty enough ? felt like the invisible shopper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love beauty products , and sephora is pretty much my heaven . this location , however , is my fav of any i have been too . largest selection i have seen , friendly helpful staff and great location if you are in town for vacay . central strip . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love sephora . this is a nice location , but very busy because it is located on the vegas strip . i like that you can try on all the makeup before you buy it . they also have a pretty good return policy . prices are expensive , but not much different than department stores . better service at mac .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing experience . all the girls were super helpful , around when i needed them and left me trying everything without interfering also . claudia did such a wonderful job on my face , i feel like a million dollar girl . and so intelligent ! also the lady in the skin care , simply amazing . these nevada girls just know how to treat a client ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service experience . i purchased an eyeliner and when i got home i looked in my bag to find something totally different . somehow bags were switched during the transaction . i called sephora and kris ( or chris ) was extremely helpful . she offered to ship the eyeliner to my house since i had already returned home to california and even included some extra samples goodies as an apology for the mix-up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is my favorite out of all sephora stores in las vegas , it 's huge . the girls are amazing they know exactly what us shoppers are looking for and they do give great recommendations on what to use and how to use it exactly . i love their collection of women and men fragrances , they have everything i need as far as cosmetics . their prices are fair , products are absolutely recommended . this store is the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the sephora at the grand canal shoppes at the venetian . ohhh how i love this place ! ! ! ! conveniently located at one of my favorite hotels , they have an endless abundance of skincare , cosmetics from all sorts of good quality brand of makeup , men and women designer fragrances , makeup tools and other small makeup accessories . i try to come here and buy something whenever i come to vegas . so far , they have never ran out of an item i was looking for . the sale associates are really helpful but at the same time they leave you when you 're just browsing or freely shopping around . -cynthia-", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually sephora does not give attentive service , but this place was different . a woman gave me time to check my skin color was matched to the product . i know there are plenty customers in vegas , but you gave me good memory . thank you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite sephora store to date . been in here aprox 5x & always found everyone i encountered to be knowledgeable about products & more then willing to help ! ! all of the employees seems like the employees are better educated with makeup then at other sephoras .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always loved albertsons . some of their sales can not be matched . glad there 's one near us since we 've moved to this side of town . this store was pretty clean and that 's always a place since they sell food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what do you do when its 125 degrees outside and you need to do some grocery shopping ? head here ! this store is installing a lot of covered spaces in the parking lot , so that will be a huge plus to shopping here come summer time ! nice move , albertsons ! good meat , great bacon at the counter , good produce ... no stupid reward cards to keep track of ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "conveniently located a few minutes from midwestern campus , this is my go-to grocery store when i 'm not picking up random snacks at trader joe 's or bulk items at costco . the store is clean usually well stocked . prices are a lot cheaper than a vons and the lighting is much better than fry 's . the workers are friendly and helpful and will walk you to the aisle for the item you 're looking for . there usually are n't any ridiculously long lines and you do n't need a club card to get their special deals ! i definitely will be continuing to shop here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "albertsons donates to some great people ( community card for select charities of your choice ) and discounts some pretty great people ( seniors and military on select days ) . i never felt compeled to review until today . i was surprised with free fish , samples ( including an entire sandwich and delicious parfait ) , and a total grocery bill of $ 2 for a seedless watermelon of any size ( the best i have found anywhere this summer ) , and 2 tortilla crusted tilapia , something i never would have thought i would love so much . nice new shaded parking , best produce i have found , and fantastic deals . i am so happy i live close to here now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the better grocery stores in the northwest valley ! the store is spotless , uncluttered yet well merchandised . i love the perimeter at albertsons ( bakery , deli , produce , meat ) . they have some of the freshest meats and produce in the valley . their ads are super competitive and it 's always a breeze to check out , always plenty of registers open ! this store also features covered parking ! easy in and easy out on 59th ave on my way home , it reminds me of back in the day , shopping at alby 's in montana . i think you 're going to see albertsons really start to gain a strong foothold in phoenix in the next couple of years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to albertson 's today because i wanted to mix it up a bit . when i walked in and saw the prices , i remembered why i never shop there . this grocery store is one of the most expensive out there . it has sprouts prices but the same old regular grocery store products . the produce and meat are just as good quality as fry 's or safeway , so there is no advantage there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sad to see store close but i hope they put in something better , like a trader joe 's or a sprouts or fresh & easy idk ! i imagine prices are gon na be super great in the following weeks till closing in june . i have first dibs on the alcohol section btw ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "im impressed with cleanliness , organization , selection and bountiful array of otherwise unavailable items ! covered parking ? ? ? ? yes ! ! ! ! ! ! its arizona , way to go albertsons ! clean , neat and full of amazing goodies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i make a drive past two alberstons , in addition to appx eight other grocery stores just to come to this location . why you ask ? i can not say enough about the service we receive from jimmy , he always remembers us and knows just how we like our filets cut . he always has a smile on his face , he is a big asset to your company ... i will continue to make my drive to your store as long as i have jimmy on your team . thank you for the years of great service jimmy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing birthday cake ! lets face it , how much is a cake really worth ? great price for a beautiful and very tasty cake , 17.99 . i ordered this cake for my daughter it was one of the prettiest cakes i have seen . you can order them on line , very convenient , choose from many styles , choose your cake , icing and filling . they have many to pick from . the cake decorator is very talented ! i believe you only need to give them 24 hours for an order . they are not the standard designs that most stores offer . very cute designs and really different than what i have seen in the past . give them a try . i will surely order from this store again , very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have n't heard about zets then you must be living under a rock lol . just kidding . for those of you that have not heard about it well here it is . this is a legend located right by the airport . this is a 24 hour place that 's right 24 7 . all day breakfast and all day dinner . that 's right you can have bacon and eggs and a zet burger at the same time . zets serves everything from simple breakfast right down to steak dinners . tons more options in between of course . i have been to zets more times than i can count at all hours of the day and night . i have never been let down . my personal favorites are the souvlaki and the burgers . keep in mind ive tried almost everything on the menu lol . i must warn you about the portions here . they are insaneeeee . there is nothing small at zets lol . zets deserves 5 stars all the way . keep up the great work guys and see you soon . day or night hmmm not to sure lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somehow , we ended up here after one of those `` where the hell are we going '' moments ... luckily we were hungry because the portions are huge ! you could easily share , that 's for sure . you are getting your money worth here but i actually prefer smaller portions because i find more care is put into the food . it 's also open 24 hours which i am not fan of , i understand it is located at the airport and people are always coming and going but ... being open 24 hours does n't give them the proper time to clean the place ... the food here is all over the place , from burgers to greek , poutine and more ... the quality of the food is lacking , the prices may be fair but you are really getting what you pay for , low quality slop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "24 hours ! all day dinner ! i can imagine my yelp friend whispering in my ears ... . all day dinner ! 16oz steak medium rare , you can do it ! ! but this like 7:30 am not 7:30 pm , though the sky still looked dark . breakfast starts from $ 5.95 meatless breakfast that includes bottomless coffee , priced like hong kong style cafe i frequented made me feel at home ! do i want the meat ? yes i want the meat ( $ 6.95 ) ! 3 big meaty greasy breakfast sausages , really hit the spot ! ! toast soaked with butter ! eggs over easy ! and potato too ... . washing down my greasy breakfast with cups of coffee really gave me a kick start and wake me up a little from just the 2 hours sleep the night before . hate those early flights ! nice cooks and cashier addressed me as ms. zet 's restaurant is not as ghetto as i expected ! cash only ! see the sign at the cash points towards the atm !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "portions are big big big ! many places will advertise big portions but when you get there , all you get are big portions of things you do n't like . like lots of rice , potatoes , veggies etc . here , the size of the pork is the size of my knuckles . i think you get about 5 really really big pieces in the pork dinner . the size of the 10oz steak was pretty decent as well . again , with some places , they advertise 10oz but after cooking , it looks like the piece of meat when on a instant diet . this is not the case here , meat was big . taste wise , could 've been better . but got to caught up when i saw the amount of food i 'm entitled too . price wise , not that bad . not the cheapest but definitely not expensive . you definitely get more than you pay for . will i come back ... yes . need to get my hands on their burgers . looked like the size of my head .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "diner open 24 hrs ... ... ..great ! i 've been going here for years and this place never surprises me ! good food , great prices and the souvlaki dinner is huge ( enough for two to share ) with the home made tzatziki and greek salad..its one of my favourites . i 've had breakfast here at 3 am , lunch at noon and even had dinner here ... ..always fun to watch the variety of people eating here - very cool mix , yyz employees , police , office workers , tourists and the list is endless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just came back from vancouver and it was difficult to find a good restaurant that was open late . found zets on yelp and damn , this restaurant is a go . long wait but that 's because the food is amazing . being open 24 hours is awesome . got ta try their famous chicken souvlaki , by far my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy . fucking . shit . i wish someone warned me and my diet about the serving sizes here . no wonder it 's all men inside the restaurant . the souvlaki dish is enough food to feed a small family , and the steak dish is equally as large . i can never , ever finish a plate from there so i 'd suggest if you 're a woman on the tinier side you 'd get one to share . it really sucks that they do n't take any cards , so come with cash ... but i mean , it 's an old school diner so it adds to the feel ... i guess . as for the quality of the food , it 's delicious . it will put you to sleep though ; literally the souvlaki is huge and at one point i actually got tired of chewing . it 's a great late night spot though ; especially if your ravished and want a heap of good food without the fuss . i 'll go back ... . and share my plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after hearing about zet 's from many people , i decided to check it out ! i was a little put off at first by the look of the place but once i got my food my mind changed ! i got the chicken souvlaki ... its huge and delicious ! it could easily feed two people . i ca n't wait until my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only been here twice , but still dream about the amazing food from time to time . cash only ( usually a problem for me because i never carry any ! ) location : very out of the way for me , since i live in the east end , but it has become my go-to spot for a pre-flight meal . price : very reasonable for the portions you get ! food : amazing ! so flavourful ! portions are huge . as mentioned , i always come before a flight . i never finish my food , and do n't usually bring my leftovers with me ... which is unfortunate . service : you line up to order and then take your food to the table ( so no table service ) , but when you 're done you leave it at the table and they will clean it up . i like how casual it is . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had steak and eggs at 1am . really nice tender steak . i was pleasantly surprised . cafeteria style so ambiance is pretty basic but food was good . fast service too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place and it 's busy because it 's great . awesome breakfast and awesome souvlaki . wish they had debit . the burger is decent at best and i would n't go for that . anything greek here is great . salads are good too . huge portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food with even greater portions ! this place is 24hours so that 's a bonus . try the chicken souvlaki dinner . i guarantee you will not leave hungry . their menu has something for everybody plus they have all day breakfast . just remember to bring cash since they do n't accept debit or credit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "damn that chicken was juicy ! the portions are big and definitely quick despite walking in and seeing a long line . ou can tell there are many locals that come by here often . prices are fair for the portions you get and speed of the service . i walked in here with my family not planning on having anything cause i was n't hungry . i could n't have been more wrong about by appetite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my experience was n't really even with the restaurant , it was the parking enforcement officer that was working there . as soon as i walked in with my kids he was a big help . he held the door open for us , told me where the high chairs were . then as i go to order , he brought a high chair to my table . as i am bringing the food tray to my table he then asks if he could get water for my daughter because he noticed she did n't have a drink with her food . the gentleman was very helpful , he made my lunch there enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and friendly service . note this is a cash only restaurant . only down side is my food was ready long before my husband 's but not a big deal for us . his zet burger was massive and delicious . i had the chicken souvlaki dinner which was way too much food . the greek salad was great and i could have done with just the salad and chicken . did n't need the rice and potatoes . we have been twice now and will be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . this place looks like it 's stuck in the 80 's but damn is the food good ! $ 10 gets you one hell of a meal . bring your appetite because the portions are ridiculously huge . i had their `` famous '' chicken slouvaki and it was good nicely . came with a platter of salad , rice , potatoes and a bun . as much as i wanted to , i could n't finish my whole meal . great value . bring cash . no credit or debit here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food here was pretty decent , the portions were absolutely humongous . i got the pork souvlaki on a bun , and after eating 3 4 of it i felt like i was going to explode . huge chunks of meat , so you definitely get bang for your buck . i found the pork to be a little bit dry , but that might also be because there was so much and i just got tired of eating after a while . my friend got the fish and chips and complained that it was too greasy . it 's a good place for people who just want to get a decently priced meal and enjoy large portions . nothing gourmet , but will fill you up and satisfy you if you 're not too picky . plenty of varied options ( steak , souvlaki , breakfast foods , burgers , gyros , etc . ) for the hungry . cash only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after finishing my shift at the airport , it was well after 2am in the morning so my colleague and i decided to give zets a go . big mistake , i could n't walk out to my car after being filled with so much food ! ! and for the price , get out of town . it was insane ! everything tasted pretty good and all i wanted to do was eat more ! i definitely would come here if i ever was in the area again because everything is just amazingly well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great , price is a little high , over cooked rice with the slovaki dinner and not the greatest eating area kind of feels like a dungeon . but great spot for a quick late night snack .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent place , good food , never closes , it 's a must for people who like greek food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great all day all night diner near the airport . big portions . juicy meat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "home sweet home . during the weekday morning rush hours , these folks here are machines . the line may wrap around , but the staff here are some of the fastest i 've seen . they know the regulars and have their orders ready before they 've even made it to the cashier . they 're also the nicest group of staff of any tim 's i 've ever been . the `` kids '' who work here are awesome and i will be sad when most of them head off to university soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here are what make this location so great . mary who works the morning shift is amazing . so kind and thoughtful . she really is the most exceptional staff person i 've ever come across - tim hortons is lucky to have her . staff are fast , efficient , and always have a smile on their face . love this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to like tim hortons . i just ca n't get myself to buy anything from here anymore . i rated it 3 starts because is not as bad . i just do n't like them and that is my personal opinion . but i already see tons of people buying here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i decided to stop in here recently to buy some dental spray for our dogs as a friend told me about this items and told me that she was only able to get it at pet planet soooo i searched for one and lord and behold there was one a mile from work ! i stopped in on my lunch hour and victoria was soooo friendly and extremely helpful as this was my first time to pet planet . it was a tuesday so she told me the specials on the bones and of course i bought 4 and a bag of the bully sticks an the dental spray . my large dog loved the bones i got ( and the bully sticks ) and my other dog wanted to like the bone but it was a tad large for her but is obsessed with the bully sticks and i love how they are cut as it 's a perfect treat for them ! the dental spray is easy to give to them and they also do n't mind it at all . i know i will be back in the very near future to buy more goodies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i loved this store . we have a new puppy and needed food for him . the young lady greeted us right away and was available for questions . when we were checking out she put us into their computer system and asked for the names of our pets . she told us about all of the specials they do and encouraged us to being our dogs in on fridays . it was over all a really great experience . we have been shopping at a different pet food store for a while with mediocre service . so glad we went into this store ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mes papilles criaient sushis apr\u00e8s le travail l'autre jour et je suis ravie d'avoir d\u00e9couvert ce restaurant sushis all you can eat qui offrait un take-out ! j'ai appel\u00e9 20 minutes \u00e0 l'avance , fait ma commande et tout \u00e9tait pr\u00eat \u00e0 \u00eatre pay\u00e9 \u00e0 mon arriv\u00e9e ! ils ont quand m\u00eame une bonne s\u00e9lection de sushis et offrent des combos int\u00e9ressants incluant soupe et salade . le prix est extr\u00eamement abordables pour la taille des sushis ! souvent , on retrouvait \u00e9normement de tempura dans les rouleaux mais je dois \u00e9galement pr\u00e9ciser qu'ils ne l\u00e9sinaient pas sur le poisson et leurs sushis n'avait pas trop de riz . pas le meilleur des sushis mais sushi plus saurait satisfaire rapidement un craving : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "without any exaggeration- this place serves some of the worst sushi i have ever eaten . given the fact that we have tried many other ayce sushi places as well as the finer establishments over the years , we went with low expectations to give this place a chance . we were even terribly disappointed after setting the bar quite low . the sushi is extremely thin and the rice is so poorly made it 's as though it was the chef 's first day making it . everything is extremely salty and the spicy salmon tuna have perhaps a minute trace of meat ( we did n't see or taste any ) and consists wholly of the rice crispies . the only saving grace was the small slices of fried banana , even the ice-cream was obviously low quality . if you have any problems with blood pressure- the sodium content here will send your pulse through the roof . skip this place- there are far better ayce sushi places . i am very surprised why it received any favourable ratings .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for dinner a couple of weeks ago and it was a huge letdown , the maki rolls lacked any kind of taste , so to avoid more of that , we switched to tempura and non sushi items , also a letdown . the service became slow and they did not bring so much to our table that we finally left , we got the impression they did not want to serve us any more . on or 2 items missing i can understand , but not 7-8 . i have never seen them like this , i will give them another try after seeing more positive reviews here . what makes a standout lunch option so terrible at night ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "greetings sushi lover , i am not use to write often , but when i see a good place i want others to enjoy it too.this place opens at 11 am in saturday and sunday too . the red tuna is out of this word . the sashimi mels in your mouth . if you go there you muist try the eel , the spicy sammon and the dumpling nothing like you have teated anywhere . service is excellent fast , even when they busy . there , everyone with a big smile . if you are first time sushi eater , they will explain everything to you it is really that good pure japnaness sushi . nothing less than perfect.children are welcomed there . please let me know your opnion , when you get around trying them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food but the service is terrible . i 've been coming to sushi plus for a few years now and the service used to be good . however , the service went down hill ever since they opened up other locations . i guess they transferred the good servers to the other restaurants . now the servers are very slow and forget to bring out some of your orders . i 've gone a few times to give them a chance to redeem themselves but the service is still horrible . sushi is very good . i am also a fan of the cumin beef and the yakitori chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was great sushi , and the prices were phenomenal- 14.99 for ayce lunch , which includes salmon and white tuna sashimi ! that is great . my only beef is that while they dont overstuff with rice ( rare for ayce ) , they dont give a lot of fish in their rolls . they tend to put more veggies , or tempura bits , rather than the salmon . also , their service leaves more to be desired . however , in terms of variety , cleanliness , and quality of their rolls , i was very impressed ! i will definitely return", "score": "4"}
{"review": "comment manger bien plus qu'\u00e0 sa faim ! les buffet sont traitres parfois ... pour un prix abordable ( 25 $ sans compter les taxes ) , vous avez \u00e0 votre port\u00e9e une panoplie de sushis , sashimis , etc . d\u00e9guster sans compter ! tr\u00e8s bonne cuisine , savoureuse . l'arri\u00e8re du restaurant , la cuisine , laisse \u00e0 d\u00e9sirer , mais la nourriture y semble pourtant fra\u00eeche ! je me suis r\u00e9gal\u00e9e , malgr\u00e9 la vue des coulisses du restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u00e9tant une grosse amatrice de sushi , cette place me semblait l'endroit id\u00e9al pour du sushi \u00e0 volont\u00e9 . beuacoup de choix . service rapide et atmosph\u00e8re agr\u00e9able ... par contre , nous avons arr\u00eat\u00e9 d'y aller apr\u00e8s avoir d\u00e9couvert que le saumon dans le maki avait des os . et cela nous a simplement dit une chose : saumon en canne ! nous n'y allons plus jamais , mais les autres choix de sushis sont tr\u00e8s bon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as a student , finding reasonable prices for lunch is always a plus . this place is quite far out of downtown montreal if you do n't have a car , but it is worth the trek . good quality and fresh sushi and a great price of 13.99 for the all-you-can-eat menu ( plus a 10 % student discount ! ) recommend trying the red bean ice cream for dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good and affordable sushi buffet ; for $ 14.99 on lunch time you have a wide selection of items to choose from , and vetegetarian options as well . the food tastes fresh and is salty but good . service was fairly quick on a weekday at lunch time . a buffet i will go back to , certainly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place a few times and i honestly do n't get why it 's only a 3 5 on here . for a ayce i can honestly say that the quality is pretty good if you compare around . i like the fact that you order off an ipad . they have an extensive menu with a nice selection of makis . i usually go for sashimi , makis and some sides like the chicken yakitori , shrimp tempura and beef rib . we always end the show with some green tea ice cream . i had no issue whatsoever with the service i definitely recommend this place if you 're looking for a decent ayce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price it 's not bad , staff r friendly and fast ... i liked their salmon sashimi , some hot food was good as well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but worst service ever this is my 3rd time ... things havent change im done with this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "20 minutes d'attente entre chaque plat de sushi qui arrive , les plats de g\u00e9n\u00e9ral tao sont tr\u00e8s petits . la premi\u00e8re fois que j'y suis all\u00e9 , j'ai vomis arriv\u00e9 chez nous . j'y suis retourn\u00e9 pour un ami et j'ai presque pas mang\u00e9 de sushi ( juste du poulet ) ce qui m'a fait \u00e9vit\u00e9 de vomir encore . au moins les serveurs \u00e9taient souriants en terme de qualit\u00e9 , sushi palace est 1000x mieux ! ! ( sans vouloir faire un placement de produit )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food and good service but they will have to give the right orders because we didnt order many rolls with rice but they end up giving other people order with a lot of rolls . also soft drink was included on previous visit at this restaurant but seems on last saturdays the waiter say no and it will be charge . i might going to give a last try and it will be it ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a good place to try out . their 13 $ all you can eat in the afternoon is decent but a little too salty for my taste . the service is slightly slow and they are under staffed for what they promote . there desert ( ice cream ) is very good , try red bean ice cream you will not regret it , unless your allergic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst service ever , and the food is not much better . visit this restaurant if you have half a day to waste waiting for your food to arrive ... literally ! after a couple of hours , i got food poisoning . as i am writing this review , i hope not to require hospitalization .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "choose wisely when you come here . a lot of yummy food.i love the cumin beef , and their sushi is good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eh it 's sushi so it ca n't be so bad but i think a lot of sushi buffets are better . although it 's reasonably priced and it comes with dessert , i would n't mind going again and again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "un bon restaurant sushi all you can eat sur montreal . pour les remarques n\u00e9gatives : le riz ne colle pas forc\u00e9ment sur tous les sushis et makis propos\u00e9s ce qui est parfois d\u00e9plaisant lors de la d\u00e9gustation et le personnel ne parle pas un mot de fran\u00e7ais . pour les c\u00f4t\u00e9s positifs j'ajouterai le concept de commande par tablette qui rend le service tr\u00e8s rapide et une carte relativement fournie .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not the best sushi place out there but it will do the job.the staff are quite nice but the meals are well presented but not as tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice place , one of the best all you can eat sushi place in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service \u00e9tait affreux , les serveurs sont lents et oublient souvent les commandes . la quantit\u00e9 \u00e9tait l\u00e0 , mais pas la qualit\u00e9 . riz \u00e9tait sec et certains sushis avaient trop de riz . les plats sont amen\u00e9s ( strat\u00e9gie de certains all you can eat ) par des petites portions . j'\u00e9tais dans plusieurs buffets de sushis , c'est un des pires , je ne retournerai pas ici .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food and fresh and clean , very nice deco , kind and friendly stuff , eat all you can with a very reasonable rate , my favourite", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this all you can eat sushi restaurant is definetly a hidden gem . it 's a good place for just 2 people or large groups . the sushi is fresh and they have a much better selection in comparison to others restaurants . the service is quick , but not too quick so it 's enjoyable . they also have food as part of their all you can eat menu which is good if youbhave friends who are n't sushi fans . must-trys : kamikaze , honey sushi , sweet potato tempura and sesame balls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is really good if you 're looking for that west indian flavour ! curry chicken roti and jerk chicken chow mein are a must try , not to mention the most popular pepper shrimp that 's on their menu . if you 're looking to have a drink the beer is pretty cheap here . i definitely recommend that it 's a must try : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i passed by this place on friday and it looked like a happening caribbean dance..i will be back to try it.in the meantime , the pepper shrimp is good . ..so i 've been back to try it a couple times now . it 's a solid place , gets started not too late past mignight..and good crowd of ppl that come to actually dance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is always surrounded by loud people , with loud music and it smells terrible . not pleasant walking past this place in the night time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nuovo to hit the scene ( badum , bum ... . i 'll be here all week ) pasta nuvo has some super solid things going for it . first off , the space is warm , inviting , relaxing and expansive . expansive ? whatever do you corey d ? it 's open , sweeping , and what an italian landscape would look like if it were plucked from overseas and dropped in america 's dairlyland . the service is spot on and the patio is lovely for afternoon vino and some nosh with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was pleasantly surprised by our first dining experience at past nuovo . first off it was still open at 8:20 p.m. on a sunday in middleton ( open until 9 p.m. ) . we started with an arugula salad with heirloom grape tomatoes . the tomatoes were delicious and the arugla and light dressing were fresh and interesting . we split a `` white '' flatbread with olive oil , garlic and corn . the flatbread was chewey and tasty , but next time we will likely try a flatbread with more ingredients . we also split a short rib ravioli served in a broth reduction sauce . the portion was small ( 3 round pieces ) , but the taste was definitely there . nice wines by the glass . we wanted to try a desert but they were sold out of the ones that interested us . many menu items feature local and or organically grown ingredients and everything we had was made from scrtach . we will be back and hope it does well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummmmmmmmmmmmy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i was looking for an italian restaurant that would be great for myself , my husband , his work friend and my 8 month old . this place did not disappoint . the ambiance and landscape is gorgeous ! the bruschetta and ravioli were amazing ! definitely a great choice to go for a working dinner or romantic date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pasta nuovo is fantastic ! we received great service at the bar and the food was really yummy ! the calamari was outstanding ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bruschetta was amazing ! finest ingredients . lovely setting and the kindest service . this is a gem , and it is organic . remarkable first visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looove trying new restaurants , and was so happy to try out this one this weekend . two words : amazing pizza ! will definitely be back to try all of them . love the atmosphere and service , and especially love that everything is local and fresh . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've visited pasta nuovo twice in the past week for weekday lunches . both times , the service was friendly , enthusiastic , and very fast . and the pasta -- the pasta ! -- was some of the best i 've ever had . both visits , i ordered the superb pasta primavera , which came with a varying mix of very fresh , flawlessly cooked vegetables ( crispy , with just the lightest glaze of butter , oil , and garlic ) . the first time , my pasta was piled with zucchini , asparagus , and tomatoes . the second time , it was sugar snap peas , asparagus , tomatoes , and watermelon radishes . stunning ! the pasta itself , a very wide papardelle ( could almost be considered a lasagna noodle ) , was cooked perfectly al dente . i ca n't wait to go back -- maybe tonight -- and maybe i 'll dare try a different exceptional dish next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liked tutto pasta when it was around , so was excited to see what the new place would be like . did not disappoint . food was very good , the caprese with the little mozzarella balls is actually a fun way to eat it . i had the pappardelle bolognese and it was delicious . could have used a little bit more meat in the sauce , but overall solid . service was awesome , our waiter made sure to explain all about the menu and the sources of all the food . hope this place does well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unimaginative menu & cooking . the service was inept . not a good place for a relaxing dinner , we were rushed even though the place was empty and not close to their closing time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we arrived after an afternoon badger game . place was packed and there was a 30 minute wait . we moseyed up to the bar . drink special was a pomegranate lychee martini . only $ 6 during sat . prime time ! bartender was great ! he made the fresh pressed pomegranate juice that morning . also found out he makes his own bitters ! got seated in a booth . decor was warm and inviting . they renovated the old tutto space and added dark wood and trim . nice setting for a date . food was really good . not super heavy italian , more of a northern style . gf had the heirloom beet pasta with goat cheese . great flavors and pine nuts added a good texture . i had tiger prawn and garlic pasta . flavor was great , however , they were n't as big as my expectation of prawns . more a good sized shrimp . the tiramisu was amazing ! we will go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh , the service was fine , the ambiance is there , the girl across from me was pretty , but the food is truly mediocre . i had the fig prosciutto flat bread pizza and i had difficulty finding any prosciutto . not seasoned very well , my pizza supposedly fired in a wood fired oven had no hint of smokiness and sauce was almost nonexistent . this restaurant will not last if they ca n't bring big flavors to the table . three stars for ambiance and service only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had heard some good things about pasta nouvo and were excited to visit . unfortunately we were treated to mediocrity it 's best . the staff was pleasant enough but not very well informed . the food was quite disappointing . without going into great detail ... ..let 's just say ... ... ..if we wanted a chain restaurant experience we would have went to a chain restaurant . probably will not return anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this cosy little chinese restaurant is tucked away in the pedestrian way of the main shopping area of the deans area of livingston , but is easily accessable from the m8 motorway . the surroundings are of an eastern flavour , and the waitresses all wear the national dress , the food is superb and reasonably priced , the staff are pleasant and attentive , and the service is first rate , settle in here for a nice meal and you may have to be thrown out ! as it is so comfortable and enjoyable . give it a whirl !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a lovely restaurant , real cosy , service is the best and the food is always scrumptious , have tried their delivery service too , very polite on the fone and real fast delivery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "prices are very good at this chinese restaurant , especially their set menus , which have quite a good choice . it is a nice quiet restaurant , very intimate . food is of high quality and the portions are quite big also . staff are friendly and the food is served quickly also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is delicious , reasonably priced , clean tidy restaurant", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is nothing that i dont love about this restaurant , the staff are always lovely no matter how busy they are . the food has always been cooked to perfection with even detail on the carrots that decorate the plates cut into little flowers as with tomatoes . the decor makes it so inviting and comforting that you just sink into your seat and relax . the cost of the food is very reasonable but yet the quality and amount you receive makes you feel your not paying enough . this to me is one of my favourite chinese restaurants . the only downside that i must mention is that there is no disabled bathroom , but otherwise completely disabled accessable . would have been 5 5 if the disabled facilities were better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant , superb food and good service , never had a bad meal there . their menu is very varied too , not just the usual dishes which you get everywhere . their take aways are good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im going there tonight ... .again , love the golden swallow in bathgate for curry 's , but for anything else , it has to be here.the thai currys are excellent as well , tho the green one is very hot . all in all a little diamond & my favaourite chinese restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located just steps away from the leslie subway stop on the sheppard subway line , this clinic offers naturopathic services with student interns and supervising doctors . there are some good pricing options to choose from and most insurance providers will accept receipts from the clinic ( as long as naturopathic health services are covered in your plan ) . the clinic staff are accommodating and weekend appointments are available here . keep in mind that your appointments will generally be held on the same day and time each week so that the supervising doctor can follow up treatments .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the clinic is awesome - but do not shop at the adjoining store ! the prices are not just a bit higher than normal - they are up to 50 % more ! for example - one greens product was $ 29.99 at ambrosia , and $ 43.99 at the store ! it is a shame that the owners of the store are taking advantage of patients that come through the door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am seeing a naturopathic intern right now . but she 's already got a great body of knowledge about holistic things before becoming an intern so i 'm doing really well with her . i like that this clinic has the option of seeing interns . i do hope that they fix their air conditioning as i came here when it was a hot summer day & it was very hot in their reception area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend who lives in vegas met up w me to take me around outside the vegas strip and dtlv which are the only spots i usually stay when visiting . so she decided to first take me to red rock canyon . as we entered we parked here at the visitor center to use the restroom and see the store and other things here before heading to the actual canyon and other attractions to see . note the restrooms are outside of the visitor center there are none inside . once inside you do get a nice window view of the red rock canyon and some history notes and other things to look at and read about the canyon . of course there is also a gift shop as well . also cell service here is very spotty most areas you wo n't get a signal at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stop here before you go on the 13-mile scenic route . trust me , it 's worth it . and definitely a must stop if you have children with you as they can learn about the elements of earth , wind , fire , and water on the nifty displays . not to say that adults wo n't enjoy it 'cause i definitely did ! you can also refill your water bottles here . not sure if the fountain is broken or they really just have it running continuously . clean restrooms were a definite plus ! note , there is a separate listing for the 13-mile scenic route ( http : www.yelp.com biz 13-mile-scenic-drive-las-vegas )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a gem of las vegas ! take a short drive out charleston to see how beautiful the high desert is ! the visitor center was recently remodeled and is now such a fun and educational experience . the outdoor exhibit is really interesting and interactive . it is really neat if you are from a different environment . you can really learn about the desert here and appreciate it for what it 's worth . it is also a great thing to do with your kids . and my favorite , mojave max lives there in the outdoor tortoise habitat . if you get to see him , he is pretty cute ! he is also a vegas celebrity , kind of like phil the groundhog is on the east coast . you also want to stop here for practical reasons , a potty break ! once you are on the loop , you are on it for 13 miles and the bathrooms are far between and a little stinky , especially in the summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so it was almost 100\u00b0 and my thoughts were : breeze in , grab my senior lifetime pass , drive the loop and go find some air conditioned space and get on with my vacation . i got entranced with the visitor center and spent over an hour there and ca n't wait to make another trip there as i really did n't spend time with all the exhibits . i also spent over an hour driving the 13 mile loop and doing some easy hikes . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for $ 7 it 's worth every penny to take this 13 mile scenic drive . or if you 're more outdoorsy plan to take a long hike . there are many trails and at different difficulty levels . this is where the desert visuals sing and where pictures will not do justice . there are a multitude of hiking trails for every skillset and even picnic areas and overlooks where you can park and take a minute to soak in the landscape . the colors are amazing when the sun is setting . for the more adventurous , there are even areas to rock climb . definitely next on my bucket list ! when you start the drive you can enter the visitor center and get a little history on the canyon . we visited in february and can not wait until it warms up a little more and to get really close up ! it just an 40 minute drive from the strip . nature shines brighter then the lights of vegas here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "informative visitors center and rest stop before starting the scenic loop drive . staff is friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love that you can just drive and enjoy the scenery if you choose not to get out and explore . is so beautiful all the way around you wo n't regret it . make sure to bring some water with you and snacks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love coming here ! when friends or family are visiting , i make rr a must see for them . depending who , i suggest a hike ! a hidden gem in las vegas , more tourists should make a visit . the visitor center has gorgeous views from the panoramic windows and is spotless inside ! the staff always great you with a smile & are informative about rr canyon . a couple of miles away is rr casino & hotel . some nature & gambling and such ! something for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding ! a must go if visiting las vegas . a special shout out to lynn who was the person we spoke to about the hikes available . she recommended the calico tank hike . this hike is considered a `` moderate '' level difficulty . moderate , if you are a 24 year old collegiate athlete but not moderate if you are a 61 year old ex collegiate athlete with balance issues . it was tough but worth it ! the view at the top was incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the remodeled center features indoor and outdoor exhibits that focus on the canyon and are relevant to both kids and adults . the gift shop is also worth checking out , and there is a small area for a rotating art exhibit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have some really pretty necklaces for $ 10 very resonable . loved shopping here . lots of information . we also got a coin made . it is located on the right as you walk in the doors . its super cool ! ! not the penny rolling tupe coin but an actual pressed one already made . they have alittle museum in there where you can see the artifacts and learn about the area . a must for kids and adults of all ages . clean restrooms also . below is the picture of my $ 10 necklace ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must-see for fans of the mountains when they head out to red rock . start your drive here and get the most out of your park pass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if your looking to go out and are bored , go hike at red rock , i use to hike here every other day every week for training and conditioning . if your looking for relaxation , to get out , or actually hike red rock is where it 's at . i recommend turtle head peak for the best viewing spot , calico tanks which is in the same area as turtle head peak , both have good views , but the highest one is turtle head peak . very laid back environment just bring plenty of water for your day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! ! ! i finally got a year pass and go as often as possible ! love the hikes , rock climbing and awesome scenery ! ! ca n't think of a better place to take my dogs or hang out with my kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "18 miles of some of the most beautiful landscape i have ever seen . it was peaceful , not to hot , and tons of red rocks . make sure you have plenty of gas and water when you enter the main road because there are no shops here . this is one of the many ways to enjoy vegas if you do n't want to do the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is first come , first serve . they have quite a few campsites , like 70 . the bathrooms are kept impeccably clean and the campsites are very well organized and spacious . has a great time here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "red rock is one of my favorite places on earth and the visitors center lets you enjoy its beauty and learn a little bit more . please check it out and support this wonderful park .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the gift shop staff could use some training courses in customer service , especially the older southern woman who apparently is missing the words `` hello , '' `` how are you ? '' and `` thank you '' from her vocabulary . she asked for id when my mother paid by credit card , but never looked at the name on the card and failed to notice ( or point out ) that my mother had put her thumb over her name and address ( which she did on purpose ! ) . fortunately , the gift shop does not detract from the experience that can be had at red rock canyon . take the scenic drive , enjoy the breathtaking scenery and skip the gift shop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a beautiful place ! ! ! vegas is all bout glitz and glam but coming here is relaxing and such a gorgeous site to see ! my dad has lived here since the 80 's and i actually just went here a few years ago . great place to go and see what nevada has to offer ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you like caramel , that 's a given . you like apples , they come from trees . you never met a tree you did n't like . what would happen if you took an apple ( ask the tree for permission first ) , jabbed it with a stick and dipped it in melted caramel ? what if you let it dry and then took a bite ? i 'll tell you what `` might '' happen . the combination of sweet and tart will make your tastebuds explode . how about a nice red candy apple ? make sure to take inventory of your teeth fillings afterward . that 's just the apples . how about chocolates ? just the thought and smell of rich delicious chocolates can cause your good eye to twitch . nice little shop with cheery help behind the counter to compliment the treats you 're about to select . located inside the casino so you 'll have to collect some steps on the walk there from parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chocolate pecan bears and chocolate caramel popcorn are the two things i got to try from here . i did n't even know they had this place in vegas and so it was a nice little surprise to find out this place existed . the chocolate caramel popcorn was sweet and crispy . it was great . the chocolate pecan bears were individually wrapped and each one had some pecans and chewy caramel inside . this was a nice sweet treat too . tasty treats from this place can only make the vegas experience even sweeter !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to the orleans on so many occasions and did n't even know this place existed . i purchased a living social deal for candy apples on a whim and totally forgot about it until it was about to expire . the shop is located near the hotel elevators near the pool entrance and gift shop . service was standard and was pleasantly surprised to find out that my groupon allowed me to pick out some of the fancier candy covered apples as well . i decided to get a variety of flavors to bring to a game night i was having that evening . my favorite turned out to be the basic caramel apple with walnuts , but it was nice to get the chance to try other flavors like butterfinger and toffee covered . i do n't see myself coming here often , but it 's nice stop if you 're in the area and have a sweet tooth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've walked by here many times in my stays at the orleans . not much of a sweets person and the place is always packed . when i was leaving on my last stay i noticed they had a coffee and pastry special and i hoped it would be better than what i would normally get on my way out of town at the gas station . the coffee was only ok but the fresh pastries i got were very good ! of course being fresh the icing was gooey and got all over me on my way down the road . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little store . they have great fudge , great carmel apples . the place is never too busy and the staff is always patient and nice . they give small samples which helps me pick the tastiest treat . the chocolate factory is near the hotel elevators . a very convenient place to get your late night sweets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in the orleans casino , this establishment offers varieties of caramel apples , chocolate covered strawberries & gummy bears , coffee , and more . i had the german chocolate apple , which was very good . the sweetness of the chocolate and coconut blended well with the sourness of the green apple . one thing i really liked about this place was that they cut the apple for you . i did n't have to worry about getting all the chocolate and what not all over my face while nom nomin . i would suggest getting something other than the regular caramel apple . reason being , most of the caramel stuck to the paper that it was placed on . at least with the others , the toppings prevent the caramel from sticking . let the nom noming begin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they hit a home run for me ! ! i googled a candy store near lake las vegas and found them . they were picked as one of the top spots for sweets , so i gave them a try . i ordered by phone 700 miles away and they delivered candy to my relative staying a hotel near their store . they filled my order and ran it over to the hotel within 3 hours of me calling them ! ! my relatives loved the candy -- i got the 1 2 lb . assorted and chocolate covered strawberries . great experience ! i will remember this and look for your other locations when i need something like this again . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome selection . the butterfinger apple is the best in my opinion . crisp apples and thick coating . lots of flavor . presentation is awesome and very well organized . shop is clean and smells good . customer service was excellent and very friendly . definitely coming back soon", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very terrible place to get apples covered in sweet things . the service is horrible . this place only got 1 star is because the caramel apple is just descent enough to be good . and to be honest , i think that they could do way better but they are too lazy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good . it 's one of my favorite places to go when i want fresher chocolate . the only downside is probabbly the limited supply of some of the chocolates candies . they run out pretty fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great customer service , and great treats . i had the chocolate covered strawberries and they were fantastic . the store was clean and had a great vibe . maggie was very helpful and gave me a 10 10 experience . definitely plan on returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here specifically for a caramel apple craving ... the apples were just okay . the caramel is n't consistent -- -it 's really dark in color on some of the apples and really light tan color on others . they need to heat the caramel to an exact temperature every single time to get it perfect . it 's not a disneyland caramel apple but it did help my sweet tooth . i also order 1 2 pound of chocolate walnut fudge . the fudge was very dry and basically crumbled and turned mostly into dust . apples 2.5 5 fudge 1 5 friendly 5 5", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got a groupon coupon to try out the chocolate , unfortunately it was limited , to candied apples , dipped strawberries , fudge ( which i am not a fan of fudge ) and bark ... i was hoping to try the other chocolates in the small little store , oh well , will probably not go back , as you have to go thru the casino to get there , and drop a few quarters along the way ... the bark is ok , it is like eating a slab of chocolate , , i wish there were nuts in them.. really rich chocolate , it was tasty , , but i preferred a different selection ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place never has fudge available . i come about once a month and they always say they 'll have it later but they never do . the attitude is horrible and they expect a tip !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have the best chocolate ever and they give out really good serving sizes for the price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a piece of toffee covered in milk chocolate . excellent . good thing i only got one . way good and i could not have left another to wait . very good quality overall . i will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best marshmallow dipped in white chocolate and oreo topping ! they also sell candy apples , chocolates , etc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tucked away inside the orleans casino & hotel . i you have n't been there before , rmcf is just after the gift shop along your way to your rooms . they have a great selection of chocolate covered pretzels , fruit , graham crackers and other various things you can cover in chocolate . they seem to have discontinue some of the chocolate things like the raspberry cremes . but it 's really minor , when you see what else they have to offer . they also offer a wider selection of caramel apples with different toppings . apple pie and the walnut covered are really good . they also carry a small selection of holiday themed candies , depending on what holiday is current . friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's panda . it 's the only fast food close to my house and hence we go there out of desperation and desire for ok chinese food . it tastes fresh and the coupon on the back of the receipt for a free entr\u00e9e is used every time we go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have n't been back to this location for a while should have never gone back seems like if i ask for them to make something fresh i am putting them out . food on the line is always gross and seems like it has been out too long when the cook fresh they rush it and serve the meat raw", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and just do n't eat here . after living in the area for 5 years i have never had a good experience or properly prepared food . it 's been months since my last visit . i was quickly reminded why i avoid this location . i received my meal got home and was overwhelmed by the order of burnt food . gross burnt and inedible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not a fan of 2 star reviews , i do n't want to hurt a business . this is a frustrating one , because i love panda express . this panda express is more poorly run than any i have been to around the country . little things could improve it ( like making sure the person at the drive through speaks english ) . cooking the food on time . when you are running out of chicken on a regular basis that is just silly . once they were out of steamed rice ! how do you do that at panda ? whoever is hiring and training is the problem , because you know panda has good systems . slow ... .hopefully i will be able to update this with a positive review at some point , because this place is a 3 minute walk from my house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we come here all the time . fresh veggies and pretty good fast food . usually pretty quick and always tasty . love crab ran goons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sit at a desk all day looking in a microscope , for many excruciating hours at a time . i have a crappy , cheesy , and extremely uncomfortable chair that was temporarily made tolerable by some cheap lumbar support thing i found at staples . well , that pos lasted only two or three months before the strap broke , leaving me high , dry , and achy . once again on the prowl for a way to ease my desk-driving pain , i remembered this little store next to aj 's , after finding no acceptable options at tar-jay or staples . relax the back had a somewhat mind-boggling array of lumbar supports , as well as a friendly freshly-scrubbed guy ready to help me pick one out . five minutes later , i left with a very nice item -- nice and quick , no muss , no fuss . fabulous ! i 'm only taking one star off because the stuff is somewhat pricey , but since the products actually work the way they 're supposed to , it 's worth it . ahhh ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a big fan of some of things they carry but the 5 star review and reason for finally putting up a yelp was the service . both the salesman and owner really went out of their way during and more impressively after our fairly large purchase . we had a minor problem with a loose cord and they came right out and fixed it the same day i asked about it . any questions i had were answered immediately . i would highly recommend this place to anyone . we love our zero gravity chairs and the dreamwave massage chair continues to blow away every guest that has tried it at our house . if i could do things over we 'd replace our theater seats with their stuff in a second .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to get a chair for my father who has rheumatoid arthritis . however , i was not looking forward to dealing with a sales person . but the salesperson fabian was 100 % genuine in wanting to help us select the best chair for my dad . he was extremely knowledgeable of what would be best for my dad 's situation . he was not pushy nor did he try and use any sales tactics . i would recommend him to everyone . since then my dad 's mobility and comfortability has greatly improved . thanks relax the back ! and thank you fabian !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my shopping experience with relax the back was awesome . i needed to get a device to remove the knot from my shoulder , and i heard that they carry the thera-cane . i was tired of spending money on chiropractors and massage therapists , so when i heard that they carry the device here . i had to have it ! the sales girl was very helpful , and she explained some of the products that were on display . i even bought a back roller which is great for the spine . i just wished they carry the yoga inversion chair i used to own one , and i loved using it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i returned an item and i was treated rudely by the salesman working alone . the owner seems like a nice guy and was very nice with me . the products can be very good but they got ta work . i still have the seat cushion i bought for my injured tail bone 10 years ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the overall experience was fine for the place itself . unfortunately the riff-raff hanging out outside was not so pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for me , this is hands down the most consistent tasting tim horton 's coffee . i am almost never disappointed - and that is rare for any tims . this place is extremely busy from morning to night , the drive thru is always jam packed often causing traffic and congestion issues , their product is always fresh as the turnover in this place is unlike any other tims i have seen . there are many interesting folk who loiter and frequent this place , most times keeping to themselves , but pass that and you always get great coffee", "score": "4"}
{"review": "negatives : wifi does not work . people hanging outside . too loud to have a work meeting . positives : - courteous staff . good food", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every time i go to this wells fargo it is always an easy and informative trip . they are extremely friendly and welcoming . it does n't appear as fake friendliness . they try to help make the best of my account and suggest different ways to make banking easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service is awesome at this branch . they know my name every time i come in . amber and isaiah are fantastic as of course everyone else is and they are all so personable no matter how busy they are . smiles on there faces and a genuine love of the customers . if you are thirsty , never fear they will give you a water while you stand in line . which by the way is never long . thanks wells fargo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was very slow . the place was empty . they had a board written with specials stating `` during game '' and `` all day '' i ordered a cheese pizza . which should have been one of the specials being a two topping pizza . they charged me three dollars extra . and said that it was not part of the specials . that the specials were only for during the game . when i pointed at the sign that said clearly my cheese pizza should have been a special , being a `` 2topping pizza '' . the waitress argued with me , and denied the $ 3 price difference . see my picture of the specials board for example ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mulligans is overrated , with so-so food and an impatient wait staff . i do n't know why locals hype it up so much , or waste their time here aside from the convenience of it 's location . i 've heard enough bad stories to scare me away from this place for good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the thing i like about mulligan 's is that it 's consistent . service is consistently good . food is consistently better . and i consistently find myself at this watering hole all winter . my favorite night of the week to hang out at mulligan 's is on tuesdays , because they have bar trivia from 8-10 pm . anyone in the bar can play , and with a bit of dumb luck , you can win a certificate good for beer , food , or other goodies . this is my go to bar in the area . it 's definitely worth checking out if you 're looking for some above average bar food and great drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this bar . quiet little joint lots of tv 's", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popped in for a nightcap . nothing special about the place . bar service was friendly . older crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . the servers are very attentive and friendly . the house dressing at mulligans is so good and i recommend the steak salad . the wings are awesome when you get them well done and extra wet . on wednesday 's they have an awesome pizza deal . the patty meltmis another favorite . typical neighborhood bar which also means the bathrooms are a little sketchy . they do n't seem to get cleaned too often but that would be my only thing to knock on this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food . good prices . very cozy atmosphere . a great neighborhood pub that will surely become a regular stop . the wings are out of this world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've loved this place since i was a little girl . their wings are awesome , i find myself really disappointed every time i try to have wings somewhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mulligans tavern is on of my all time favorite local bars . as the name implies it 's a sports bar . it get 's pretty busy on game days , but usually pretty casual and friendly . they have a nice selection of domestics as well as imports . this is a sports bar , not a cocktail bar however . the food is really something i get at least once a week . the ruebens , turkey club , and burgers are all safe bets here . they also have real onion rings . in the summer they have outdoor seating which is always nice . i 've personally been treated nicely by all the servers here . this place will always be on the top of my list for food , and an occasional beer . the atmosphere is fantastic . be aware though , this is bar food- but bar food at it 's best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whether we eat there or order food to take out , we always enjoy our mulligans experience . we have gotten the pizza , wings , various sandwiches , fish and chips ( even better when dining in ) , salads ... all delicious ! we have young children , and find this place to be friendly for them ( especially at the hours we go : ) ) . i recommend this place to all !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are certain places that go unnoticed to some . every time i have eaten here it has been a great meal . great pub food ! the beer selection is amazing .everything i love in a restaurant . mulligans is tucked into a residential area and should be on everyone 's radar for tasty food and beverages .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time into this place , second time with bad service and long wait for food . food is nothing to rave about , most likely all frozen food . `` all day specials '' are only during the browns game , obviously ( refer to picture ) . will never recommend this place , and wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has an awesome chicken club sandwich . i get it almost every time , this is n't your deli meat kind of club . my mom loves the wings and they have a great beer list too . a good local spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is n't bad and the atmosphere is nice but the service is always terrible . it takes forever for someone to take your order or even bring drinks and good luck getting a refill . this has been a problem for years at mulligans .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "greatest grilled cheese in 10 mile radius ! pickles and food is always fresh and delivered within a decent amount of time- clean atmosphere- and the beer is always cold ! great corner bar- beats harry buffalo down the street in a flash !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too happy about this place tonight . usually the service is good but tonight they were exceptionally busy . reserved tables were everywhere empty or with one or two people . nowhere to sit down so me and my teenage son sit down at the bar and wait . fifteen minutes later a barmaid comes up and says we ca n't sit here . not even nice about it , sorry your day sucks too , you are in the service industry and if you want to continue being busy you better treat your customers better . even the future ones", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they seem like really nice people and it looks like it has a fun bar crowd , but our meal was just so-so . we may have ordered poorly , but the meals were not great . my husband liked his burger , but i ordered the pub melt and it was really bland . my daughter ordered chicken fingers and i tried them when i did n't like my pub melt and they were just average . the pretzel appetizer was good , but the cheese was kind of gross . it seemed like it had been sitting out for a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service is slowwww . and it 's not even that busy . took 30 minutes for an order of wings . they weee good though . the servers do n't seem to know how to hustle", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my experience here . there are a few interesting beers on their list including a pineapple beer and a chocolate beer . it 's a place for sandwiches and burgers primarily , but they do have some very irish options that i do n't see around too often including boxty . there are tvs all over the place set to a variety of sports , the bartenders are friendly but admittedly not the most attentive and this was noticed on both of my visits so far . i plan on coming back to try more the plates though , for the price it 's a decent meal with some interesting options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a great spot to bring friends . particularly on 10 cent wing night ( though no carry-outs or doggy bags ) where you get some of the best wings in cleveland super cheap . they may not have as many sauces as winking lizard , but the wings themselves are actually substantial and not little nubbins . good burgers , good service , good bar , and good prices overall . its one of those places that you go back to often , and never really have a bad experience . probably one of the most consistent places i eat at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner here last night . service was absolutely amazing ! it may have been a different person every time , but there was always someone at our table if we needed anything ! food was ok , seemed frozen pre-made . good bar for a late night snack with great service and a good beer list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as good a pub grub as you are going to find in the lyndhurst , highland heights , mayfield area . the food here is always well above average and does n't have that processed feel and taste you 'll find in chains . the chicken fingers seem to be hand cut as do the fries . service has been an issue with others . i 've not had that problem . the atmosphere is relaxed , the drinks are cold , the food is good . it 's what you hope the bar in your neighborhood will be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food only warm service slow wait staff work with heads down and scowl.no discover card ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we go to mulligan 's frequently . the food has always been good . i specially enjoy the pub burgers ... sliders . the drinks are great . the best part is the service . if you need anything you can ask any server and they will take care of you . the atmosphere is friendly and located in our neighborhood . we enjoy it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to stop for a bite to eat . chicken wrap is yummy , cobb is good , wings are great . servers split all tips so they all take care of every table which can be confusing but ... definitely a place to come back to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have good happy hour prices for drinks , but no food specials . their wings are pretty good , with specials on tuesdays and thursdays . i only have two complaints about this place . meals are served with chips , upgradable to fries for two bucks . let 's face it ... . nobody likes eating chips for dinner . also , although attentive , the servers often appear impatient . other than that , i do frequent this place a few times a year and recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went during wing night and it was not incredibly busy . wings were very good as was the music ( touchtunes ) . the service was very bad . the servers ( we had a total of 4 ) seemed to be confusing orders and mixing up the flavor of wings we got . one of the members of our party got a vodka red bull and the waitress did n't even open the redbull and pour it in . she simply dropped off both for the drinker to mix himself . overall bad experience but the food saved it . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my go to places for meeting friends after work . a nice neighborhood bar with a decent beer selection and diverse menu . there are two pretty decent sized dining areas with plenty of seating and enough tvs to watch the games . the .50 wing nights on tuesdays and thursdays are super popular . i would have to say that they have best wings on this side of town . the cajun dry rub wings are my favorite item here . i have also enjoyed the fish and chips and burgers . the service is good and the bartenders attentive . a solid pub for food and drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would like to personally apologize to the staff of mulligan 's for my repeated escapades after partaking in the refreshments . there is just something about this place that encourages excess drinking ... or perhaps it 's just the particular group of people who i hang out with here ? ? the food is above-grade , i was expecting typical bar food but the dishes i have tried have been pretty good . ( that might also be due to the excess refreshments ) ... but i think you would be safe trying some of their specialty dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had one of the top 10 burgers i 've ever eaten there last week . the smoky ghost burger is amazing ! i had to knife and fork it because it was so big . at $ 9.50 it 's a steal ! next time i go out to philips for training i know where i 'm going for lunch . it 's only about 2 miles from the plant in . on an interesting side note the mayor and some of his legal staff were there for lunch as well meeting with a contractor . they were cheap tippers leaving only a $ 2 tip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cuban sandwich , cajun wings , clam basket , yum . good bar food , regular drink bar selection . great place to stop in and have a snack and a drink . trivia on tuesdays . love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you ca n't beat wing night ! my husband and i got out of there with a $ 17 tab including beer . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let 's be honest , no one orders chinese delivery for fine dining . you order it because you have no food in your house or are too lazy drunk hungover to drive somewhere to get food . when they screw up your order it truly sucks . new china gate screwed up my order in several ways , and for the price it 's just not worth doing business with them . they did overcooked noodles , spicy when i asked for it not to be spicy , did n't write my address down correctly , & overall mediocre food . i 've ordered from there a few times , & at this point i am done . on to the next chinese delivery place new china gate . it was not me , it was you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered delivery from here recently and was pleasantly surprised . i had read previous reviews that had me putting off ordering from here . but , when i was moving and had nothing to cook with or eat with since it was packed up , i ordered from here . and the delivery time was about on par for other places . it was a bit busy when i ordered , given it was right around lunch time . but when it was delivered , it was still hot and yummy . the volcano chicken , one of their lunch specials was good ; it came with rice and crab puffs . the happy family was good as well . this is a place i 'd order from again . oh and i did like the fact that when you get delivery and use card , they bring the card reader with them rather than giving my card number over the phone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to order some sweet and sour chicken . came out in like 4 minutes ready to go . super fast ! the chicken ... it tasted all right . too much breaded dough . and i feel the sauce tasted a little spicy . but overall decent if you do n't care about chinese food as much as i do . it satisfies if you are in a hurry . i will have to try the other dishes but the sweet and sour chicken is the same that you would find elsewhere for american appetites .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad , not great . typical americanized chinese food in a strip mall . i 'm okay with that . i do live in america after all . i had crab puffs , i did n't taste the crab , only cream cheese , but good none the less . potstickers were in a more `` doughy '' wrap than i 'm used to , but they were okay . i also had cashew chicken . loved it that they did n't skip on the cashews , but the sauce was too thick for my taste-like a gravy consistency . service was good and prices are reasonable . restaurant is small , but clean . they deliver as well . i may go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the order started off rough , but ended up taking a turn for the better . when i called to order food for delivery , it was obvious that they were busy . i was put on hold several times and it actually took over 10 minutes to place the order . i was n't sure how to take this . are they so busy because the food is great ? or , are they going to screw up or lose my order because they are so busy ? the food arrived about 20 minutes after they said it would but it was still hot , made correctly and very good . i would n't say it 's the best chinese food i 've ever had , but it 's a solid 4 for takeout , price and portion size . they also through in some crab puffs , which my bf said were very good . i 'll give them a pass for the service and delivery , because i could tell they were really busy . i hope the next time we order we get a little better experience on the service side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good . delivery always takes forever but when it does arrive , somehow is still hot ? and it 's a little on the expensive side . plus , when you call to order they make you wait 5 minutes so you can listen to employee conversations . annoying process but good food ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the food . typically order delivery and it arrives in reasonable time , every time . robbie ( sp ? ) , was very polite and friendly . even hooked me up with a free set of spring rolls for delivery , nice surprise . portions are always very adequate , enough for two meals . maybe one of these days we 'll eat in to check out the place . definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after the good review of the gang pang chicken , i decided to give it a try . it was actually pretty bad . it consisted of a brown sauce with jalape\u00f1os and chunks of deep fried , dried out chicken . at a rate of $ 10 for that , i wo n't be returning anytime soon . the guy that other reviews have spoken of was present and their depiction of him as a bit annoy and inappropriate are spot on . i 'm all about the occasional banter but do n't intentionally hold up the payment process so you can makes some unfunny jokes and discuss across the restaurant where you 're going drinking tonight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so , there have n't really ever been any decent chinese food delivery places in my area . at least , none that i 'm aware of . i have n't had decent chinese food since i was last in san fran . until now ! annnyway , checked out new china gate based on the two reviews , and the sweet and sour chicken is delicious . the food is always hot when delivered , and aside from the delivery guys being a little quirky -- i 've had an overall awesome experience with the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good but not great . the food is consistent just lacks the ? factor that makes you say , let 's have that tonight ! it 's standard chinese food fair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was trying to find a place that served war su gai like i remember from growing up in seatlle , and this is the only place i 've had that comes close . it 's a great little restaurant with a small bar and a friendly owner that manages to make me happy every time i go . they have a great lunch special that has tons of food for $ 6.50 . a great cheap option for surprisingly good chinese food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "orange chicken with fried rice was good . gang pang beef was not large enough pieces of beef . but at 11pm it 's a great late night place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food , atmosphere and great bartender ( robbie ) . highly recommend this place . have never been disappointed with service or food . mike and tonya", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is definitely one of the better chinese places i 've been to in arizona . i will also say this : yes , he 's a little crazy , but the bartender is cool . the first time i got carryout there they forgot an appetizer i ordered . i was n't able to go back and get it that night , but when i called he remembered my name from the order . when i walked back in there a month or two later he immediately recognized me and said , `` oh , zoe , let me get that crab rangoon for you ! '' and made sure it went out the door with me ( for no charge , of course ) . i was impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never purchase a mattress from this store . or a simmons mattress for that matter . neither honour their return policies . both are unresponsive and ineffectual at championing what 's best for their customers and their health . and their delivery people are rude . i would give a zero star ranking if possible . buyers beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please rename this bakery `` delysucks '' . call me old school but since when does a bakery buy their bread from another bakery . i think they make their macaroons in house , and they are really tasty but i can get the same thing from sobeys . not worth my time . also my latte was burnt . i expected a lot more from a new bakery on king st w. thought they would bring some game but instead brought some stale bread . sorry delysee.. i wanted to like you , but now you 're just another bakery that does n't care about what your supplying . you 're just supplying it . stale bread and all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so excited and on sugary high the moment i stepped inside delysees and before i ate my box of macarons . at $ 2.25 it feels like a bargain compares to other places i been to especially with the quality and the choices that delysees offers . rainbow colours of little happiness . to pick 6 out of 30+ was not an easy task as they all looks so pretty : eye candy ! i wish i can just say one each ! champagne roast pistachio lime basil dark chocolate sesame salted caramel red velvet the reason i love their macarons is it has really realistic taste nothing artificial . the flavours all really rich but not overly sweet . i love the specially made box to ! great for gifting and transporting especially when i have to take them on public transportation ! eclairs ? i need to go back to try those eclairs ! 18 different flavours ... . what should i pick !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after spending a full week living around liberty village , i felt the need to cave into my cravings and pick up some authentic french macaroons . this little shop right on king street is super clean , chic , and trendy . the girl at the register was super kind and was happy to offer suggestions . i have to say that i was quite impressed with the variety of flavours ( 30+ ) . i noticed that this macaron shop boasts some pretty unique flavours ... such as vodka cranberry , jalape\u00f1o dark chocolate and mint mojito . sadly , the vodka cranberry did n't give me the buzz i was looking for but it did have a nice kick . along with their french macaroons and individual size desserts they also have a wide selections gifts and products to choose from . give them a try next time you 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "underwhelming . not sure about the desserts , but the sandwiches were the worst . i hate the feeling when you spend like luxury and get something so mediocre it could be bought from a vending machine at the airport . i could count the 2 capers and one mushroom slice on my salmon sandwich and mushroom omelette sandwich . the cream cheese was spread so thin , it may have been butter , or margarine , as seeing how limited and average these sandwiches were . i wish i kept walking and spent my $ 10 a block east on big mac .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tasty macarons , loads of flavours , nicely packaged and reasonably priced ( 6 for $ 13.50 and comes in a pretty box ) . i only got to try the lime basil ( very unique flavour ) and blueberry , both were fantastic . i would say they rival nadege and bobbette and belle ! the space is bright and airy , perfect for sitting down for a coffee and sweet treat . they also do catering and have sandwiches and cakes that looked very tempting . i like that many items come in different sizes ( e.g . you can get a mini sandwich if you just want a snack ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the better bakeries that i 've been to in the city . tried a few different things and everything was delicious . there 's a fairly big range . i like how they offer a smaller size , which is a little less unhealthy ( assuming you do n't eat multiple , which i was guilty of ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i accidentally stumbled onto this place , and as soon as i walked in , i knew i was up for a pleasant treat ( dessert lover here ) . we ordered the golden eclair ( it 's so shiny i ca n't resist ) , the giant rocher ( the server said that it 's everyone 's favourite ) , the chocolate croissant , and coffee . they were all very delicious , we had to get a few more to go ! ! the rocher was rich and sweet , whereas the golden eclair was more subtle with the dark chocolate ( not as sweet and intense ) , and the chocolate croissant was just plain delicious ( although i personally would n't mind if it had a little more chocolate , but i digress ) . our overall experience was great and our server was very sweet . great service , yummy dessert , happy girl . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lightest , flackiest , and melt in your mouth croissant i have had in ages . too bad i 'm trying to loose some weight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place , never found croissant as good as here in to ! makes me nostalgic about france very time ... the macarons are pretty good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best croissants in toronto ! i 've been coming here regularly to buy their croissants to take home for a nice saturday morning brunch at home . the texture is amazing , it 's not too heavy and i love the almond paste inside the croissant . today i went in and gave my compliments to the owner - fred , who is super personable and friendly . he offered me a free macaron ( salted caramel ) to try with my purchase of croissant . the texture of the macaron was very soft and the ganache inside had a distinct flavour but was not overly sweet . i will for sure come back for more sweets and recommend delysee to my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this place at the end of the day and was very impressed with the prices . macaroons can get very pricey , but half a dozen macaroons came to be 13 $ which i thought was reasonable . the macaroons were delicious , i got hazelnut chocolate , cappuccino chocolate , 2 milk chocolates , a vanilla , and a apple raspberry one . they were all delish ! although i was disappointed they were all out of salted caramel . hopefully they have some next time i return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they look so pretty , the package is so beautiful , but i was disappointed by the taste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stop # 2 on the chocolate tour by great food tours . we tried macarons for the tour at this site . i had the salted caramel and double chocolate macarons . i was impressed by the flavours and texture of the macarons - they melted in your mouth and were not overly sweet . i also purchased a small sandwich at this location and was impressed by the amazing flavour of the sandwich . i think it was by far the best sandwich i have ever had and despite it 's small size was worth every penny ! ! in addition to sandwiches and macarons , they had other beautiful looking sweets baked goods and bread available too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best macarons i 've ever had in toronto even in comparison to nadege . i am constantly trying different ones throughout the city and delysees has always stood out . the shells have never been hollow and the flavours are deliciously unique . i 'm also a fan of their finger sandwiches and eclairs ! a bit pricey , but honestly so good if you feel like treating yourself ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to be greedy after passing by from having a heavy brunch at a location not too far . i tried the macarons and it was amazing . this is by far the best macarons i have ever tasted . this place was so clean and the staff were so welcoming . macaron heaven for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was walking by this place while on a walk with a friend and stopped in . what a nice place ! we had never been there before so the owner gave us a quick tour and showed us where they make everything . they were mixing some chocolate at the time , and he showed us the trays where they pour the chocolate once it 's made . i ended up getting some of the chocolate to bring home , and they were really quite amazing . i would return here if not just to try something new , and enjoy a nice cup of coffee . it 's clean and modern , and they have a glass wall so you can see into the kitchen which is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for the first time earlier this evening and picked up a cake . it was a 9 inch round cream custard fruit filled puff pastry topped with whipped cream and drizzled with semi sweet chocolate . the pastry was nice and flakey and overall it was a nice lite dessert that my family devoured . we placed the order over the phone and the staff were polite , courtesy and attentive . when we went to pick up the order we also tried the macaroons which they had 13 different varieties to chose from . i had the salted caramel and it was perfection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hazelnut ferrero and passion fruit macaroon . going back tomorrow ! place is clean and the staff is friendly i do n't understand why reviews need to be so long god i still have n't met the required length there you go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cafe ! finger sandwiches were a great snack . i had the smoked salmon . also , the macaroons and eclairs were delicious . the latte was good also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont normally write reviews on yelp but im just so impressed with all the yummy treats delysees offer and the service is impeccable ! i use delysees to cater my friend 's baby shower and everything was perfect ! the owner guide me throughout the whole process of choosing flavours , colours how many etc . he even made a custom macaron ( blue and silver and my friend is so happy ! ! ) i can not thank you enough so i thought giving delysees a 5 star is a small gesture to me they re 10 stars ! ! insider scoop : the chocolate dome cake is to die for ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "luxury bakery . if i want to impress , this place is perfect . if i want to order take out for an event , this place is amazing . they have impeccable quality in every piece of baked good , as if someone with a skilled eye , had the job to oversee anything , that was to be sold . their baked goods ship very well . their `` to go '' packaging is of the highest quality , the same type of quality you would expect from an apple iphone packaging . it is very sturdy , gorgeous and all in all 100 % worth the price . i am so happy this place exists ! a place that can actually call itself luxurious and be just that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my golly ! i tried a couple of the darling little eclairs from this place and they are the best i 've ever had . the pastry was crisp and delicious . the various fillings were luscious and velvety and full of flavour ( i tried a chocolately-filled one with gold leaf decoration and i think one with chesnut puree cream in the middle ) . even the little chocolates with the name of the bakery on the pastries are utterly divine . i honestly do n't know how anyone can live next to this bakery and not indulge daily . i would probably be there hourly if i lived within walking distance of this place . the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw really great pictures about this place , i tried the salted caramel dessert and the top was good but the bottom was kind of simple with not too much flavour . i would like to go back to try other things and see if maybe the eclairs or macaroons are better !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful staff , nice ambiance . great coffee and raspberry mousse cake ! ! ! ! ! thanks delysees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent pastry and dessert options , your going for quality all the way . great ambiance", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been seeing this place here for a while since december . it 's bright , spacious , clean , definitely attractive from the outside . picked up a dozen macarons for a gift ; just told the guy pick the best 12 that he liked and he went at it . best way to complete a box he says , instead of the thinking back and forth . the pastries here look great , especially the croissants . i 'd say though that the breads look a bit unspectacular . for the month of january , they had this huge sign on the window , `` galette des rois '' so i asked him about it and he went in the back to bring some out so i could at least see it . i have not seen this anywhere else in the city , only for month of january . and as a bonus , he gave me a free macaron which was damaged . tasted great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this place while walking along king street west . one of the best desserts and an even better almond croissant . a must come back for sure and i recommend to anyone looking for a great cafe and amazing desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best french bakery cafe downtown . fred is passionate about his food and heritage and it shows . the coffee is perfect and i 'll be very sad when i eventually move away fro this neighbourhood . my favourites are the mini apple turnovers , chocolate coissants , mini sandwiches and wonderful chocolate desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dessert house in toronto , hands down . coffee is always fresh and pairs well with their offering - bought one of their hale coffee - wagram blend ( delysee 's house blend ) and was probably one of the best i brewed at home in the morning . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing . best latte ever , and the passion fruit mousse was an explosion of flavour . ca n't wait to go back and try those sweet little sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u00e9clairs were very delicious . the store was kinda small , but since we were buying them to go , it did n't really matter . the front staff are super enthusiastic about their products , and seem pretty knowledgeable of their products . definitely come try . they are one of the nicer looking places in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful interior , delicious sweets , and luxurious drinks . this is a gorgeous place and the desserts are wonderful ! definitely try the cheesecake , to die for ! also the hot drinks are very nice in this cold weather ! the owner workers are super sweet too and they are passionate about what they do and will help you pick if you cant make a choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am obsessed with their gelato macaroons . i am not a big fan of sweets , but their wide selection of gelato macaroons is a must . i like the location , i like the outside patio , i do enjoy the friendly staff & mini sandwiches : ) . amazing . keep up the great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty damn delicous . the macarons are good , the gelato macarons are better , and the tea is solid . the pastries and sandwiches are good - not `` wow '' worthy but if you had them you would not think `` damn i should have found something better . '' definitely a bit overpriced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heard a lot of hype about the donut marcaroon so i decided to go and try it out . they have quite the dessert selection and a decent amount of seating room . the manager said the macaroons were selling out like hotcakes so i finally bought a box of 8 and tried each flavour . i love their birthday cake flavoured one . it came up to $ 22 box of 8 which is reasonable for a the prices of marcaroons . staff were friendly and would definitely be back to try their other desserts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u00e9clairs were n't anything special.. after all the raving reviews , it was a big disappointment.. they were kind of dry and bland and expensive for what you get.. a waste getting it for the whole family , they all found it meh..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the eclairs here were almost too beautiful to eat ! the abundance of flavors were incredible , and their tastes definitely packed a punch . i tried the pistachio and the raspberry eclairs , both with very strong distinct flavors and were absolutely perfect . a little expensive , but so worth it ! ! a must try if you 're in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "posh , modern , kinda expensive , but probably worth it . yeah , their chocolate croissants are definitely worth it . i stopped by for a latte + croissant and it was really good . on par with the best french bakeries in town . great way to escape cold weather over a cup of coffee or a buy a nice gift for someone . their macaroons look amazing , even though i 'm not a big fan of those things . so , make sure you check out this place , especially if you have a sweet tooth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honnestly , a good upscale french bakery . croissants are good , though they could be a little bit bigger . pains au chocolat are really like they should be . i wish i had been there when they were still warm out of the oven . macarons are in the subtle type category , good , with more emphasis on the center filling cream than the cover tops , thus closer to the herme ones ( huge compliment here ! ) than laduree ( still my favorite ones , for the better and perfect balance between chewiness and cream ) . the black sesame one is surprisingly the chewiest one as all other should be . i did not try the eclairs but they look very inventive ... but also small and expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am in love with this place the macaroons are sooooo good ! also reccomend the hazelnut chocolate \u00e9clair covered in gold ! honestly the best thing ever also the chai tea latte was delicious ! ! i definitely suggest coming here ! my sisters ca n't wait to come back ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet goodness ! your macaroons are delightful . it 's probably a good thing that this place is not more centrally located . otherwise i 'd have to buy bigger pants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a piece of complicated review : pros and cons . pros : love the eclairs and macarons . the macarons remind me my favourite pierre herme . cons : i used to have amazing experience with this pastry store . i even thought i found a great alternative for nadege , another awesome pastry getting too busy now ... until ... this melting birthday cake ... it was embarrassing when i opened the box . and literally i followed the instruction from the pastry store : i kept the cake in the frisbee for the whole time and it 's only exposed to normal temperature for 20min on my way ... plus pros : great service and responsible owner . after talking with them on facebook , i 'm impressed with their quick response and great customer service . look forward to the improvement on the glazing recipe and still love their eclair and small cakes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't be fooled by the decor , it may be flashy but this place is selling the real deal . everything this place does food-wise is top-notch . the staff members are friendly and the space is beautiful inside . you can tell there is a lot of care put into what they make and how it is presented . the lattes and espresso were nothing special , but i usually order the drip coffee so it works for me . as others have said , the pastries here are expensive , but i do n't mind paying the premium . they now have a patio in the summer months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice space , and owner who is very accommodating . macarons are great with a nice wide variety . top two spots for me in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not into pastries but my room mate gave me almond croissants and macarons ... i fell in love . all i need is to go to the bakery and see it for myself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place looks great . its the cutest dessert place , but the desserts were a disappointment . i got an array of desserts , the gold eclair , vanilla and lychee . it was too sweet for my taste buds and it just did not taste like an eclair anymore . they were decent desserts but it did not leave me wanting for more . i felt that i spent too much on an eclair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very wide selection of macaron and eclair . taste very good ! ! i had pistachio eclair and dark chocolate sesame macaron . both eclair and macaron taste very nice - all flavours are so natural and not overly sweet . the pistachio paste inside the eclair is nicely made . the dark chocolate and sesame flavours are well balance that they wo n't over power each other . the store is very clean and chic ; i spent a very nice afternoon there . although it is an up-scale french bakery , the staff working there are not pretendious ; they are very friendly . they recognize i am a new customer and came to check out if everything was good . service is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delysees has the best macaroons in toronto . i just ordered my son 's birthday 's cake , some pastries and tons of macaroons . all i can say is i stepped out of the room for 10 - 15 minutes and when i got back they were all gone . the almond croissant is amazing , it 's a touch from paris with love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very picky with my cakes - i am french : ) they have the best eclair au chocolat ! as good as in france !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at delysses as i want to pick up some pastry for my birthday . the decor is chic and elegant with minimalistic decorations . all the cakes and pastries were nicely display just like in a dessert boutique . i picked the tiramisu dome cake with rice crispy on the bottom and a mascarpone mousse on top with a mirror glaze and an impressive gold painted chocolate sphere . it was an impressive display of their artistic flair with different colour combinations . however , the bottom of the cake was not as impressive as it was a little flat and soggy . the espresso i had there was a little too acidic for my taste , i wish there is more of a slight bitter after taste with nutty aroma , but it is just my personal taste . i was not quite satsified with the overall taste of the cake even though the mousse was really well done . i wish they have a way to keep the bottom flaky as it would really make the cake taste so much better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "come here for the chocolate eclair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this large inviting bakery is beautifully designed . much like nadege patisserie , it has white walls , clean lines and lots of seating . my review is based on the macarons . there are a wide assortment of them to choose from and i ordered a dozen of them . the pistachio and citron macarons were delicious ganache filled bites . the salted caramel is one of the more popular macarons and after tasting the delicious treat , i understand why . i talked to the owner about a concern that i had and he was very open to hearing feedback . his responsiveness was greatly appreciated and the customer service was top notch . i will definitely be coming back to delicious delysees !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best cake i ever have in toronto . the sweetness is perfect , and they all looks super cute . the passion fruit cake pisiform taste like marshmallows with flow heart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after writing this review and getting such a prompt and kind message from the owner , i 'm definitely changing my review for this place . we all have our bad days and i really shouldnt have jumped to conclusions on a great bakery because of one person . great customer service especially from the owner . i really felt like i was heard and that 's really all that matters !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a pastry heaven when you walk in . the eclairs , macarons , cakes are absolutely gorgeous looking . i 've had the eclairs and macarons . eclairs are very good ! ! the shoe pastry is stuffed full ! ! i tried their mango passionfruit and it was yum ! macarons were perfect and a bit cheaper than nadege so i 'm definitely going back . these pastries make excellent presentable little gifts for family and friends : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in as part of a walking chocolate tour . this shop is clean and lively . the owner is really awesome too . was really excited to see everyone trying these delicious macarons . i had the double dark chocolate which was really good imo . did n't taste like fake chocolate and the texture was right on . these are definitely fresh . i was told they rotate out the inventory pretty frequently ( every 40 minutes or so ... insane ) just to preserve this quality . i live next to a few macaron shops and this place was pretty up there in the list for me ( top 3 for sure ) . i saw the gelato ones in the back but i was too full to try them . these looked and sounded amazing . i probably would have gone with one of them if i had seen them first . i am betting this place is packed though or gets a line since it has a huge amount of space and have a great store font onto king .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best french bakery in toronto ! although a little bit pricey , everything you buy here is worth it . i bought their popular eclairs and i must say that they 're as good as the eclairs we tried in paris . my favourite is the dark chocolate eclair . airy pastry shells , rich dark chocolate pastry filling and thick chocolate glaze , one bite and you 're in heaven . also bought their mini cakes ... beautifully presented and pretty to look at you do n't even want to eat it ! i will surely come back here to try their macarons as we 're still on the hunt for the best macarons in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "review for the macaroons only . i love macaroons ... .but did n't love these . they were too sweet with only a little hint of flavor . i tried 6 different flavors and was unimpressed with all of them . should have started with only one and saved my money instead . the place was cute and clean though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service and amazing quality in the desserts ! the lemon tart really stands out from all the others that i 've tried around toronto - the crust was dense and fresh : ) the only thing i could remember being negative was the cream that was in the coffee station- my boyfriend went to add cream into his coffee until he smelt it and could tell it 's been sitting out for a while ... i was skeptical since it looked like a very clean place- but it did smell a little off . besides that , everything was great : ) i 'll definitely be going back to check out the coconut creme and macarons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place gets four stars ! it 's so pretty ; inside and out ! they 've got a clean and cute feel , starting from the patio and leading all the way in . and the displays of treats ! ! it 's massive ! we walked in on a whim , esp after noticing they sell macarons here . was not disappointed ! a box of 6 comes out to about $ 15 but a single macaron is $ 2.25 . we filled up our box after some consideration . we got the hazelnut chocolate , red velvet , vanilla birthday cake , champagne lemon , jasmine mint and marrakesh mint . our favourites were the mint flavours ; so good ! they also sell eclairs , mini cakes and pretty sweets chocolates ! ! you can see into the back where more treats are being made because there 's a huge window showcasing the kitchen area . the service was very friendly as well ! all in all a very satisfactory stop for dessert ( before lunch hehe ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the workers are always really nice : ) this is my favourite place to get macarons , madagascar vanilla is my all time favourite . also tried their lemon meringue tart , some of their cakes and sandwiches before ; all pretty great . i have to try their eclairs next ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here previously for their classic macarons and they were excellent . today i decided to write a review because of their skill with french pastry- beautiful presentation and lovely flavours ! there is a lot more to delysees than just eclairs and macarons . i posted a photo showcasing the variety of one- bite pastries that are more like little masterpieces of art . all were delicious and came in a beautiful presentation box . not just for gifts but also a decadent treat for yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once in a while , gord will stop at delys\u00e9es on his way home from work and get me a chocolate croissant ... they are delicious ! i 've never been in so i stopped by this afternoon . delys\u00e9es offers exclusively high-end french pastries , individual size desserts , mini sandwiches , 30+ flavors of exotic macarons , and a wide selections gifts and products . so much to choose from ! so what did i get to bring home for later ? ! of course , i got a chocolate croissant . i also got a lemon meringue \u00e9clair . and i 'm not sharing ! the staff were very friendly , professional and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was quite excited about this place due to the visual presentation of their baked goods . got 6 macarons and 6 eclairs which were packaged in a nice velvet box . they had some cool flavor combos for the macarons but flavor wise , it fell short . the eclairs were okay , did n't have a crisp bite to it . however , they are presented really well . there are better spots on queen west .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "favourite french bakery in toronto . closest quality of pastries and macarons you 'll get to france locally . they offer mini croissants as well for portion control ( mini almond croissants are guilt free right ? right ? ! ? ! ? ) and a great twist on flavours for macarons ( tea infused flavours and birthday cake ! ) ! if you are an eclair lover , this is your spot ! cute patio in the summer and they are open late !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delysees is my favourite french bakery in toronto at the moment ! i came here to grab some macarons with my cousin . while i was there , the chocolatier from the kitchen had came out with a fresh batch of daily hand made chocolates . he had approached my table and offered us free chocolate . i am not a fan of chocolate but i have decided to try it since he was very kind . the chocolate was wonderful ! it melted in my mouth . i have never tasted chocolate as great as this ! i 'm now a big fan of their chocolate ! the staff is extremely friendly and the chocolate is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i really liked the macarons . they were the best ones i got in toronto but the problem is the food colour is too much for some reason . our tongue was dyed completely , which is so weird and should n't happen . so yeah , taste is good ( except the pistachio one , that one does n't really taste like pistachio ) , they look cute and fancy but too much food colour is not a need on macaron and it 's kinda unhealthy . the staff was helpful and very kind , the interior was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really nice food , from the bits of smoresbord and salad and scone we tried . the latte i had did n't particularly do it for me , kinda weak , did n't finish it . but i love the vibe here - big wood tables , warm lighting , open spaces , lots of folks on laptops and no feeling of rush . i 'd come back for a beer and snack with a computer for some soothing and well-fuelled clickety clack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great , it matches the prices , but the service is crap . first time we went to beaufort was in lunch time and we both ordered hot-dogs that took them 45min to bring us which we 're not happy about it , but we decided to give another chance . today , we tried their breakfast and honestly i felt personally insulted by their lack of attention towards our table . we spent 20min trying to pay our bill then we had to put our coats on and go over the counter to pay it and the guy at the cash register acted like we were invisible . i was literally staring at him to get his attention and he completely ignored my presence to the point that i had to be a bit rude . `` look , we just want to pay '' . giving two starts because i believe service is half of a restaurant experience . again , the food is exceptional .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "une place o\u00f9 on se sent bien et o\u00f9 on mange tr\u00e8s bien ! service au top , grand choix de speciaux . ce sont des plats bien r\u00e9alis\u00e9s . je suis triste de ne pas l'avoir connu avant ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a drink but either they did n't understand me or they do n't serve alcohol in the am , so i got a cafe americano , which was really good . the food seemed interesting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after visiting the marche , we stumbled upon this place looking for breakfast brunch . we ordered randomly from the menu the norwegian croissant and casserole and were completely surprised . the eggs were perfectly herbed and seasoned , the fruits were brightly fresh , the toast and croissants were buttery , and the salmon was flavorful . along with the artful presentation and fantastic service , this little cafe was a hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c'est acceptable , mais pas exceptionnelle . dejeuner correct . la poutine dejeuner est interessante !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a really nice caf\u00e9 at st zotique and st denis . the interior is very pleasing , the service friendly , and the food good . one small complaint is that the veggie burger completely fell apart as i was eating it -- i would not order it again . but the fries and salad were really great . will definitely be going back to try other stuff on the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "des plats authentiques et savoureux , avec de bons l\u00e9gumes de saison : smorrebrod , boulettes norv\u00e9giennes , gravlax ... j'ai beaucoup aim\u00e9 l'ambiance resto \u00e0 l'avant , et un peu plus `` caf\u00e9 '' \u00e0 l'arri\u00e8re . il y a aussi une belle terrasse pour profiter du soleil . j'y retournerai pour essayer leur menu brunch , qui a l'air tout aussi all\u00e9chant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really interesting and yummy breakfast . charming little cafe with good service . i 'll be going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great ambiance ! waitress was very sweet and efficient . food was good . especially their poutine . not your ordinary type poutine so i love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'y suis all\u00e9e \u00e0 2 reprises . le gravlax et la poutine aux boulettes su\u00e9doises valent quelque chose . un peu cher mais vaut le d\u00e9placement", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the beef tartar . after flying in from reykjavik i was taken to this place and absolutely amazed . great service and good food still exists and its here . i caught a glimpse of the staff inspecting the silverware for water stains before placing them on the table which made me super happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lovely and casual local gem . simple food . simply prepared . very good . many dejeuner items with their specialty gravalox . a few good bieres on tap and excellent coffee . very satisfying and delicious brunch spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s tr\u00e8s chouette restaurant , j'ai ador\u00e9 le repas du d\u00e9but \u00e0 la fin . service parfait , belle pr\u00e9sentation , tr\u00e8s bon repas ! foncez-y !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "une petite terrasse apr\u00e9ciable en \u00e9t\u00e9 et une salle tr\u00e8s sympathique . des plats tr\u00e8s bons , j'ai pris la salade repas . tr\u00e8s copieuse et tr\u00e8s bonne et des produits frais ! je recommande !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i almost decided to give this place three stars . not because it was bad , but more because it was n't really exceptional . so i 'll grudgingly give it 4 stars , because i think that maybe i just did n't order the best thing on the menu . i went at 6 pm on a friday night . it was n't super busy , which was nice . i had the poutine with meatballs . the meatballs were tasty and i like that they went with a sharp cheddar cheese instead of cheese curds ... but the gravy was missing something , and the fries were good but not great . i had a latte and it too was so-so . on the other hand , the atmosphere is pleasant and the waitstaff was nice . i also had a good view of all the food that was coming out of the kitchen and everything at least looked really delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "accueil a+ et chaleureuse ambiance , staff sympatique , repas parfait et tr\u00e8s belle pr\u00e9sentation de mon plat ... .j'y aurais pass\u00e9 la journ\u00e9e ... mais je dois partir : ( .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had high hopes based on reviews . service awful - basically ignored . ordered an omelette with cheese and bacon . after a long wait . dish came out with no bacon or cheese . really ? ? unless you want to wait a long time , for mediocre everything . go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was recommended this place by a colleague for something different but not too heavy , and i was thanking her profusely the next day ! my friend had norwegian meatballs , and i had a trio of toasts with different garnishes : the first with an eggplant puree , roasted red peppers and goat cheese ; the second with zucchini and fried scallop , and the third with spicy salami , asparagus , and blue cheese . it was totally unreal ! ! while the food was a major plus , there were a few cons : the a c was either not working or not existant . it was unbearably hot , and we felt like we were suffocating . the water was warm , so it was n't even refreshing . also the time between getting our bills and the server coming back with the machine was nearly 20 minutes . service was otherwise great , but when you want to leave it 's the worst time to slip up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un endroit chaleureux et sympathique pour prendre une bouch\u00e9e . plusieurs types de plats disponibles ; salades , poisson , viande , etc . il est possible de prendre juste un caf\u00e9 dessert \u00e9galement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good . little gem in neighborhood . pros : food seems to be fresh ... must try the octopus dish , was amazing ... same with the calamari poutine ... good for night with friends cons : not cheapest place either ... some appetizers are over priced ( $ 11 for one arrancini ) ... moderate noise level all in all , will come back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice decor , all in wood and big tables , warm and welcoming . the staff is friendly and accomodating and the brunch hours run so late , you can decide to stay in bed nearly all day . we opted for the norwegian breakfast ( replacing the croissant with a bagel ) and the vegetarian chili . the salmon on the breakfast was very good and fresh , the fruit a nice addition though the fried potatoes unnecessary . the chili was good but really too small . it was 12 $ for a small bowl so i was still very hungry afterwards . the orange juice was delicious but bad points for the hot chocolate which lacked hotness and ... chocolate . i received a barely warm glass of milk with a few drops of powder chocolate on top ... for 4 $ ! i know i have high expectations when it comes to anything chocolate but , i would have liked to at least have the taste of it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place in willoughby area . very clean and the people are friendly , this is my second time in there and for sure i will come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hookah place good music and best service ask for tony . i have been smoking hookah for a long time and could n't find a decent hookah in cleveland but this guy knows his stuff also he knows how to mix flavours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does not even deserve a 1 star . the owner is such a scum bag and his staff walks around with their tails between their legs because he is crazy ! i have a darque tan membership and have for over a year with a balance of $ 200 plus and i was unable to tan here . they wanted me to pay for my membership again as they were unable to access my account . they literally said we do not need your business and pointed to the door . i am clearly willing to spend money here but obviously that does n't matter . go elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is tiny and it was empty when i went , so that worried me because i did n't know how long the fish was sitting out . i got a half salad half white rice bowl . the salad looked like it came out of those bagged salads at the grocery store , which kind of put me off . i got tuna and salmon , topped with a bunch of stuff and the house dressing . the portions are really small for $ 12.00 . but i was pretty excited to get my hands on it when i got home . it was okay . it was n't my favorite . it was missing the freshness and quality . it was not bad , but i would n't go out of my way there to go back there . there was n't enough dressing either and they give you more rice than anything else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love poke , always eat poke . this place really gives very very small portions . i really thought they were joking when they put 3 cubes of poke on my salad ... i thought it was a joke at first . then they put a tea spoon of sea weed salad . however they did put an insane amount of rice ... the employees were really nice . but the portion is insanely tiny . it should be more like the rice bar , with options of poke toppings ( 3 cubes ) . food quality was good , just portion was just small , and i mean tiny ! for 10 $ , i hoped to get a little more than 3 cubes of tuna .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at last , a hawaiian poki place in the central phoenix area - so much closer to my place than the other poki place i used to go to ! i went today after seeing their facebook page and tried a salmon , tuna , and half half ( i chose half brown rice , half green salad ) bowl with the house dressing , and i asked for added salmon roe . for toppings , i chose picked ginger , dried seaweed , green onion , and daikon sprouts . they also gave me a small container of the sweet citrus dressing to sample . everything was super fresh and the dressings were really tasty . i washed it all down with stubborn soda ( i chose orange hibiscus ) . what a delicious , refreshing meal . since this place is next to the sprouts market where i do a lot of my grocery shopping , it 's pretty certain that i 'll be dining here frequently as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seemingly , the new foodie thing this year has been poke . this small location just opened up in the sprouts parking lot . clean location , although it is def more of a quick sit down or to go restaurant with their limited seating . very clean aesthetic inside . as for the most important part , the food . if you 've never had poke , they have a chipotle style ordering . start with your bowl of rice or greens , then protein , sauce , and finally toppings . salmon was a bit icy , but i 'll let that slide due to them just opening up this week . i 'll def give this place another shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "taste is alright , coming from la this spot is def not on par with what we got out there . first thing that i thought was how come the fishes are n't put into a separate bowl and mixed with the sauces and certain toppings . instead it was just thrown on top of the rice along with everything else . overall is just okay moving great would not come again . on top of that is $ 11 i think is def overpriced for two scoops of protein . the fish is def not fresh does not have a good vibe , no music , and needs friendlier customer service ... .the guy seemed like he hated his life .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "generous sized bowl but topping portions were very small , comically so . i know ahi poke bowl on thomas and scottsdale is n't exactly down the street but they do n't give you teaspoon sized toppings and it 's less expensive . i had to ask for 3 scoops of seaweed salad and still did n't get much more than a normal spoonful . the `` scoop '' of masago was laughable in size , and i 'm not a big portion person or a glutton , they should just be aware of how silly the presentation is to put these tiny scoops on a big bed or rice . the amount of rice will fill you up but do n't expect a ton else on it . fish quality was okay , but nothing out of the ordinary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never tried open-faced sushi before ! i picked everything i wanted to eat so of course i enjoyed the hell out of it . really enjoyed the aged vanilla cream soda . gon na bring my vegan lady here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall : \u00b7 bowls were good will def be coming back . pros : \u00b7 sauces were delicious \u00b7 fish was better than expected - but not phenomenal ( the scallop looked meh so i avoided ) \u00b7 prices are reasonable for a good healthy meal cons : \u00b7 cashier did not wash hands after coming out of the back area before putting on gloves ( was also chewing gum- huge pet peeve ) \u00b7 sauce was put directly on bowl - since it was taken to go i would have liked the option in a little to go cup \u00b7 trash was overflowing \u00b7 some of the fish portion seemed a little small i know this has just opened , i 'm confident these finer details will get worked out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried this place this past saturday with my teenage daughter and we both loved it . everything was so fresh and tasty . the staff was super friendly and made very helpful suggestions to my daughter , who has never experienced poki before . we will definitely be back and hopefully i will be able to get saki with my poki in the near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for lunch today as it 's near the office and i was craving poke . ordered a tuna and spicy tuna poke bowl with brown rice and all the fixings . it was n't the best poke bowl i 've ever had , but it was n't bad either and wins for proximity . i love that they have the aloha juices ! i will probably be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food safety issues . the employees do not wear gloves , they do not wear their hair back . they look dirty . fish is questionable . i asked the woman if i could have the newer and more fresh spicy tuna wrapped in cellophane and she laughed and said i do n't know that it 's fresh but you can have it ... . all while she has no gloves on . and is touching the money and everything . sorry we will not be back . you guys are n't even open late enough , ocean poke co just opened so we will be there if we need poke.. i also read someone found a mood ring in their spicy tuna.. seriously ... you guys should be glad that was n't me because i would have sued you . goodluck ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been craving an ahi poki bowl but did n't feel like driving out to scottsdale or chandler for it . so i tried out this place poki bar central that a friend told me about which is a little closer . i 'm a big fan of their rival ahi poki bowl but i will say poki bar central is pretty good but ahi poki bowl has the better sauces by far . but poki bar central is good spot for some ahi poki too . i got the spicy tuna and salmon and added avocado and octopus salad . delicious ! i will say the customer service of the staff could use some work . not very friendly at all . they seemed annoyed to have to serve me . i had to knock down a star rating for that . no offering of help , hello or thank you for coming . kinda rude if you ask me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "poki bar is a-ok ! nothing great here , definitely better poki places in town . i did n't dislike anything about my dish ( spicy tuna and salmon with the sweet citrus sauce ) but wo n't be craving to go back . all of the ingredients look unappetizing and tasted fairly bland . we did really enjoy our bottled sodas though ! recommend the orange hibiscus & agave vanilla cream soda .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fish is not fresh , need more of a mixed green without iceberg for salad . they should also mix the sauce in the poke . also overpriced for the product . drive the extra 7 minutes to ahipoki bowl . avs on top of the bad food the service was horrendous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for fresh poke & quick service this is your place ! the bowl size is generous , but could improve on portion size in item , for the price though you ca n't beat it ! delicious & healthy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i stopped in today after originally planning to get deli sandwiches from sprouts . i 'm a huge poki fan and i 'm so glad to see that many poki restaurants are opening in the area . the set up here is very simple and easy ; it reminds me of chipotle . you get in line , pick your base , pick 2 proteins , pick your sauce , then pick your toppings . i got white rice , tuna and spicy tuna , spicy mayo , and for my toppings avocado , masago , wasabi , roasted seaweed , edemame , and green onions . so delicious ! i was slightly disappointed to find out that they are no longer carrying yellowtail due to low demand , although i can respect the fact that they did this instead of serving less than fresh fish to those who would rarely ask for it . if your in the area check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a rip off . stupidly small portions.. stay away . do yourself a favor and drive to chandler and get real poke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of their competitor but this one is so close to my house , i had to give it a try ! i am so glad i did , it was in my opinion better ! the portions were huge and it was less expensive . i really enjoyed my bowl ! the spicy tuna and scallops were fresh and so flavorful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , i love sushi and this place filled my belly . to boot , i 'm 250 lbs . pretty much for 10 dollars and change you get the contents of 3 to 4 rolls at a regular sushi joint . i recommend 50 50 of kale and brown rice , spicy tuna , albacore , with everything , and half spicy mayo and miso sauce . the next time i want to get a sushi poke bowl fix i 'll come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i noticed this place while walking into sprouts to pick up lunch and i decided to give it a shot . the woman who helped me was very friendly and willing to help with recommendations . i got a bowl of 1 2 tuna and 1 2 spicy tuna , i 'm not a connoisseur by any means but i did enjoy the food . all in all , i was n't disappointed with my choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to stop in for lunch as i work close by . i had rice , salmon and spicy tuna and a few sides extras added . i found the portion of the protein was good but the size of the extra items sides were very skimpy ( cucumber , green onion - there were hardly any on there , dikon sprouts ... very small amount , edamame..this was the only thing there was a lot of ) ! it was mostly rice and protein . the sauces were tasty . very clean restaurant but think they need to improve on the amount of sides they put on . i really wanted to give it a 2.5 star rating because of the skimpy portion sizes for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've came here a couple of times , great food . i love the service , they are always generous with portions and always make sure to ask if everything is ok and help out while we 're dining in . highly suggest to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh , delicious , and excellent service . excited for them to expand . possibly my new favorite `` guilty pleasure '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fish was very fishy . atmosphere was terrible . i had to take my food to go because i felt weird eating alone in a dark room all by myself with no music . they do n't carry gluten free soy sauce per the staff not being sure ... just nothing good about this place . fish tastes old . took two bites and was scared of getting sick . two stars is only because my friends quote it to be the best poke place . clearly they have n't tried their other poke options within 5 miles . ocean poke and ahi poke are clearly a much better choice . sorry but it 's true ... ..not a negative yelper often.. i thought i could eat the rice and avocado and crab mix but it all tasted like the cheapest ingredients in town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i thought it was decent my partner was n't exactly pleased . i thinks it 's worth another try . we came at closing and there was no avocado well see how or opinion changes with the next visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved my poke bowl here . salmon and scallops were so fresh , got everything on my half white rice and half greens bowl with spicy mayo . bowl was very filling and worth it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! it 's like sushi bowl ( with rice or salad ) . a little pricey , but a must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's pretty good , imo . i 've had better , but this is still a decent spot . i 've been a couple times now and it 's never crowded . fair price point at $ 10 and some change after tax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sadly , we were disappointed . as a frequent visitor as the scottsdale poke restaurant , we were excited to find something closer . we wo n't be coming back . the lettuce was the iceberg cabbage carrot mix from the grocery . the iceberg was brown and had to be picked out . there really was nothing flavorful outside of the crab mix and avocado . with poke restaurants popping up everywhere , this one has a lot of things to do to match its competitors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super clean and extremely good . not a raw fish person , but this place changed my mind on it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a mid evening with family , the place was dead at 7:30pm . their portion were extremely small , much smaller than ahipoki ; it seems like they only have one size and one size only . the salad did n't look that too appetizing so i got rice and get my normal toppings , halfway through and it was full already so the guy had to kind of mash it down . the sauce was the best part out of the whole meal . i hope this place gets better over time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "audaciously expensive for the portions they serve . the poke tastes very inauthentic . still waiting for a legit hawaiian-style poke shop in phoenix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place , but meh . it 's small , the music was so loud that the employees could n't hear what we were ordering and the labels on the different foods were confusing , so i was n't sure what i was actually getting . then the poke - i would n't really call it poke , it 's more like cubes of fish that you can add to your meal ( which is served in a take out container ) . having had poke in hawaii , i was expecting that - but it 's not like that at all . flavor wise , it was pretty good , but again , nothing close to poke . atmosphere wise , the place is missing something that makes it feel welcoming .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hard to review when sign says they should be open , but door is locked and ghost town inside .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was nervous to try this place based on previous reviews , but i thought it was quite delicious and filling ! i thought the fish portions could have been larger , but i 'll be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 1st visit & thought it was good , reasonable & will return . they prob need to work on flow in case the get real busy but overall a pleasant experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the girl working picked up lettuce with her bare hands and put it back into the bowl instead of tossing . the other employee had gloves on for everything . their sauce is super sweet compared to the other poke places in phoenix and their portions were very small .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the bowls that you get here are made with heaping servings of whatever you 'd like . i got a bowl with fresh salmon , seaweed salad , fresh cooked rice , cucumber , daikon sprouts . every time i go to sprouts to do my goddamned organic grocery shopping i make sure to stop by the poki bar central .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "close to my house , but actually it is worth the drive to go elsewhere for poke . decided to try this place out , asked for salad base and the employee looked at me like i have three eyes . the other employee came out of the back and assisted the other customer , and both kind of looked out of it . weird vibe in there , probably wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "keep in mind that you are eating raw fish in the desert . justy sayin . ' i have been here twice for take-out and the food was really good , the service was wonderful , and the portions were generous . i had the salmon and albacore both times and really liked their octopus salad and seaweed salad . i will keep going here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a delightful experience at poki bar central . staff is super friendly and informative about all of the ingredients . dining area was clean and organized . most importantly , the food was fresh and fabulous ! portions are generous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought it was super bland and tasteless . the fish was n't fishy but was just blah and a very small portion . i wo n't go back : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved this place until the my third visit last month when i found a ring ... .a woman 's mood ring in the spicy tuna ended up in my mouth . i was so grossed out i can not return here . i noticed the staff at the restaurant wear plastic gloves when serving customers , so i 'm not sure if this debacle occurred in the back room , or at the supplier who prepares the poke off-site . nevertheless , it is a huge health hazard , as rings carry a tremendous amount of germs and constitute a choking hazard . luckily i did n't choke , did n't become ill , and did n't chip a tooth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , friendly , atmosphere , super fresh food ! ! ! i would recommend this place and come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met the owners and they are really cool people . however , the poke was just okay . i tried it out before their official launch so i will give it another try some time this month .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a small place , but there 's enough space if you 're a bigger fella like myself . it 's got what you 'd be looking for from a poke spot , if you know what to look for . the fish was super fresh which makes me wonder where they 're getting their fish from ? ? i went to some hawaiian spot that had poke and the tuna was tougher than a witch 's titty while she doing push ups in a brass bra on during a snow storm ! anyways , this spot was good and i 'd fux wit it again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fresh food . great customer service . love the miso dressing . and next to sprouts . i will definitely be back here . a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . kinda like chipotle for a poke bowl . i 've been trying to find something close to a gorilla bowl that i ate in kauai and i can get fairly close to it here . i like the tuna . got the freshwater eel last time for an extra $ 2 and it definitely was not worth it . it was quite rubbery . as other reviewers have stated , it can get a bit pricy with the add ons but i absolutely can not pass on the avocado add . i docked 1 star because i tried to get an extra scoop of seaweed and they wanted to charge me extra for it . i think this is bs because it was only 1 of the 2 toppings that i got that i did n't pay extra for ( and there was about 7 other options that i just didnt want ) ! come on peeps ! ! ! if someone does n't want all the extra free toppings , hook a sister up with a little extra seaweed ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lunch spot for fresh poki bowl . great friendly staff and high quality selection of poki . will be back for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reminds me of that other place in scottsdale . it 's o.k . it 's like sushi except inside a bowl . i am not a big fan of it but my family members are huge fans .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here on tuesday and what can i say , the food was great and so was the service ! food was fresh ! my favorite on the first visit is freshwater eel and yellowtail ! will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place twice and both times have been good ! i got the octopus and citrus tuna . i 'm not a big sauce person so just put a little bit of their house sauce with wasabi . i thought the portions for the cost both times were generous . 1 star off for the staff and quality . they are n't the most friendly , but i also do n't really care if they get my food to me efficiently ! it 's also super close to my house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is terrific , reasonably priced , great portioned and really hit the spot . poke bowl is a fast food-ish type of healthy restaurant where you pick your base ( salads , rice or both ) and then choose proteins , dressing , then toppings . i got half green salad and half white rice topped with spicy tuna and salmon . the citrus dressing that i chose was refreshing and `` the works '' toppings were very satisfying . the staff was friendly and helpful . i plan on habitually patronizing this spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in need of a kind , gentle , kid friendly dentist ... ..look no further , dr. manny is the best in town , hands down . after several horrible visits to absolute dental , finding dr. manny was a life saver for my little girls dental needs . he is patient and responsive to young children 's needs when it comes to dentistry . so thankful that i can now bring my son to dr. manny as well since he is the only way to go when it comes to my babies dental care ! thanks dr. manny for being amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful . im so happy i took my kids here , as long as we are still in vegas this will be the place for all my kids dental needs . kinda hard to find at first , i passed it twice ( even with the gps ) but the receptionist stayed on the phone with me guiding me until i got there . once there my kids got seen very quickly . dr. manni and the rest of the girls there are very friendly they talked to my kids and i while doing the exams and cleanings . loved how they keep the kids distracted by getting to know them and before they knew it they were done . so glad they decided to expand their clinic to the vegas area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall good service . they were really nice and helpful to my two little girls ( 2 & 3 ) . however there is only 2 dentist that works there so after the tech cleaned my daughters teeth we waited a good while for dr.manni to see us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i were excited about enjoying our one night out . after seeing this place on the morning news we decided we would give this place a try . the chef on the morning news channel gave it high recommendations , last time we take that guys advice . the positive- the hostess , manager , waiter and bus boy were courteous and very helpful . atmosphere , location and decor very nice . the negative- the size of the portions reminded me of a funny commercial . we had four tapas and left unsatisfied . ceviche always comes with chips , i almost went next door to get some from laredos . the price for each portion was highly over priced . it made me miss firefly ! ! ! come back firefly ! ! ! i make a good living , but at these prices , it 's no wonder why restaurants do not last at tivoli .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the overall meal was outstanding . the escabeche and the paella were fantastic . there are many options to choose from and none disappointed . sangria and sherry cocktails we refreshing with great flavor . i read the other reviews before trying and wow to compare to firefly that 's a joke . the quality of the ingredients far succeeds the tapas joints that we have been fed for years . you will pay more , but the execution , quality and the ingredients surpass anything that is or was currently around . summerlin is lucky to have chef stratta in their neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "don '' t believe the positive reviews unless you are some rich posh person ( the 1 % ) who could care less about prices . this place is way to expensive for the portions they serve . you will leave the place hungry and broke . i 've eaten tapas in spain , and these prices are ridiculous . send the chef back to the strip and give us a restaurant that most of the locals can afford to eat at . let the 1 % cook at home or starve for all i care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "has anyone been to spain and had paella ? i did in 1972 in a town called cadeques . i know i must sound ancient but it was a dish with such a wow factor with the saffron , wines or maybe pernod favors unlike anything i have tasted before and i so wanted to savor that taste again . unfortunately not even close . come on las vegas are n't you tired of these outrageous local prices and inferior product . maybe it 's the rental prices but i rather doubt that . such a disappointment and we drove so far to try this restaurant . we had an eggplant dip that was the consistency of sour cream and the seafood paella . nothing had any flavor and the paella should n't be on the menu . i feel bad about this but they need to do better . i 'm a decent cook and know i can do better then that . no one will express these sentiments in person so i hope an anonymous review will help you shape up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to start , i want to preface that the place was pretty much empty when we arrived . sat at the bar . the bartender seemed to be preoccupied . he then proceeded to do set ups at the bar . finally asking us what we would like to drink . i asked about a margarita being on happy hour , he said no . i then showed him the post from today on their fb page indicating margaritas and mojitos were on the happy hour menu . the order of dates took forever to prepare . having to finally ask for them . they arrived . 3 dates . very pricey for what you get or should say , do n't get . the owner was a executive chef at the wynn . shame his employees do not have the same passion and talent he has . destined to fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have eaten at many spanish restaurants , and considering the hype , i must say we were more than disappointed . first the positive . the atmosphere , and large outside seating area is very well done . our server was also excelllent . the big issue was the food . the calamari was excellent , and totally fabulous , however this was only one dish out of many . the cauliflower was dry , the paella did not had much flavor , and was very skimpy on the seafood . the biggest disappointment was the patatas bravas - they were simply plain potatoes with sauces . we had numerous other tapas as well , and sorry to say , all were bland . the cocktails were a big plus , as we all loved them . the red sangria was one of my favorites . while we had a fun evening , and beautiful night , the food was just not enough , especially for the price , to get us back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were expecting more from the name attached to this restaurant . ambience was cafeteria like ( fine if you 're in spain at a legit tapas place ) . bright lights , bright colors , hard surfaces - hospital like mood . food was sub-par . served at all different temperatures that seemed incorrect for the dish ( for what we ordered anyway ) . place was totally empty and we now understand why . feel totally ripped off for what we paid and should have known that from the moment we walked in .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was great and price was also great.we were there for happy hour.however our service was a nightmare.his name was richard.i guess he did not like that we were ordering from the happy hour menu.we had to fag him down for another glass of wine.he never returned to our check on us.i asked for ice water with lemon . i recieved water without ice or lemon .i will return , but i will not sit in his section .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent , excellent , excellent ! way better than jaleo and much more affordable . the service is excellent and the food is not only authentic but incredible as well . my new favorite spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't come hungry because you 'll find yourself looking for dinner after . if you are hungry , be prepared to spend at least $ 200+ for two . per person , the paella portion is one small serving spoonful . these are definitely strip prices . the tapas portions are about three forkfuls per plate . the service could also use some work . it would have been nice to be given an introduction to the menu since the restaurant is so new . aside from my rant , everything we ordered was absolutely delicious . i highly recommend the potato tortilla and the crispy black kale . enjoy and make it rain !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first , the service was quite good . the outdoor seating was attractive and comfortable . second , the food . we had six people in the party for dinner . the roasted vegetables which were cold , were fine . several people had the paella . if you have never had paella in a spanish restaurant , it might be acceptable . however , the wrong type of rice was used , instead of saffron , the paella was flavored with bacon or lard , and there was almost no seafood in the small portion of the dish . it was terrible . one person had the salmon main dish . we were told it was wild caught , washington state salmon . the small sample of salmon was served raw on a bed of inedible vegetable bits . when the salmon was re-cooked , it had virtually no taste and was pale in color . frozen , cheap fish . not one of the six meals was acceptable . the old joke : it was terrible and the portions were too small !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was n't horrible , but it was n't exciting . super slow service . 40 minutes between courses is not fun . our server had a $ hitty attitude and the handcrafted drinks were bland and weak . the manager , peter , however was delightful . the sound system is `` tinny '' and music selection outdated . ambience gets zero stars . so the lets see ... .. it 's the 3rd restaurant in this location , will make it to years end ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is ok nothing to rave about . nice atmosphere . service was good but waaaay too overpriced . very disappointing", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love spanish food and tapas so i might be a little more critical . the octopus was very good tender with nice grilled flavor . the cheese plate came with a good amount of cheese although the blue cheese was too pungent took it home to use in a salad . wish the cheese plate came with some other sides fruit honey almonds etc . trio of soups was average . the gazpacho was all broth and salty . the meat plate all three meats were very good but very small amounts for price . service was very good . ca n't decide if i 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my meal was fantastic . i was so pleased to experience food in this part of town that is both interesting and fresh . full disclosure - i know someone that works here and was given a few complimentary dishes . here are some of the dishes i sampled : -gazpacho - a real favorite , the farm fresh ingredients really shine -grilled veggie salad -octopus salad - easily the most tender octopus i have ever had -stuffed piquillo peppers -black kale fritters - the batter was very light and super crisp -albondigas - very tender , flavorful meatballs -a daily special featuring their amazing iberico ham", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! i had such a fun experience here . the food was full of flavor , the waiters were knowledgable and recommended great dishes and the atmosphere was fun and sexy . my favorite dishes ( which i was too busy eating and laughing with friends to take pictures of ) were the lamb , and the kale chips .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently visited this gem in tivoli village and was pleasantly wowed ! we ordered several dishes and can not find fault with any . as a matter of fact , all were sublime . much better than lavo and half the price ! the staff were on point and very friendly but not forced friendly , genuine i would say . just try it and see for yourself . truly good food . what more can you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great concept & even greater food . tivoli village is starting to become a dining destination for the summerlin crowd ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took me back to spain . we had the rock shrimp , empanadas , bacalhau and the seafood paella . thoroughly enjoyed the experience and the food was delicious . there is also an extensive wine list and the option to have small wine tastings with each dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all i surely hope that that management reads their yelp reviews because i am only aiming for constructive criticism . we were very happy to dine here . we are rating this place with 2 stars because the location is beautifully decorated and the line staff is especially amazing . the downside is the food . we eat out at nice restaurants at least once a week but on top of that we also cook avidly and we are both in the hospitality business . with that said , i feel like the food is quite insulting . the fried calamari was sloppy , the sangria tasted like water , i did n't see any filet items on the menu whether beef or chicken although they had good protein options for their paellas . i think more menu items need to be added and the executive chef needs to take some steps to avoid sloppy plates making their way to the tables . i honestly find better value at firefly when looking for tapas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is so trendy if you 're over 40 it 's thick with trendiness and testosterone and hair pieces total like sex and the city 40s and 50s-year-old kind of people . my girlfriend and i just felt so out of place i guess because were so much younger i really feel it 's like a place for the trendy trying to hold onto their trendiness 40 and 50-year-old summerlyn midlife crisis want to be sex and the city hang out spot so they can tell each other that they look good in that they 're still young . the food is super overpriced and really tiny portions .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are a big fan of tapas and thought this new location would be a great place to start our night . we tried their special tapas platter after it was recommended as an excellent pork dish and it left a lot to be desired - my husband and i both thought it tasted like box stuffing mix spread on bread . we then had the calamari which was fishy and awful , we told the bartender it was horrible and he shrugged his shoulders and said he would let the chef know . please do n't order the calamari here - next door at brio is 10x better . after spending $ 65 on two cocktails and 3 tappas total we had seen enough . this place has a lot of work if they want to win over the locals .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "craving sangria & tapas , we were very happy to find this right in tivoli village down the street . happy hour menu was diverse & delicious . ca n't wait to come back much hungrier & try the full menu & delicious spanish wines . looking forward to trying the gin flight . thanks eugenia , great service at the bar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was impeccable and the food was very good . my only issue was the price seemed high for what you get . and a pet peeve of mine with tapas restaurants is they serve 3 of everything . people often dine in pairs so if 2 people are dining and there are 3 shrimp you end up splitting one in half which is annoying . the presentation of the food was beautiful and the lamb chops and flan are definitely worth taking note . would i go back ? maybe . the paella looks really good and i 'm still thinking about that flan but i 'm still a little stickered shocked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we arrived at 4:30 ( website says they open at this time ) to have dinner before a show . the doors were locked . someone ( the person who appeared to be leading a meeting ) finally came to the door to inquire of our knocking . we were told that they would n't open until 5 because they were having a meeting . we waited outside because we had some time . at 5:10 the doors finally opened and we were told the kitchen would n't be open for another 30 minutes ! no one acknowledged that we waited 40 minutes past the opening time , no one thanked us for waiting , and no one seemed to care . we went to brio and had a great meal , at a great price , with great customer service - something this place is surely lacking . terrible experience and i will never have the opportunity to write a review on their food . their service was so bad that i wo n't give their food a try . plus , they clearly do n't want or need my business . terrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "twice in two weeks says we like this place and want it to succeed . the tapas are a nice combo of traditional and original . the service is attentive , but they struggle a bit with logistics . the sangria is refreshing . it 's working to hit its stride . getting there bit by bit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere . our waiter was on the ball and kept the drinks coming . the food was full of flavor ... .the prices could have been cut ... ..too much for some of their dishes ... ... we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little pricey for the quality taste however i loved the roasted califlower . would go back just for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall our experience was excellent . food , service , and atmosphere . we went to the pre-opening night and met friends that had a different reservation time . since the restaurant was so busy , we had no expectations of being able to sit together . the host staff promised they would do their best to seat us together and went out of their way to make it happen ! after being seated , our waitress was quick to take our order and we had our food delivered hot to the table surprisingly quick given how busy the restaurant was . we tried a good cross section of the menu including saffron aioli , patatas bravas , stuffed piquillo , medjool dates , bone marrow dip , moroccan chicken , and curry lamb kabob . everything was perfect just as we 've come to expect from alex . it was impossible to decide what our favorite tastes were , which became more of a heated discussion after each new dish arrived . we can not wait for our next opportunity to go back to the restaurant and try everything else on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't understand the bad reviews . my wife and i i have been 4 times already and have had the best time . met chef alex talked for a little very down to earth . as for the yelper talking about preferred demographic downstairs we always go in jeans and flip flops and never had a problem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food here it 's amazing . the service was great i felt right at home here everyone was so polite . peter was so knowledgeable of the bar and drinks . he prepared for us a `` flight of gin '' demonstration . it was . phenomenal i recommend this resturrant . side note place looks amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , but for the price it should have been great . best item was the chicken with apricot . all the rest was just okay . the place was quite crowded and service was great . just when you order 2 drinks and four appetizers , over $ 100 ; i expected it to be fabulous !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found by accident . so glad we did . they sat us right away at an awesome table outside . everything we ordered we devoured and it was great . lobster and shrimp paella a must ! ! we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tempura kale appetizer was surprisingly good . jamon iberico served with grilled bread was a little dry and i was expecting a thicker cut . for the main course , we had the braised pork belly , crispy free range chicken and char grilled angus beef steak . all were very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly i was very surprised when i saw that this restaurant had only a three star rating . i had an absolutely beautiful meal here . i picked a random wine when we sat , which was phenomenal . we ordered a paella and a few starters , and everything was such good quality that i was so surprised at the price . i see people comment on it being expensive but they must not know what people charge for great food . this food is such a great deal . each dish had qualities that really made me feel it was from a competent chef , and the flavors were spot on . the paella was cooked traditionally , and perfectly . i would run back to this restaurant to share the paella with a friend . on top of the food quality the front of the house staff were so kind , helpful , and fun . please eat here you could n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food , but not memorable . and for $ 70 per person ( including tax and tip ) it should be memorable . ordered individually , had the tortilla , the curried goat , the calamari , and the oxtail stew ( the best of the dishes ) . small quibble but a brutal $ 4 charge for one of those 8.5 oz bottled cokes , no refill . service was great and timely , cool decor . bottom line , until the prices get reasonable for the good but not great quality of food served , i wo n't be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great meal , thanks to alex and his team for bringing another great food experience to the regional market of las vegas . thank you uj and chad for your food suggestions and great beverage program . looking forward to visiting again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing short of amazing ! service was excellent and meatballs , salads , octopus , and wine were top notch . fish was a little over cooked though . chocolate dessert will satisfy any chocoholic ! we will be back ! alex has and always will be first rate ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only had the paella ... small , expensive , mediocre ... what more needs to be said", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the right fit , did an extremely great job in my home . they were super professional , quiet , friendly and did an awesome job . even vacuumed up their mess . talk about impressed ! ! i will definitely be calling them back to do more work for me in the near future . if you 're needing your t.vs mounted to your walls these guys are your men for the job , might i add great rates as well ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am usually stingy with my stars . however , right fit deserves 10 stars . brandon is a true professional and does great work at reasonable rates . he will be getting more of my business in the very near future . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't often give a company 5 stars , but brandon at the right fit deserved it . he came by and gave a fair quote and his manner was professional and friendly . i trusted him instantly . he showed up on the day of the job on time . his install was perfect . all wires are in the walls . the speakers and tv are mounted perfectly . this job was more complex since he had to cut holes in the drywall to run speaker cable for the rear surrounds . after he finished the install , he came by the next day to patch and paint any drywall holes that had to be cut . you would never know that he had to cut holes in the drywall . i highly recommend brandon at the right fit . it 's not easy to trust someone with your high price electronics , but you can hire him with confidence that the job will be done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super responsive and very fair pricing compared to other competitors that we called . the team could n't have been friendlier , and truly did an excellent job . the right fit mounted a couple of our tvs , hid all of the wires in the walls , and the outcome was perfect . i would recommend the right fit to anyone . very trustworthy - a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous , professional service ! the owner fit me into the schedule on the same day that i called which was very appreciated . he mounted three tv 's on my walls with wire concealment and the installation was the cleanest and fastest i 've ever had for tv mounts . their prices are very reasonable . brandon is a professional and even did some additional work i requested that was very helpful . i would highly recommend this company to anyone and will definitely use their services again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so lange der stuttgarter p\u00f6bel ins cavos rennt um die stuttgarter schn\u00f6sel zu sehen wie sie mit champagner spritzen wie einst im amici , aer oder der boa , wird dieser laden voll sein und voll bleiben . und so lange die leute dumm genug sind zwei , vier oder acht wochen darauf zu warten damit sie einen tisch bekommen f\u00fcr mittelm\u00e4\u00dfiges essen wird die gesch\u00e4ftsleitung genau so weitermachen wie bisher . denn es l\u00e4uft . der laden brummt , die ums\u00e4tze stimmen und der champagner flie\u00dft massenhaft . entweder mitmachen oder weg bleiben . und wer es toll findet mit servietten zu werfen , bittesch\u00f6n der raucherraum ist \u00fcberraschend gut gel\u00fcftet , etwas seltsam finde ich es jedoch das hinter der oberen bar jede menge leute im flurbereich wo wohl die k\u00fcche ist stehen und rauchen , personal wie auch g\u00e4ste . im cavos schneit es nicht nur im winter und mit genug ouzo den man am n\u00e4chten tag bitterlich bereuht sieht man dann evtl . auch \u00fcber den schlechten und arroganten service ohne kompetenz , die kalten hauptspeisen etc . hinweg", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sensationelles konzept , erst griechisches restaurant und gegen 23h wird das cavos zur partylocation ! der hotspot der stadt . essen sehr lecker und preisw\u00fcrdig ! partys legend\u00e4r", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein sehr gelungens konzept ! ich bin wirklich begeistert . erst lecker grieschisch essen und dann direkt die kaorien wieder abfeiern . die location besticht durch gehobenes ambiente , die speisekarte ist zum gl\u00fcck nicht so \u00fcberladen und auch geschmacklich ein volltreffer . und von do . - sa . gibt es dann noch party ohne ende im restaurant und im club . beide djs legen super gut auf und das personal verwandelt den laden mit einer serviertenschlacht zu einem tollhaus . location : - stylisch modern preise : \u20ac\u20ac\u20ac - 10 - 30\u20ac service : - alles ok speisen : - lecker", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich war sehr zufrieden . ein sch\u00f6ne atmosph\u00e4re , freundliche und dem gast sehr zugewandte bedienung , gutes essen . die reservierung hat problemlos geklappt , bekam direkt meinen platz und auch das essen wird schon nach wenigen minuten serviert . ein toller gelungener abend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die taverna cavos : zentral gelegen und trotzdem nicht mitten drin . gro\u00dfer au\u00dfenbereich mit langen tischen , was viele g\u00e4ste erm\u00f6glicht und wenig privatsph\u00e4re . -- - angenehm : die karte ist \u00fcberschaubar , und es gibt eine wochenkarte . die auswahl der speisen selbst ist durchweg ok , die bei den getr\u00e4nken eher mau . -- - das essen : qualitativ ok , ordentlich und routiniert . der wein : zu warm , was sich jedoch mit ein paar eisw\u00fcrfeln beheben l\u00e4sst . -- - der service : sehr unterschiedlich : alle recht freundlich , einige sichtlich unbegabt . -- - ich klage ja eigentlich nie \u00fcber preise - aber in diesem fall war ich nachhaltig irritiert . f\u00fcr einen arm vom nicht gerade ausgewachsenen oktopus 13,80\u20ac finde ich nicht angemessen . und der lieblose griechische salat war ebenfalls \u00fcberteuert . -- - fazit : wir haben uns nicht richtig wohl gef\u00fchlt , eher wie teil eines durchorganisierten bewirtungsprozesses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das essen ist leider nicht zu wie der preis es vermuten l\u00e4sst . eine platte des hauses f\u00fcr 32 euro , beilagen extra . und dann nicht so wie man es erwartet - leider der service total ausbauf\u00e4hig . 40 minuten f\u00fcr ein bier beispielsweise . ab 0.00 uhr zappelt alles was zwei beine hat . stuttgarts prolls und alle menschen deren niveau ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well , lottery like location ... good concept of combining dining and partying . starts with 2 dining time slots and ends restarts with a party at 11pm . the food is usually good and not very pricy , furthermore the concept includes generous offering of ouzo following the dinner and prosecco , while waiting to be seated ... . there it starts with the ridiculous situation ... albeit reservation it can take over an hour to be seated ... due to the time slot concept the kitchen has to deal with most of the orders at almost the same time . which takes also some time and the lead time does n't match the time slot concept . therefore you 'll get rushed by the inappropriate operations , albeit the time slot concept itself is a good idea . the staff try 's to compensate the chaos with effort , but is ( imho ) unfortunately easily overstrained : - ( the location is more a party and `` to be seen '' location than a recommendable location to dine and talk . albeit advertised differently , it is not primarily a dining but a party location ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was there last night . food was great , really top for what happens when the lights turn down and the music up . dancing on tables and chairs and tossing napkins in the air to traditional greek music . great fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a good time here for ny 's eve . we were late for dinner but they still accommodated us and gave us free bottle of champagne and wine for giving away our table and having us seat on the bar . this place was very crowded but we had fun . the dinner was good and the desserts were delectable . modern ambiance and up beat crowd . only wish they had a cleaner bathroom that night but then again it was super crowded so i understand . all there servers here are only males so a lot of women come here for parties . would love to try their greek food next time . for 4 course meal for ny eve we had : 1 ) tuna tartare and salmon 2 ) soup- forgot if it was potato or squash soup but it was tasty 3 ) steak - very good and very big portion 4 ) 3 kinds of dessert - the meal was served with champagne and our free bottle of wine . great way to celebrate the ny . they also had fireworks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zentral gelegenes restaurant mit griechischen spezialit\u00e4ten . die location an sich ist sehr gro\u00df . sie besteht aus zwei ebenen im innenbereich und einen au\u00dfenbereich , der im sommer zug\u00e4nglich ist . leider gibt es eine lange wartezeit und es empfiehlt sich eine woche vorher mindestens zu reservieren . das essen ist sehr lecker und von hohem niveau . ab mitternacht wird das restaurant am wochenende zum club , was eine nette abwechslung ist . der einlass ist jedoch nur begrenzt und meistens nur durch die g\u00e4steliste m\u00f6glich . nat\u00fcrlich ist der preis f\u00fcr das ganze recht hoch . man zahlt auch etwas den namen und die bekannheit des lokals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "also ich kann das cavos nur empfehlen f\u00fcr jeden der etwas besonderes erleben m\u00f6chte ! ! ! ich muss mindestens einmal die woche ins cavos sonst ist die woche nicht vollst\u00e4ndig . das essen ist top ! ! ! ich bin da echt sehr w\u00e4hlerisch aber hier kann ich getrost sagen man kann nichts falsches bestellen . die bedienung ist immer sehr nett und kompetent , ich wurde noch nie unfreundlich bedient oder habe pampige antworten bekommen was man aus anderen lokalen zu gen\u00fcge kennt ! ( egal wie viel an dem tag abend los is ) die getr\u00e4nke wahl ein ist sehr gut f\u00fcr jeden etwas dabei und die barkeeper ein traum ; ) wenn dann abends die lichter der stadt vergl\u00fchen und es im cavos hei\u00dft `` ready for the party `` bedeutet es ansto\u00dfen und genie\u00dfen sich unterhalten lassen von der guten musik und eine unvergessliche nacht erleben ! einfach ein muss f\u00fcr jeden aus meiner sicht ! ! ! und ich kann nur sagen top weiter so ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super konzept ! ! erst essen und danach fliegen die servietten und mann kann dort feiern . die musik und die stimmung ist top , die location auch . nur als ich einmal zum mittagessen dort verabredet war hab ich sehr lange auf mein gemischten fleischteller gewartet und das fleisch war f\u00fcr mein geschmack zu trocken .das personal sag leider auch ziemlich unmotiviert aus . aber zum feiern gehe ich gerne wieder hin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eure st\u00fchle sind die gr\u00f6\u00dften strumpfhosenvernichter auf erden ! aber sonst genial ! ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein wir hatten einen sch\u00f6nen u aufregenden abend mit gutem essen und einer tollen party ! der service wird leider viel zu schlecht bewertet . das kann ich so gar nicht nachvollziehen ! ich war bereits eine woche zuvor zum essen unter der woche und kann auch da sagen dass der service gut war ! bedienung der kellner war sehr schnell , es hat alles geklappt mit der bestellung . er war kompetent und freundlich . klar das in einem lokal indem so viel los ist nicht jeder kellner smalltalk halten kann , dann w\u00fcrde es n\u00e4mlich nicht schnell gehen . wir fanden es alle passend u angenehm . das essen wir hatten vorab ein men\u00fc ausgesucht , bei welchem verschiedene vorspeisen und hauptspeisen in kleinen tellern serviert wurden . das hat uns allen gut gefallen . so konnte jeder von allem etwas essen . geschmeckt hat alles gut . das ambiente super konzept ! dieses partyfieber von einem auf den anderen moment ist was ganz neues und finde ich pers\u00f6nlich perfekt ! es kam au\u00dferdem super musik . sauberkeit lokal war sauber . toiletten k\u00f6nnten besser gepflegt werden !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leider eine gro\u00dfe entt\u00e4uschung sehr schlechter service . einige barkeeper haben noch nie was von gastfreundschaft geh\u00f6rt . zum teil sehr arrogantes und hochn\u00e4siges personal . warum auch freundlich und respektvoll sein , solange die menschen drau\u00dfen schlange stehen ? ! das essen ist auch nicht der burner . die langen wartezeiten auf getr\u00e4nke und essen lohnt sich garnicht . da gibt es echt bessere locations , wo man richtig lecker griechisch essen kann und der gast auch wie ein gast behandelt wird ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich bin ja ein freund des essens und ein verfechter der guten energie beim essen . das ist gastronomischer missbrauch . einen tisch f\u00fcr mehr als zehn personen kann man dort wohl nicht reservieren und bekommt man doch einen , so muss man ihn nach seinem essen auf n\u00f6tigung des kellners sofort wieder verlassen . am eingang dr\u00e4ngt sich derweil schon stuttgarts pseudo schickeria um zu sehen und gesehen zu werden . wahnsinnig schlechter , arroganter und aggressiver service in einem sterilen ambiente mit abfertigungshallen klima . laute musik \u00fcbert\u00f6nt das meiste , aber nicht alles , wie z.b . das klirrende glas auf den biergarten tabletts der kellner . leider \u00fcbert\u00f6nt es nicht die parf\u00fcm wolke die beim abendessen st\u00f6rt . einmal reicht . stil ist leider wirklich anders . dekadenz auch . ( zensiert )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das cavos ist absolut zu empfehlen ... das essen ist frisch gekocht und total lecker . das personal ist aufmerksam , aber nicht aufdringlich und das ambiente ist auch gut . meine freundin und ich bekamen beide das dessert gratis , weil wir keine zeit mehr hatten den angebotenen espresso zu nehmen . tolle geste ... oder ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moderner grieche in stuttgart . lockere kellner in einer coolen atmosph\u00e4re . 1 . ableger vom original aus m\u00fcnchen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren zum jga dort ! hatte das men\u00fc ohne nachspeise gew\u00e4hlt und haben trotzdem einen gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche zum nachtisch bekommen ! das m\u00e4nnliche service personal ist nicht sehr freundlich ! essen ist hervorragend ! preis im restaurant v\u00f6llig in ordnung ! in der lounge allerdings ziemlich \u00fcberteuert ! ich komm gerne noch einmal , reserviere aber laaaaaange im voraus , da wir von anfang an den tisch nur von 19-21 uhr bekommen haben wegen \u00fcberbuchung . publikum eher gehoben reich bis arrogant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "allgemein beim empfang schon machte das cavos ein negativen eindruck . die t\u00fcrsteher wollte uns fast nicht reinlassen trotz reservierung und fragte nach weiblicher begleitung ( ? ) . angekommen bei der empfangsdame wurden wir nach 1 stunde warten bedient . sie h\u00f6rte nicht richtig zu oder kann kaum deutsch . als ich zum xten mal wiederholte das wir einen tisch reserviert hatten kamen wir zum platz . w\u00e4hrenddessen hatten wir mitgekriegt das g\u00e4ste die vor 20:30 da waren vom platz verwiesen wurden ! die pl\u00e4tze sind sehr beengt . rechts links und nach hinten waren nur wenige cm platz zum n\u00e4chsten gast . das essen war ok . die bedienung verlangte nach dem essen 10 \u20ac trinkgeld . alles in allem ein restaurantbesuch wie im alptraum . bedienung etwas agressiv und \u00fcberfordert . die bedienung verlangte nach dem essen 10 \u20ac trinkgeld . das ambiente sehr wenig platz . man kommt sich vor wie vieh im stall . sauberkeit ok", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das essen ist toll , die stimmung sucht ihresgleichen in stuttgart . leider war der service bei beiden besuchen nicht so toll . falsche getr\u00e4nke ( wei\u00df- statt rotwein , alkoholfreies bier statt normalem , warme vorspeisen 15 minuten nach den kalten vorspeisen serviert bekommen etc . schade . ein weiterer hauptkritikpunkt : die temperatur . wir sind jedes mal um 1 gegangen und haben woanders weitergefeiert . wenn man nur noch schwitzt , macht das keinen spa\u00df . schade drum , die stimmung ist n\u00e4mlich toll .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was way too salty and the waiters are super unfriendly and always in a rush . it 's overpriced for what you get but at least we got a free desert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "der in-grieche in stuttgart ? ja , aber nur f\u00fcr das angesprochene klientel . f\u00fcr eine nette feier mit freunden ideal , aber als gem\u00fctlicher abend zu zweit absolut nicht geeignet . die location sieht sehr sch\u00f6n aus und auch das essen ist \u00e4u\u00dferst schmackhaft . leider ist aber das personal absolut nicht nach meinem geschmack : st\u00e4ndig wird die bestellung vergessen , die frauen werden mit schlechten anmach-spr\u00fcchen angebaggert und dann wird auch noch ordentlich mitgetrunken . die sauberkeit der toiletten lie\u00df leider auch zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig und die tatsache , dass man vor 21 uhr je reservierung nur 2h bleiben darf , ist sehr ern\u00fcchternd . die preise fande ich f\u00fcr die qualit\u00e4t des essens vollkommen ok. ich w\u00fcrde eigentlich gern 2,5 sterne geben , aber da das nicht m\u00f6glich ist , kneife ich beide augen zusammen und vergebe gutgemeinte 3 sterne .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das personal war ausgesprochen hilflos . sie standen regelm\u00e4ssig mit essen bzw getr\u00e4nken ratlos im weg und wussten nicht , wo sie servieren sollten . wir bekamen zu unserer vorspeise teller , die eingeregnet waren , und man meinte , das sei nur wasser . ich habe diese dann selbst abgetrocknet . mir war der umgangston zu l\u00e4ssig . das essen war durchschnittlich . die wartezeiten ebenso . aber mir ist es da zu ruppig vom umgangston her .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bester grieche in town ! sehr freundliche und herzliche mitarbeiter , super ambiente und perfektes essen f\u00fcr einen wirklich fairen preis ! gerne wieder !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the heart bar if i could give this bar ten stars i honestly would ! let 's just say as a 34 year old woman you would think i 'd be in a club partying it up standing on couches and fist pumping but i never made it out of the heart bar because it was so live ! it 's such a cute bar but it gets jam packed and turned up in there ! they have a tv screen that is playing music videos in conjunction of all of the popular songs playing on the stereo system . there are hot go go dancers dancing seductively on little stage like tables that are situated in between the seating . the bar tenders can make a great drink too and are very reasonably priced ! i have to say however james is the very best bartender hands down ! he made some of the best don julio margaritas i 've ever drank ! honestly we went to heart bar every single night that we were there in vegas and ca n't wait to go back asap ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heart is a lounge in the middle of the planet hollywood casino with tables and go-go girls shaking their thing to remixes of the pop hits . they somehow managed to mix pieces of me ( please do not confuse this with piece of me by britney ) , which i can only describe as lol . ok , but seriously , the ambiance was posh and with plenty of seating around , perhaps because we were there during the early ams of saturday . there were no waitresses trolling around so drinks had to be fetched at the bar and there were no minimum orders like the other review stated . it 's got a really chill vibe and anyone can just stroll in and out as they pleased . i did n't think this place was particularly special or that anything made it stick out from the billions of other lounges scattered throughout vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't get in to the shitty club upstairs ? too many ugly people in the club ? just not feeling the music ? then come on down to this no line , no cover , no bs guestlist bar and drink the night away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "heart bar is the main bar on the casino level of planet hollywood . i have stayed here many times for many years and i only go to this bar for convenience . it 's time to renovate or something . it 's just just not very inviting and it 's not a bar you want to stay in for very long . i get that cocktail prices in las vegas are always high . i do n't mind paying a lot for a really good cocktail . cocktails at heart bar are just as expensive as anywhere else and they are n't very good . everything is just average and i tried a wide range of different cocktails during my stay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really club feel without a million of the cover charge . christina was our drink server and was perfect . kept checking on us and had the drink coming . we had one little issue that was not her fault when some random guy knocked over her tray spilling drinks everywhere . great music lots of mid 90s hip-hop had me dancing all night . the gogo dancers for the most part were really fun and really engaging . they would rotate every 30min i 'm guessing . the first 3 were a lot of fun as we laughed at the random dudes trying to talk to them all night . we would make eye contact and she would smile and roll her eyes the others did their job and danced wert as engaging but no complaints . i will come back here whenever i 'm in town please keep up the good work . p.s . the seating is open seating first come first serve . we found a spot with no problem on labor day weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have like 20 shopping carts , so if you come in and they are busy , plan on carrying your purchases . hardly any brand name items in store . mostly private label stuff . slowest cashiers in the world . annoying being alarm system that is going off every time i 've been in the store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to the one in canton and the staff was rude and less than helpful . had to wait about 10 minutes to get in a fitting room . i will never go there again . do n't waste your time ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've driven by this place a ton of times since it opened and i finally had a little extra time to go in and check it out . i thought it was like big lot 's but it has a bunch of clothing as well . it 's all off brand clothes but they are n't bad looking and they are very reasonably price . they have the usual fair of food , cleaning products , and home and garden stuff all of it seems reasonably priced for the quality . the best way to describe this place would be if gabriel brothers sold off brand clothing . if you do n't care about wearing name brand labels this is the place for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "prompt service , did a great job substituting beans for beef as requested and had ample sauce packets out front . what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they make you go inside in the mornings just to see the breakfast menu . absolutely ridiculous .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst taco bell award . i go thru the drivethru and they did n't have half of what i wanted to order . i change my order and then i get to find find they did n't give me most of my order ... plus the food was crazy cold . clearly not made when we ordered it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is really quite strange writing a review about a fast food restaurant ... but the food quality here is better than any other taco bell i have been to ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's taco bell ! it 's as bad good as every other taco bell . how the f can high-end steak houses get 3 stars because people complain that , `` it 's too expensive '' , yet the same person gives taco f-ing bell 4 stars ? ! high end steak houses are supposed to be expensive ! the worst steak you 'll ever get at peter luger 's will still take a giant dump on your best taco bell meal . f !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is typical taco bell which i like . the main issue i have had here is the service . the people who work there are nice but they have messed my order up at more than half the times i have been there . they fix the mistakes with a smile but having to go back in gets annoying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the worst taco bell i 've ever been to . this is the worst restaurant in twinsburg . my order has never been correct , they constantly run out of menu items and the employees are so rude about it all . i would sooner recommend someone visit their dog 's arsehole than encourage my worst enemy to make a visit to this the taco bell .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have only been there one time , after the bar ! ! there was no line , staff was very friendly , our order was correct and yummy ! i love tacobell but some locations arent as good as others . this one im very happy with . we will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these previous reviews are obviously old ! ! i do n't think we have ever gone here without them giving us the wrong food . occasionally they will then give us a hard time about fixing it ! the proportions are wrong ! ! it 's just bad ! ! ! ! ! ugh !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i usually do n't post reviews but after all the great ones could not let this go since this is why we came here . had family in town for one day and they wanted greek food .first service was very good people were friendly . the food not so good my moussaka burned on bottom ( black crust ) my wife 's chicken came out with wrong sauce other order also wrong they blamed new cook ordered two saganaki appetizers they were brought out to table cold hunks of cheese ( they should be under broiler for a few min then to table and flamed with brandy do n't know what happened last nite but wont be back also the salad was good and fresh except had enough water in the bottom of bowl to drink . hope this was just an off nite good luck but your going to need to step it up a notch to make it in the tough restaurant world", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update : it is scheduled to reopen with different owners on feb. 2 , 2011 . update 2 , feb. 2 : it 's open - but it 's something entirely different now - pizza and chicken wings or something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been back to this place 4 times since my first review . an additional review is in order . looking at a few of the newer reviews that are less than stellar i must wonder how i happen to get the best service while the others are less than pleased . maybe i should play the lottery today ? the only thing about my last visit that was not as pleasant as my first is that the tzatziki sauce they were using that day was from some greek festival the other day . too much garlic . first time meeting the owner however . was just as pleasant as the other employees that i have had the pleasure of meeting . still the best gyro in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy shit this place is awesome . it 's close to where i work so i 'm there at least once a week . it 's totally affordable and really good . actual greeks own it , and actual greeks frequent it . i recommend the gyro - it 's enormous and only $ 5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greek food was amazing ! wonderful service and help with exciting choices on the menu . not elegant -- authentic , affordable . highly recommend , wish we could have returned before leaving mesa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times recently during lunch hour . fairly long lines , but not as slow as everyone has stated . time was average in my opinion , only waited about 5 minutes max for my order . mind you , i just ordered tea and some baked goods . not sure what all the hoopla is about - perhaps they have better management employees . pros : - amazing location , right at the busy corner of broadview danforth - steps from broadview subway station - 2 to 3 cashier lines operating when very busy cons : - absolutely no seating , no place to sit at all - must stand to eat at their tiny chest-level table - no washrooms either ! - extremely small , tiny space for the amount of traffic they receive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the slowest and weird line up locations and i have been to sherbourne one . i do n't know why they have two lines when one worker is usually on cash", "score": "2"}
{"review": "grand opening today ! fresh donuts . i 'm not a coffee drinker . enjoy your timmie 's folks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place looks very trendy , hipsterish , and has great lighting and cool architecture . sadly , food does n't follow the ambiance there . first of all , rose & goji berries lemonade was too sweet . i had a medium ( way too small ) japanese ceasar salad ( yuzu dressing ) with tuna . only five pieces of seared tuna . not even fresh . it looks like it just came out of the fridge . classic burger was small but ok . the only positive thing with this recent dining experience was the poutine gravy and the service . staff was friendly . overall portions are very small and food is so expensive . def overpriced . considering the fact they just opened 3 months ago , i 'm sure they can do better . i would recommend people to wait a while before trying that place but honestly , i would n't recommend it at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "joverse owners have opened a spot next to joverse that is similar to joverse but open mondays ! so that 's good . there are a bunch of tvs tuned to hockey and there 's top 40 playing fairly loud . it 's a little cold and downtown cookie cutter feeling somehow , maybe just the business men clients drinking around us turned us off . the staff was friendly and cool . the house drink i had with homemade grape soda was tasty but a little over sweet . i 'm really thankful for these new options in old montreal but would love to see the mark of a passionate focused owner pouring soul into the decor , beer list and every detail .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on our first night we looked for a dining spot no further than across the street from our hotel , being very weary travelers . fun bar like setting , amazing service , we had a blast . we had our first-and-only pountine here ... .and an amazing bottle of wine , as well as glasses of maple whiskey . gf and i split a salad and a shrimp appetizer to keep it on the light side . salad was wonderful , shrimp appetizer was just ok. we were so surprised at the pountine . made of wonderful real fries , and a homemade gravy , it was much better than i expected . cheese curds were a nice touch too . it was very rich , and filling . now i can say i tried it ! ! great spot for a casual meal and drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . just wow . in town 4 days , dinner here twice and i 'm picky about my food and drinks . the cocktail menu 's accessible-sounding drinks belie the deep complexity of these concoctions . i 'd try anything with the booze of your choice . if sam is your bartender , challenge him and you wo n't be disappointed - this is someone who takes pride in his craft and it shows . the food is stellar . the chicken nuggets ( yeah , i know ! ) are top notch and come with the best ranch i 've had and one i wish i could have always . ( this from a ranch-hater ! ! ) both the `` cheesesteak '' and chic fillet are excellent , and the thai popcorn has me trying to replicate the recipe at home . very impressed with this newcomer -- from someone who usually reserves a first visit till after 6 months in operation . ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good service , excellent oeufs frits b\u00e9n\u00e9dictine with a thick slice of medium-fat smoked meat , and hollandaise a la yuzu ( you ca n't really taste it , unfortunately ) . mais \u00e0 ma grande surprise : finally a place where you do n't have to pay an extra to get real maple syrup and extra hollandaise sauce on the side . to me that makes a difference . who wants that plastic syrup ? ! lol my boyfriend had the fried chicken and pancakes ( american fluffy pancakes ) and thought it was very good , maybe not enough chicken and too many - wayyyy too many - pancakes ? we counted like 8 pancakes for three little pieces of chicken , but overall we really liked our experience : ) will probably go back soon since they have an all you can drink mimosas menu for $ 20 ! yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was meh and pricey for what you were given , but the yellowfin burger was good . the service was irritating , taking plates and napkins from you before you have had the time to swallow you last bite ( and there was no rush for our table at the time ) . pushy with the drinks . halfway through your cocktail they kept trying to take it away . all in all ok but no more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stopped by rosewood tonight for dinner and a few drinks while in town on business . i really enjoyed my cocktail ( cherry poppins ) and the burger le massif . the cocktail was well-made ; sweet , but not too sweet . the burger was reasonably sized , but absolutely delicious . mmm , foie gras ! the place was n't crowded ( everyone was headed out to watch fireworks ) , the bartender was friendly and struck up a conversation . there was a also a really good movie ( almost famous ) playing on the tvs with subtitles . strong work , rosewood . i 'll be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for brunch on a sunday afternoon with two friends . the place and the ambiance are okay , music was fine but a little loud making it a little hard to communicate . their brunch menu is simple with 5-6 choices . the service was not good ; my friends had to ask twice for their coffee and it came 15 minutes later , as for the food , it came after 50 minutes ( not exaggerating a bit ) . i ordered the steak and eggs , which says on the menu that it included 2 fried eggs , however it came only with one ( and after 50 minutes ! ! ) . the food overall was alright , nothing special . i also want to mention that tables around us were also waited for their order to arrive a long time . unsurprisingly , we also had to wait to wait 10 minutes to pay for our bills . only positive thing is that they gave us a small discount on our bills to apologize for the terrible service . i do n't recommend this place for brunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend desperately wanted to watch some kind of basketball game while we were on vacation ( ugh ) , and this was the sports bar closest to where we were staying . crowd was certainly bumping on a thursday night , and i 'm sure the $ 5 mojito special helped with that . it certainly helped me get through that basketball game at least ... on the food side , we ordered the poutine to share . it was n't the best i 'd ever had , but decent enough . mojitos were great , if a bit on the weak side . the service was really friendly - this was a theme throughout our time in montreal - and the poor server spent upwards of 20 minutes trying to find the channel that was broadcasting the game , never once making us feel like we were being a bother even though we definitely were . probably would n't go out of my way to come here again , but it seems like a decent place to get the night started or to watch a game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brunch was soo delicious ! ! everything is seasoned and cooked to perfection ! ! quality mimosas as well , best in town ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in montreal and stopped here for a casual dinner . drinks were awesome . food was very good . however . ... service ... . this is why they got 5 stars . impeccable ! ! our server helped us read the thru the menu as we do n't speak french . she made wonderful recommendations . she even treated us to dessert when she found out we were celebrating our anniversary . she made our day . wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best brunch in montreal . service was impeccable . food superb . jeremy and michael are the friendliest and best people i have met in this town . which says a lot considering everyone in montreal are super friendly . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to rosewood for cocktail invasion week and tried a few cocktails . the vibe was great and the staff were really friendly . we only had an appetizer but i will definitely be back to try the full menu . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food ... had brunch here , never had eggs that taste so delicious . the ambience was beautiful and the servers were friendly and happy ! i wanted to go back there everyday for breakfast but it was the last day of my trip when my husband discovered this place . we r regular goers , surely will be regulars on our next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the space . burgers were good but small . expect to eat many things if you go for dinner . drinks are great , they create their own sodas . overall i enjoyed my experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stumbled on this place while looking for someplace that was n't $ 40 per plate . the food here is great , and cocktails are even better . if sam is bartending you are in for a treat , ask him for a a `` crossroad '' . also , the cesar japonais is a new delicious twist on a ceaser . i wish i lived in montreal , so i could be a regular . we were only here 4 nights , but we came back for our last night meal because it was so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an off the beaten track place that you should absolutely try ! we went on a sunday and they had unlimited mimosas for $ 25 ! the food was hot and fresh and our server was super attentive and really nice . everyone who worked there said hello in passing-unexpected but so nice . they were not terribly busy so they lost a star because our food took about 45 minutes . it looked like there were only two people actually working in the kitchen but a lot of servers . the food was good-the poutine is exceptional-it 's not the normal street kind and was over home fries . they were a great twist on this favorite , plus the home fries by themselves were really really good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really cool environment with delicious cocktails . interesting mixture of drinks and cool decorations . came here for a nice cocktail before i headed back home . the cocktail was a gin cocktail with berries and herbs , really delicious , made fresh in front of you . because it was a sunday , it was a bit dead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i cant emphasize enough that the customer service goes above and beyond ! maybe it 's because im from ny but the staff was fantastic . my husband and i showed up without a reservation on a holiday weekend but they seated us right away , even though theyre usually a reservation only establishment . first of all , they had ( strong ) endless mimosas for $ 25 . if that wasnt good enough , while the wait was unusually long for our food ( winter holiday weekend in a ski area ) they gave us a free bowl of fruit while we waited and a discount on the bill . the food was excellent . our table was also in an awkward location so the bartender gave me a pitcher instead of constantly refilling my mimosas across the room . my husband and i could not be happier and would recommend rosewood to anybody visiting the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "endroit super cool pour se retrouver entre amis apr\u00e8s une journ\u00e9e de travail ! bonne bouffe bonne bi\u00e8re !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved this place last night . every employess there bends over backwards to make sure you served and happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rosewood was decent . decor is very cool , location is great , but the food was quite simple . yes , prices were equivalent , but when you order a salad , you expect more than 5 % of toppings over romaine lettuce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great team ! the folks from joeverse have outdone themselves with this burger and beer joint in the old port . totally a chilled place for drinks or food or both : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tragically , i have n't brunched in a while . with a friend coming to town and a sunday morning free , i knew what had to be done and made a reservation for the first place i could find that had bottomless mimosas . the food was fine , the service was good . candace was disappointed that they replaced the salmon lox bagel with avocado toast , but did enjoy said toast . it did n't blow me away , but they had mimosas , so i 'm happy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff were so friendly and helpful however the poutine was a bit salty for my taste . be aware that this place is not vegetarian friendly . besides a side salad and fries there are no vegetarian options besides dessert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent drinks . good conversation . relaxing environment . polite bartenders & staff . i did n't eat , but my friend thought his burger was delicious . music was festive . looks fairly subdued from the street , but i enjoyed my evening . tons of options in the area . give them a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! ! we came on sunday hoping for lunch and found out they only do brunch on sunday 's but this ended up working out perfectly ! i had the breakfast burger which came with a side of very fresh fruit and home fries i was very happy with all of it and it was n't too big ! i was able to finish the whole thing . my boyfriend ordered the strawberry pancakes which were gone within 3 minuets of our waitress setting them down . bartender and staff are very friendly . great noisy atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome , creative cocktails and both bartenders i interacted with were absolutley top notch . bravo to rosewood , we visited many bars in the area and they are certainly one of , if not thee top one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great setting and amazing service . weak beer selection . snacked , but the food served looked and smelled delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service , reasonable prices , and very delicious food . they have bottomless mimosas on sunday for only $ 25 which my wife ordered and thoroughly enjoyed . i ordered the breakfast poutine . it was absolutely delicious and very filling . i highly reccomend this place , and i ca n't emphasize enough their high quality of food and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was delicious and the drinks were strong and tasty . we started with a charcuterie plate which had a lot to offer . my companion got the fish , which he rather enjoyed . i got the short rib , which was excellent ! we also split the poutine . the gravy on the poutine was phenomenal , but the cheese curds were so cold and they were not in the slightest bit warm and melted . definitely too much food for two people , but worth it . i drank the watermelon spritz , which was very tasty and refreshing ! my only problem with this place is are the tv 's . our table was seated directly next to a tv which was playing a vey bizarre movie the whole time we were there . we were hoping for a more cozy dinner experience , but was hard to have while a bizarre movie is playing next to us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place for a sunday brunch . we had the chicken sandwich , the lemon ricotta pancakes , the steak and eggs and the tourti\u00e8re . all great choices . the pancakes were beautifully fluffy with the nice tang of lemon . the steak was perfectly cooked and flavourful . the tourti\u00e8re was interesting in that it was a little sweeter than you might find normally . and the chicken sandwich . wow . all in all a great place with good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my partner and i wanted to get poutine before we left . we stumbled upon this place while we were strolling in old montreal . i can not describe in words how delicious this poutine was - you must try it ! the cheese , hash browns , sauce , bacon , to the egg paired together perfectly . the food was fresh and mouth-watering ! we both enjoyed this dish a lot , we would come back if we visit montreal again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want overpriced appetizers as your main entrees you 've found the right place ! do n't come hungry and you 'll be satisfied . the manager and waitress asked us if everything was ok with our meals and we expressed our disappointment with the miniscule portions and they said they would sell us more food and suggested an appetizer . it 's obvious that we could simply order more food and did not want to hear that as there answer . no customer service . nice atmosphere and the food tasted decent but this was all a very big disappointment for $ 70 . for 2 of us . we would have been better served at mcdonalds on the same block because we would have at least left there full .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely loved this bar ! walked in and felt at home - two straight times in a row ... ... that 's not something that happens unless it is truly a spot that not only the owners ( jonas is a rockstar ) but the staff ( tanya is amazing ) is excited about ! it felt like home ... .period !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the space itself + the ambiance gets 5 stars , but i ca n't give them more than 3 after having had their food . we came here for bottomless brunch - the mimosas were fine , but the eggs benedict was absolutely subpar . instead of traditional hollandaise sauce , they use some clementine-infused sauce , which caused a zesty flavor and ruined the entire dish . additionally , the smoked salmon in the dish was gross . not fresh . come here with friends for a drink or two [ or three ] , but i 'd opt out on the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "umm so the ambiance is cool but the food is plain , for a second i thought about giving it 2 starts but that wood not be fair . service was nice , music was good , young crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "from the fantastic tunes and hip vibe , to the incredibly yummy eats , you can tell the staff at rosewood is passionate about their craft ( they are all very cool friendly too ) . try their homemade lemonade and unique cocktails : original , tasty , and fresh . delicious food , lively atmosphere , and good company : all great reasons to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super chill vibe , friendly staff , cool decore . wish i found this place sooner as i was staying across the street . look it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for brunch on our trip . ambience was very unique and hipster . cult classic movies on ( no sound ) and music kept the noise level high but not to the point where you could n't hear each other . the food was great , we shared 3 plates and non disappointed . def worth a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibe and atmosphere . food was alright -- the cheesesteak montrealais was interesting , but not as flavourful as i would have thought . the le massif burger was fantastic , though . fries were delicious . poutine was interesting -- brandy in the gravy and made with some sort of veal -- either veal stock , veal fat , or with veal in the gravy itself . beer selection is decent , and all are priced the same . no pitchers , just 64 oz . growlers -- looks cool , but not very practical for pouring at first . prices seemed a little steep for portion size , but that may be status quo for the area . overall , a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great craft cocktails . the bartenders know what they are doing . cozy atmosphere and the band is fantastic . i mean they made the night for us ... and we are just getting started .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patience , patience and more patience is what you need if you decide to go for sunday brunch here . even with a reservation we had to wait for about 20 minutes , though we had coffee offered while we were waiting then we had to wait almost o n e hour for our food to come out and beleive me , it was worth it every single minute , the saulmon toast with avocado and the side order of panckakes were outstanding ! also the great and attentive service the barman gave us made our long wait fine . because of the long waiting he managed to take out from our bill all beverages .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here on a friends recommendation as he knows the owner . the overall experience was ok , but we were not impressed with the service and the food quality . we had to consistently ask for our mimosas to be refilled , when the food arrived it was cold . now that being said , the food tasted very good , but the fact that it was cold put a damper on things . changes to menu are not an option , so for our gluten free friends it was a little difficult to find something to eat . there is also no wifi available to restaurant patrons . overall a disappointing experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we like to bring our dogs here to run around and play in the park . it 's a short distance from our house , so it 's very convenient . the park is not as large as some of the others in town , but it 's nice and quiet . return factor - 80 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this . park . is . amazing ! i recently discovered this location and had no idea one could hike up the mountain . they have an awesome trail through the far west side for those who want to hike with minimal effort , an average area through the center on the east side , and a difficult trek on the north side . something for everyone . you can choose to park closer to the 215 , near the lone mountain side , or off of alexander , depending on which route you plan on taking . once you reach the top ... amazing . nothing like it . you have an absolutely breathtaking view of almost the complete las vegas valley with sweeping views of red rock canyon in the west , and centennial hills to the north , making it hard to believe you are atop a mountain in the middle of a city . it also includes full basketball courts , which are packed day and night , some adorable play areas for the kiddos , and plenty of grass for your four-legged friends . if i could live at this park i would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great area ! the park is pretty big too so it 's fun to walk around . it 's really beautiful here ! i came here this morning to go pokemon hunting and found some great pokemon ! it 's right next to the mountain so just watch out for bugs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i got married at lone mountain discovery park april 24th , 2013 . we were able to rent a large covered area for only $ 50 and the location was beautiful , the bathrooms were in a great location , the grass was well manicured and we had easy access to the playground and the trail ! we were blessed with beautiful weather and a beautiful backdrop for our photos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since moving to the west side , this park has been one we frequent ! my kids love this place ! it can get quite busy on the weekends but definitely still a great place to take the kids ! our fave spot is the kiddie section for 2-5 year olds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice area , quiet , 3 separate playgrounds , 2 for my toddler that 's safe enough with safety swings , and no sand which is always great . open grass areas too . covered picnic area so it 's a good place to have a play date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been going here for years..the kids love it ... more when they are small , under 7 , on the upper park and under 9 st the lower park . this place is clean and quiet with no riff raff ... hard to find and secluded , homes all around so no people drinking or dealing ... they could see them from their front windows ! ! i have yet to see any of this ... and i see police cruisers go by ... nce place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this park , its huge , it 's often packed on the weekends , but who cares ! very well kept and down the road from us ! we love to pack a lunch , a blanket and spend the day ! some of the toys are a little mature for littler kiddos , but the splash pad is fantastic too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice park with a good mountain to climb . only down side was noticed a lot of trash left on the mountain as we hiked up it . good place for relaxing with friends or walking your dog .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was such a wonderful park when i came in august , now it 's completely changed and the light schedule was always wrong . park closes at 11 but the lights always goes out at 10pm . ca n't even enjoy a good nights walk anymore", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we originally came to hike the mountain close by but it was such a hot day we ended up picnicking at this park . its pretty quaint and not over crowded . other than us we shared the park with a man and his dogs and a family on the play ground . it had a nice shaded sitting area and plenty of shade trees to relax under and 2 play grounds for different age ranges .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "donuts on steroids ! this place ruined me ! ! ! as soon as i entered , i heard angels singing as these amazing-looking donuts called my name . i could n't stop staring ! though they were grouped into different price tiers ( $ 1 to $ 2.25 ) , i was able to mix and match with complete abandon . while their lowest tier of classic donuts are similar in type to those at dunkin donuts , they blow places like that to pieces . every component 's higher quality . of their specialty and gourmet donuts , the fat elvis is king with a yummy banana-peanut butter filling , chocolate frosting , and a caramelized banana slice on top . get this ! ! ! while their apple fritter was a little too sweet , their chocolate mocha donut and maple bacon cronut were bomb ! if i lived closer , this would be the donut place for me . in case of emergency , it 's open 24 7 . excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for awesome customer service ! i got there around 6:30 am to pick up some cronuts because i know they sell out fast , first thing in the morning . i was in luck because they had glazed , blueberry , and chocolate in stock . i asked for a dozen blueberry , but the guy said they only had 3 . what a bummer ... but he was so kind to offer to dip the glazed donuts in their blueberry glaze so i could satisfy everyone 's blueberry cravings ! i thought that was very thoughtful of them ! if you 've never been to pink box , just know that they are all eye popping and delicious if you have a real sweet tooth . i 'm not a sweets person , but i 'll make an exception for their cronuts . i could probably eat a whole box if i had the chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first cronut here and it was life changing . the creativity put into the different types of donuts offered here is amazing . i dont have a favorite-i could n't chose . be sure to get here early because they do run out and when they do the doors are shut . the two gentlemen working behind the counter were super awesome as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super yummy ! i always order from here through ubereats , but the donuts always show up fresh and delicious . no complaints yet . the maple bacon bar will change your life . just do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fancy donuts , excellent service , and fancy donut 's ... its an easy 5 stars with that alone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved going to this place . large assortment of donuts which are baked fresh . definitely would go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually like doughnuts very much , but i 'm always on the lookout for a good cake doughnut . this place does a great job of making super sweet ( like , super , super sweet ) and creative yeast doughnuts , and decent cronuts too if that 's your thing . most importantly , their cake doughnuts are incredible ! i 've never had one that was so fluffy yet dense , and maintained a tender crumb even hours after leaving the store . i would definitely come back , especially for the sweet potato cake doughnut . also , i stopped by the morning of the 19th and the girl working there by herself ( sorry , i did n't get her name ! ) was very helpful in answering questions i had about the different flavors . she recommended the sweet potato , which ended up being my absolute favorite by far , so thank you very much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the one time a year i get a craving to be a complete and total piglet , and actually think to myself , `` what sounds great right now are a dozen of the most amazingly high in calories doughnuts i can find . '' this is the place to go . i do n't frequent too many other doughnut shops to compare these too ... but they 're pretty great . my friend hated the bacon one.. i did n't try it . but everything else is pretty much straight forward .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been coming to pink box for a long time but it seems that the quality had gone down a lot . today i purchased a maple bacon bar and i noticed it was flat , when i took a bite i realized it was raw ... the whole middle was dough . i also bought some of the specialty flavors and they just are n't what they used to be . i hope whoever owns this place starts to care more about quality because there are plenty of other places to choose from with better doughnuts and cheaper prices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "favorite donut place ever ! ! ! my mouth is watering just thinking about it hahaha but for realz..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! we ordered a dozen and loved em all . fav was the big elvis and the cereal donuts . blueberry was good ... i could go on i will definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good flavors , interesting combinations - the only downside was the cronuts were a bit drier than i have had elsewhere their apple fritters are addicting", "score": "4"}
{"review": "previously i came here and was very disappointed compared to their lake mead location , but after stopping in today i 'm happy they 've solved any issues i had ! with a bakery on site now they had any doughnut i could have asked for and their doors are now open 24 hours . so glad to have a proper doughnut shop near us again ! shout out to akeil ( sp ? ) for taking care of us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i went in today around noon searching for one thing : cronuts ! ! my mom is in town visiting and has been talking about them non stop . ive never gotten the chance to had one so when i found that pink box had them we had to try ! amazing ! ! ! i will say the girl behind the counter seemed like she was a little annoyed , but thats okay honestly the cronuts totally made up for it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best doughnuts ever ! i wish i could pick one to call my favorite but it 's impossible . my son and i have been here a few times but yesterday was the best visit yet . we went about 10 minutes to close and they still had plenty of doughnuts to choose from . oh , and i almost forgot to mention that it was happy hour . we got a dozen for only $ 8 . ya ca n't beat that . brittney was working the register and she was a doll . most of the time when you go places so close to closing time they have an attitude because they 're ready to go home but not this sweet lady . she was playful with my son and all smiles . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this my donut place . i love the yeast donuts , the cake ones are pretty good but my favorite is the buttermilk old fashion ones . got ta go early or they sell out of them and the cronuts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are from out of town and went here based on a recommendation . best decision we made ! service was awesome and donuts & cronut holes were amazing ! so glad we stopped in and will do so every time we visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went to the pink box , had an awful experience with my online order last time , thought i 'd give them another chance , this time they were spot on ! ! ! cronuts are my new favorite thing , delicious ! ! ! staff was very friendly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you ca n't beat these doughnuts , they are literally the best ! i do n't live really close , but i definitely come here when i want to treat my family . i have n't had a doughnut here i do n't like , but my favorite is the maple bacon , the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the donuts ! very dangerous because you want to try everything . this place is more than a one trip stop because you have to come and try all their specialty donuts . they also have `` happy hour '' donuts meaning if you come an hour before close , donuts are 1 2 half off . plus so far service has been good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a a couple pink box donuts before , and today my husband was having a hankering for something sweet . we arrived on a sunday and he picked out 3 sweets ; a blueberry glazed cronut , a cake sprinkles and raised chocolate sprinkles . the blueberry cronut was good , the cronut itself flaky and buttery , although the blueberry glaze was too sweet in my taste . both raised donut and cake donuts were delicious . pink box is doing what all the more gourmet donut shops are doing , offering the typical sprinkles or chocolate glazed treats , while adding to their menu flavors such as bacon-maple , blue cheese-balsamic vinegar , or other more unusual options , which is a fun twist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "donuts were stale by the time we got to them at 3pm . staff was unhelpful with it being our first time to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really great place , the workers were so friendly~ bought some donuts for my coworkers and they loved it ! i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this place is just okay . the service is amazing and friendly . but the doughnuts are overly priced , sometimes too sweet and sometimes very dry . not very consistent on the quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i purchased a jeep from a guy and noticed after getting home , ( 70 miles later ) , i had a ton of transmission fluid all over the underside of the jeep . i dropped it off and after checking the transmission , transfer case , test driving it , me test driving it , it would n't leak anymore and ran fine . turns out , it was most probably overfilled from the previous owner . tony explained into detail how transmissions on these jeep work , and really took the time to try and figure out the problem . i was prepared to spend $ 1500 to have it fixed , but because tony is honest and has integrity , he did n't charge me because he could n't find a problem . a lot of other places would 've `` found '' an issue and gladly took my money . if you want an honest shop , go see him . great , great , great , experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car to tony , he checked it and determined that instead of charging me for a new trans it would be best to leave the check engine light on and drive it until i have an actual problem . no problems after four years . i trust his judgement and still call from time to time just to say hi . before i go anywhere i call him first . he 's always right on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its nice to find a straight shooter in the auto industry . from the initial phone call , to getting the work done , it was as stated . he spent the time asking enough questions that he pin pointed the problem , scheduled the appointment and had me completed as promised . liked that he did n't waste my time , came in on budget and his shop is clean and organized", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as good as it gets ! i brought my vehicle to tonys because i had a shifting issue . i left it with tony for the day and the guys there made an adjustment that took care of the problem and charged me absolutely nothing . on the way home a different issue popped up . i called tony on my way home to talk to him and he told me to bring it back by the shop . the next day i took my vehicle back to tony and they made another adjustment free ! ater all the adjustments and checks it turned out to be an internal issue that needed addressed . i had tony and the guys go through the transmission for a rebuild . it was done on time when promised at the price quoted and i could n't be happier ! ! i had a great experience at tonys and would n't hesitate to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came with friend to get his truck worked on what a great place . the integrity of the owner really stands out . i would recommend this place to anyone in need of transmission service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a+ service , speed of work , and communication . i had a really good experience and would recommend him to anyone . very reasonable in cost and finished the job in the time frame he promised .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! tony is a person of integrity . i have an older vehicle and thought i needed a transmission flush - he discussed with me in detail why it was safer for my vehicle to do another type of service for my particular transmission . he quoted i would have to wait about 90 minutes for the service , it was actually done early- when does that ever happen ? and you can tell when speaking with him & how his staff interact with him , they respect him . the gentleman who was working on my car , dave , actually went above & beyond and `` tweaked '' a little something i had wrong with the cosmetic appearance of my car and he did n't tell me he did it . that 's a class act ! i highly recommend tony 's for any transmission work ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! great service ! i took my truck to tony with a very unusual problem . him and his team fixed the issue and my truck runs great ! take your vehicle to tony with any transmission work and get it fixed right the first time . thanks tony !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josh came and picked us up on the roadside , within the timeframe that he had given us over the phone . he was very friendly and efficient . the price for towing our f250 was very reasonable . we would definitely recommend his services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used adam 's towing two times now ! super nice and reliable , plus fast service and always professional . i would recommend using them anytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple . spoke with josh , picked up me and my car , got us home . paid a fair price . could n't have asked for better service . adams towing is saved in my contacts for anytime i need this service again . thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a blow out in mesa and called adams towing . super friendly and professional . had no idea what to expect and seriously lucked out with this one ! would definitely use again ! thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car overheated today in the middle of the day ! ! i called adam and i received great customer service and he showed up before the 45 minute estimate ( he arrived in 30 minutes ) . it 's great to be treated in a nice manner after being in the 117 degree heat with a child ! i would use this towing service again and recommend to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch professional service ! josh was friendly and efficient ! i would recommend adams towing to all my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! i own a small business ( a 5 star rated company on yelp ) and i know how hard it is to keep everyone happy . josh the owner of adams towing has what it takes to do just that . he was on time , answered his phone , knowledgeable and had his paperwork was in order . he even dropped the vehicle exactly where i wanted it at the mechanics shop ( i checked on it later that day ) 5 star service all the way . he will be my tow guy from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company twice now and both times the service was fantastic ! the first time it was late at night and my daughter and i were stuck at a government office . he was there in the time frame he quoted , had the vehicle hooked up and ready to go to the shop quickly and efficiently . the second time i had to have a large truck towed to my son 's house . we have never found a tow company that could actually get a vehicle into the driveway - we have always had to push it off the street ( narrow streets ) . josh had it backed in and dropped exactly where we wanted it in the driveway in no time . he made his quoted time on both calls and even called me to let me know he was enroute and eta . i absolutely will recommend this company to everyone - in fact when i had to call my roadside assistance the second time i specifically asked them to call adams .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to pull a 1991 ford f350 cclb for over 100 miles , and josh let me ride with him in his tow truck to save some gas . i rode with him for 6 hours , and i got to admit i do not regret one bit choosing this company . this guy is the voice of reason , not computerized recommendations for general purposes like big companies do . he knows what 's best and does an honest job for a very fair price . it 's a one man show , and i think in this case that was a good thing . none the least , he a good person in general . he gave me good advice about the truck , and recommended me a couple of things i could do about it . i will definitely request his services again in the future , and recommend it to every body i know when they need a tow . thanks once again josh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been craving carne asada for days and my husband politely reminded me we had n't tried los compadres yet . we normally buy our carne asada from sunflower market and enjoy the spices they use there . lately though my husband mentioned how the meat has been tougher than he likes . thus , off to lc we went . i was pleasantly surprised on entering . a clean , well organized facility was what greeted us . they had an ample produce section with great deals ( i mean great ) on seasonal produce . we selected a watermelon , tomatoes , avocados and lettuce and was happy with everything . my fascination had only begun ! their meat counter is huge , featuring nearly anything i could think of . nicely displayed and served by friendly , efficient staff . we settled on the carne asada and were instantly impressed . tender , flavorful , and pounded thin , this is the stuff we 'll be buying from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love mexican food ... real mexican food , and you do n't want to go out to eat every night , you need to start shopping at a carniceria . carneceria means 'meat market ' in spanish , or so i so i am told . most carnicerias i have been in over my lifetime are more like a small grocery store ... los compadres # 3 is , in my opinion , the best in town ... i have only gotten the pre-marinaded chicken and steak ( carne asada ) here . they pound the meat thin and use a very tasty , not too spicy marinade so all you have to do is slap the meat on a preheated grill for a few minutes on each side . in the back of the store there is a service counter where you can buy premade food . yummy taquitos and excellent rice . great pico de gallo , and the guacamole is very tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "los compadres rocks . it 's nice to have a good mercado on this side of town . the carniceria ( meat market ) is well-stocked and has a wide variety . carnitas , carne asada , pork ribs ... they 're all here ! i like the fresh sweet bread . and , i especially like the tamales . sometimes you just have to have a tamale . especially around the holidays . it 's a latin thing . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this little market is a hidden gem tucked away on the boulder hwy for local lovers of authentic hispanic foodstuffs . great prices and produce quality ; the food counter in back can satisfy the need for a quick bite of mex . only the panaderia could use some freshly made baked goods that might still be warm but this is picky on my part . there has been a recent re-naming on the exterior wall but everything inside seems to be as it was before even down to the same employees . definitely worth a peek and some local support before we have to drive another 15 miles to the larger concerns in town . bue\u00f1o .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place . great selection of meats and latin products with quite a nice produce section as well . i got a tad upset when one of the butchers did n't speak english but when the other one noticed he took over and was pretty helpful . all in all a nice little market .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's good to have a place with such good coffee on offer in this part of the city , but it was really strange to see matthew algie ( very poor ) and dear green ( very good ) both served , so be careful to express a preference when ordering . the sandwiches looked good , and the breakfast roll i had was tasty stuff . overall , we said : `` i was really pleased with chapter one . it brings much needed coffee quality to this part of town so i can see myself being a regular visitor . you should pay it a visit next time you 're in these parts as i 'm confident you 'll be impressed . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great little coffee place , lunch if needed , small nibbles , and great coffee : ) and as an added bonus very fast internet 45mbps download and 25mbps up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must have blinked because suddenly the very last century ( dare i say even 90 's ) style copy internet shop that was at this corner morphed into a cozy looking coffee shop ! they still have the internet shop but split it up in two , so its is connected with a door to the coffee place , what a very smart business move ! the neighbourhood could definitely use another option for coffees , and the offer of pastries and sandwiches is small but very nice ! i 'll be over a lot more as its on my way from home to town , happy this got added to the neighbourhood ! and good to still have a place to gt my copies or scans at the same time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a new cafe with character on dalry road ! ! ! nice bright interior , big windows , display with croissants and sandwiches made fresh in the place ! the guy that runs the place is very friendly , passionate for making a good coffee and offering high quality service ! ! ! i have tried their coffees and have been always pleased . i noticed they have porridge in their menu so i 'm going to try it soon as i have been informed that it 's freshly made with milk . lastly , they do a small discount when you bring your own cup for take away and they do have a loyalty card : 8th coffee for free ! give it a go , i bet you will go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like many places in edinburgh , do n't be scared when you only see hot cups . they serve really great iced lattes with extremely friendly service . a must stop for your coffee pick me up ! they also have seating if you wish to enjoy your coffee in house !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a sick 13 month old so i schedule an appointment to see the doctor . we arrived 10 minutes early and checked in at the front desk . we waited 35 minutes in the waiting room then was moved to a back room for 25 minutes . after 1 hour of waiting the doctor never showed up to examine my daughter . i find it unacceptable having to wait an hour to see a doctor when you have a sick child . what is the point of making an appointment if the doctor is not going to show up . i would not recommend this place . they will not respect your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well i would like to take my kids her but i ca n't even get to talk to anybody because the phone number is a game of push number whatever ! all i want to do is talk to somebody and an appointment !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've been seeing dr stevenson for a few years . she 's great ! ! ! ! we 've always gotten same day appts ( may not be with our dr , but the others are great too . ) i love the front desk girls , they are always very sweet and helpful . dr stevenson is a great dr . very knowledgeable and actually listens to your concerns . a lot of peds do n't , since they think they know everything . highly recommend dr stevenson and hh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay but inconsistent care . they are located in the same parking lot as mercy gilbert hospital however they are not contracted with them so if you need hospital care , be prepared to drive across the valley to the dirty mesa banner health hospital . they have separate entrances for sick and well but is only there for peace of mind since everyone touches and goes to the same patient rooms . was rescheduled several times upon going to our sons 3 month appointment then during the appointment they informed us they did n't have his complete set of vaccinations in office and wanted us to return for separate shots ... as if i was going to drag out the pain of vaccinations . high volume of patients . do n't expect to get in right away . fast food of health care .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took my 8 week old daughter here for her first round of vaccinations and we had a great experience . everyone from the receptionist to dr romero to nurse stephanie who actually gave my baby her shots were kind and patient with us . i also really liked the aesthetics of the office . there was a cute theme for every patient like harry potter and disney princesses . this practice will visit you in the office if you choose them as a pediatrician and mercy gilbert is just down the street so it all works out . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so we were a couple min late to my daughters doctor appt ! 10 min to be exact . we have now been here for an hour and have n't seen the doctor yet l ! we loved that this doctor office is affiliated with the hospital we gave birth at but the more we come back the more i hate it ! this will be the second time this doctor has seen my daughter ! that 's my biggest issue the office has so many doctors that it 's hard to keep your appointment with the same doctor all the time ! they staff constantly reschedules our appointments and we can never see the same doctor . it 's disappointing that we always have to re explain everything to a new doctor every time we come", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this pediatric office is great . we love dr wilcock ! she is very thorough and spends good time with us to answer our questions . i live in san tan valley and travel far to get here so that should be evidence enough that they are worth that drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been taking our children here for a year now and i was hoping our experience would improve but unfortunately the majority of the providers we 've seen here do n't have great bedside manner . i typically feel as if they are `` talking down '' to me and their exams are usually very quick with minimal questions asked . overall i do n't feel as if they really care ( aside from one of the doctors who has now left the practice ) . the front desk staff is n't very friendly and almost always pronounce our kids names wrong ( not a big deal but you 'd think they 'd make a note of how to say their names ) . we keep coming back because switching a ped is a lot of work but now i 'm at the point where it needs to happen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once so far with my teen daughters recently and i was very impressed . the facility is clean and comfortable . i liked that i could print out forms online before our first visit . we did n't really wait so long in the waiting area . we saw dr. romero and my daughters and i were very pleased with her . she was very friendly and listened to our concerns and offered helpful feedback . both of my daughters commented on how thorough their well check up was compared to ones at our previous doctors who only seemed to do the bare minimum for the annual check ups and just kind of brush by our concerns and not delve into them past the surface . i was really surprised to see the negative reviews on here and glad i did n't see them first because it might have turned us away . like i said , we 've just been here the one time but it was a very good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my children have been going to healing hearts for about four years now since my youngest was a newborn ... we have always had very thorough , courteous care . we 've seen : dr. wilcock , dr. romero , dr. mckenna , nikki ( np ) , and debbie ( np ) and love all of them ! the front office staff is very knowledgeable and friendly they are all very efficient and have great attitudes ! if i could change anything it would be : on-site lab work to avoid going to lab corp or wherever , other than that , we have zero complaints !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm extremely disappointed in healing hearts . i usually go to the queen creek location , but was told there was nothing available for a `` well check '' visit til late next month . so i hesitatingly made an appt at gilbert . it takes over an hour to get there . i was running late due to construction and an accident . then my 4 year old daughter had to pee . so i called and told them i 'd be about 15 min late . they told me it was no problem , so i kept going . i checked in , and 25 minutes after i checked in , they told me my daughter could n't be seen that day ! 1 . when i called , they should 've said , `` let 's reschedule . '' i could 've turned around at that point . 2 . when i checked in , they did n't say a word until after we 'd been sitting in the waiting room for close to a half hour ! poor poor service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor policy decisions . must have vaccinations to be a patient here . although i have made a decision for my child , i do n't agree with the medical office not seeing a patient because they made a decision they feel is best their child . other than that issue , during my one and only allowed visit , the service was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been a regular with these guys for 8 years now and have never been disappointed . very reasonably priced and the food is always good . like others you only get 2 pieces of chicken in biryani so order a side . kebab rolls are awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good indian pakistani take out . tried their veal biryani . they do not have a display counter like some of the other restaurants . so , you can not pick something by looking and pointing . however , the food was fresh and appetizing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no complaints - was jonzing for briyani and they had it - do n't have too much to compare this place with others - ordered the rashmi chicken kabob with chicken briyani - kabob was a bit dry - but overall good flavour", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious , quick and great value . we ordered their chicken biriyani , butter chicken , aloo palak and naan . their flavors are spot on , not too spicy but enough heat to keep things authentic . their naan was light and fluffy , butter chicken - very creamy ( a bit too much for my liking but my partner liked it ) and their chicken biriyani delicious . we had enough for lunch the next day . if you are around the neighborhood and looking for some take out , this place is great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh gosh , where should i start ? i 'm in love ! ! ! ! the strawberry milk is to die for ! i can drink a whole half gallon in one sitting . and the rootbeer milk , it 's weird when you hear rootbeer milk and at first taste , it 's weird as well but as you finish the gulp , it grows on you and you just wan na keep on drinking . it 's like a well blended rootbeer float . fyi , they sell their milks at a ton of different retailers but definitely come here if you can because it 's cheaper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't actually been here . but i drove by here just now and it reminded me that my friend swears by their milk and milk related products , sometimes driving upwards of ten - even fifteen - minutes in order to satiate his bovine related liquid needs . they also provide the milk for a local ice cream parlor that i enjoy , so i gave them the fifth star for this reason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! plain white milk- great ! the price is consistent with premium organic 1 2 gallons in the grocery store , but it taste better ( $ 3.49 at the dairy ) . flavors mocha ! ! this stuff is better than those little starbucks to-go frappuccinos . i recommend adding it to frozen coffee ice cubes . eggnog ( available during the holidays ) - i hated eggnog until i tried theirs . store bought eggnog has a funny aftertaste . they also have chocolate and strawberry which we love . the arizona orange and root beer are good , if you like adventure . bottle deposits are $ 2 bucks and you get a $ 2 bill at the dairy when you return them . have n't tried to return the bottles to safeway yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on saturday . enjoyed the waffle food truck and some fresh milk . the farmers market was not what we expected . one table of items inside . we were also surprised that the pricing of the few available dairy items were pretty much the same price as in the grocery stores where they are carried it is great milk ! we tried chocolate and strawberry . hope to get back for a tour in march when they have them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they were super nice . a very cute storefront and the milk was very cold in the fridge . we got chocolate and egg nog . the chocolate was very tasty and i am already totally obsessed with this egg nog ! ! quite possibly the best egg nog i 've ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start off with that fact that i do n't like milk . well , i did n't like milk . thought it was disgusting . bought a bottle of this brand from a local grocer and had my son try it . he drinks organic and said this tasted weird . not bad , just weird . so i tried the milk . i started laughing and said `` i tastes 'weird ' because you 've never had real milk before . this is amazing '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off their prices are more then the big milk producers sell theirs at , however we are talking fresh milk here it is local and family owned . what a great experience we had on our first visas and yes we are going back ca n't wait to make fresh butter and buttermilk for pancakes ! ! ! ! milk is delivered 3 times a day from their own farm 3 miles away which is so cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just like the sign says : get the freshest milk possible '' we had so much fun tasting all the different types of milk . all are delicious ! we bought the mocha and half and half ... ..yum ! oh yea , we got the cheese curds too ! my husband is from wisconsin and he gives this dairy 2 thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the flavored milks here are really good . the root beer one tastes like a root beer freeze and the arizona orange is really awesome . orange milk ? yeah ! it 's creamy , it 's orange , and it 's delish ! ! they will give you a free sample of whatever flavored milks you want to try , if your in the area i highly recommend trying them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just moved to laveen and saw the dairy on southern . my wife and i went in and were greeted immediately by 3 different people . a nice young man , very friendly , asked what we like and then proceeded to explain everything in the coolers and then asked us if we would like to try some fresh butter and then sample all the different types and flavors of milk . it was awesome and so fresh . the two women behind the counter were fun and informative . we had a great time and will be back . nice to live in the country again . being from wisconsin originally , we know our dairy products . we love your products and they brought back fond memories . to go home we have to drive past the cow farm on 67th and broadway . now we know whos milk we are drinking . you guys are great . thanks for the fun experience . kids must live your place . chef john", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a special place . the milk is delicious and cows are healthy . its on 60th ave southern in phoenix if you love milk , farms , butter , and friendly informative visits . the employees take good care of the cows . bottle deposits are $ 2 bucks and you get a $ 2 bill at the dairy when you return them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could take the butter making class . this place is the living end ! not just free milk samples , but specialty butters , cream , ice cream . its a lactose-tolerant person 's heaven . glass bottles so your milk does n't have that weird flavor -- with a refundable deposit . no more trashing the ocean with plastic . plus , the cows are right across the street . they have their own misters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been meaning to head out to this dairy for a long time now and after using strauss family creamery organic half and half , i knew it was time to give the local dairy a try . i am so glad i did ! ! though i went in for half and half , the desk clerk suggested i try the heavy cream for my coffee . i have tried heavy cream from factory farms before and it leaves a sort of film , if you will , on the inside of my mouth . the danzeisen dairy heavy cream is incredibly smooth and the perfect complement to coffee . i ca n't wait to actually whip some of the cream up as well as make a little bit of homemade butter . yum yum yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there today bought a half gallon of chocolate and a quart of strawberry . now let me tell you i do n't drink milk but i had a half a glass of both and i loved both . tried a sample of the orange and the root beer . will be going back soon for mor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "milk in glass bottles tastes better ... that 's my expert opinion . $ 2 bottle charge is returned to you when the empty bottle is brought back . a bit pricey if you are accustom to purchasing frys milk by the gallon . local costs more . glass costs more . fresher milk costs more . well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah-friggin-mazing . the only place i will buy milk from ever again . and the flavors ? ? to die for . never had such yummy chocolate milk , and the arizona orange ! yum ! i think i 'm in a milk coma .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "- did not grow up liking having milk as a drink - their milk i do like - nothing fancy , just plain and solid reliable good tasting milk and dairy products - the staff is very helpful , even when they 're busy - am about to try on if their farm tours , for my little one ... we are excited", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im lactose intolerant , but this milk goes down smoothly ... i usually have the creamsicle or the mocha . though my boys like the strawberry and chocolate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had always heard about how really good their milk was and we had always wanted to try it out and recently we took a drive and decided to stop and we were not disappointed at all ! ! ! we got the chocolate and egg nog because those are our favorites and we will definitely be coming back for more ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably one of the best dairies in the world . not only is the product to die for the staff is so amazing and helpful ! the orange milk sounds extremely weird but it taste like a creamsicle ! i absolutely love this place and i recommend it to all of my friends ! this is a great find , and i feel like everyone should give this place a try , you 're bound to find something you like . they have a variety of flavors such as chocolate , strawberry , orange , and even rootbeer ! the coffee milk is to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the glass bottle caught our eye in the store , so we grabbed the half & half . the cost was more ... yes , but `` local '' and in a glass bottle ... we do n't mind supporting . let me just say , i was shockingly impressed . the flavor was wonderful in my coffee . we purchased it on the 16th with the expiration date of the 20 ( we drink a few cups of coffee ) and i finished it today ( the 23rd ) and it was still good . i have purchased dairy items and they go bad even prior to the expiration date so this made me happy . definitely going today to grab the milk and creamer ( again , of course ) ... and maybe even the chocolate & strawberry milks for the kids to drink !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me see all the reasons to love this dairy ... chocolate milk , skim milk , stawberry milk , orange creamsicle milk , mocha milk , root beer milk , milk shakes , butter , cinnamon sugar butter , garlic rosemary butter , cream , oatmeal ice cream , cookie dough ice cream , and manners please ice cream ... plus there are always super sweet staff members , they pair up with a local waffle truck , they give tours , the bottles are glass and returnable for $ $ ... yeah my heart loves this dairy ... i wave at thier cows and thank them for milk ... yasssss ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg.i bought a little if everything : ice cream , butter , coffee milk , whole milk , egg nog , and chocolate milk . to die for . i took orders for family members . so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've become obsessed ! it might 've been the glass bottles that drew me to give it a try but the flavors are addicting and i must try more ! my only gripe and reason why i 'm only giving it 4 stars is more store need to carry this brand more flavors . the nearest store is about 15 minutes away and only has the typical milk selections and chocolate milk . i had to drive out 25-30 minutes to try their mocha flavor . they do have printable flyers to give out ourselves to convince other stores to carry their product but i wish the stores that do carry their product had more of their available varieties .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i was teaching yoga at crossroads farmers market i got hooked on this local dairy milk . i have never been fond of milk in plastic bottles as it tastes just platicky . i would get a couple of bottles - refundable - to take home after my twilight yoga class . the mocha is so good it should make starbucks weep . put some of that over shaved iced , splash of cold coffee and - bam ! - an iced mocha that is not only good for you but comes from a glass bottle . also , the fact that it is local makes it all the better . knowing i am supporting a local family of dairy farmers while i get fresh milk that has n't been trucked from who knows where . with danziesen i know where it came from . it comes from local , humanely kept happy cows . sadly the crossroads farmers market closed and i was mocha denied . now they have introduced delivery just like when i was a kid . that is the ticket . i love this dairy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! my first visit was great exploring all my milk options . the staff was friendly and knowledgeable . he explained all the different products available . i bought a great variety of milk products . i have always loved the freshness of milk from a bottle . i 'll be back ! this is my new home for dairy products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "local , fresh , creamy , many rich flavors to choose from , all 2 % in glass bottles and no dairy smell ... .now that 's milk ... will be introducing mocha flavor soon . loved the root beer flavor ... stop by and pick some up ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the milk here is delicious . my wife and i visited them for the first time today . we tasted the whole milk , as well as the chocolate , strawberry , and coffee milks . they are all very yummy , wholesome , and have a purity about their flavors that make them stand out . i 'm looking forward to future visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the orange milk after seeing it at ajs and it was amazing ! i do n't usually like milk , but i am obsessed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely 100 % five stars . we made the trek to laveen to visit the dairy to try the milk . it was delicious-especially the cold brew coffee milk . the staff was friendly , informative , and very knowledgeable about the their product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is it just my family ? ? ? we tend to break the bottles before we can even drink it . love the milk but wish the bottles were sturdier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had much better service . the technician was very bossy and treated my like i 've never had a manicure before . also , he cut my cuticles to bleeding and i left with hangnails . maybe i got the wrong technician on the wrong day but i wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the services here ! ! they all do a great job ! everyone speak really good english . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice and clean place.average prices . great job . i enjoy that the guys where interactive and talking to my daughter and i .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "janay and shannon are fabulous make-up artists ! they spent an hour with my friend and i , and we laughed the entire time , as well as looked like models when we left . bobbi brown make-up allows one to have a very natural look and not over-done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a last-minute makeup appointment and they were nice enough to make time for me on such short notice . she did n't rush the appointment and my makeup looked amazing - i ended up buying most of the products she used because i loved the look so much ! i 'd definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only use bobbi brown cosmetics . my first experience at nordstrom was amazing , i came to get only one item and ended up leaving with full daily regiment . i was quite disappointed , yesterday . it took a while for sales rep came up to me , while she was chatting with a fella worker . when i asked for her advise , she did n't seem to be interested . just simply , game me what i asked for and rang me up . even when i asked about promos or event , she did n't say anything . here is customer service , once you treated customers with care , they will come back . i wo n't for sure , there are other places sell bobby brown .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was in a rush and fifteen minutes late for my appointment with jennifer . she quickly selected a manageable set of easy-to-use products for everyday wear . she trained me to use the brushes and gave me little tips for application so that i could still apply my makeup in the car as i do . but now it only takes me five minutes or less to apply bobbi 's make-up , so i can do it before i leave the house . i have used the set everyday since . my face instantly looks better without feeling overdone . you can count on exceptional service and quality products at this location , which is close to the aisle nearby women 's shoes on the first floor inside nordstrom at the fashion show mall . thanks jennifer and bobbi brown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel like batman when i order from here . just make sure your pockets are steep like bruce wayne 's as it is pricey for a food truck . fyi - the gotham burger is pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was thrilled to see a veggie burger on the menu ... until i tasted it . they really could n't have invested less energy or attention into this thing . the paddy was pretty mushy and way too salty and the bun was a pathetic little scrap of smashed white bread . felt like a begrudging plant-ish addition to a meat-centric menu , intentionally made to taste like low quality fast food burgers . thank goodness for the banana peppers , sauces , veggies and pickles in the condiment bar . ( neglected as that was . ) if that 's what $ 10 gets you in gotham , it 's also why i wo n't be visiting again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ate here this afternoon while we were at trinity bellwoods..we had two burgers with one poutine and a drink ... 26 $ ... a bit over priced . poutine was amazing . my burger was n't anything special . a bit dry honestly.. next time we 'll just get one poutine and share or go to a actual restaurant where it 's probably cheaper .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the gotham grill burger tasted like yummy real meat ... i would order it with their special poutine next time again the cashier was very helpful as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give it a zero i would ... fries got the poutine were undercooked and covered in salt ( the gravy is supposed to add the salt ) , the cheese was just pre shredded mozerella and the burger was just a plain pre cooked burger ... both those items cost us $ 24 . save your money , it 's not even worth $ 10 for both .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great burgers ! ! mediocre poutine , but burgers were amazing ! ! service was excellent under stressful situation ! ! keep it up guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty health conscious , so i really enjoyed the hormone free burger . the burger was cooked perfectly and not greasy at all . good job guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come to this location bc there 's a fedex store next door and i have to overnight packages for work . so its not only convenient but also pretty easy to get in and get out bc its usually not too busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee here is the same high standard as every other starbucks , but i really like this one because of the very cute barista that is always soo pleasant after my long days in the hospital .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what nice baristas they 're so friendly . i earned a free item with the starbucks app and i 'm usually just a regular drip drinker . she thought i was so humbled to use my free item on regular drip so she made me a venti blonde roast with a shot of espresso and a splash of mocha syrup brighten up my usually gray morning caffeinated beverage . i love how they have free wi-fi with plenty of outlets for people to plug-in the laptops . ample seating both indoor and outdoor . free parking right outside . starbucks is really stepping up their game in adding more food items to choose from . hi5 starbucks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great crew ... so friendly and the coffee was great . i was in town for 10 days emptying my aunt 's house for sale and they remembered my name after i came in several days in a row .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a day late and a dollar short . that 's kinda how i feel about this starbucks location . you know me , i love my starbucks . far too much , more than likely ... .if we are keeping it real . the staff here is always super friendly . smiles and human interaction make me happy . they also love to keep this store clean . and that also makes me super happy . i ordered my usual iced coffee made with almond milk . the barista is a magician ... .it was magical . creamy and strong ... ..just the way i like it ! each time i come parking is absolutely wretched . the parking lot of this plaza is always packed to the brim ! and the traffic flow ? the hoover dam has better flow than this parking lot . seriously , it is the main reason i frequent this location as little as possible . but that is n't starbucks fault ... .but it is worth a lost star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service has gotten incredibly slow over the past two years . coffee temperature is inconsistent ( sometimes lukewarm is being kind . ) and even though they have a google wifi sticker in the window , it 's not available . you 're still stuck with the throttled at & t crap wifi . i 'd recommend going up the hill to the garfield hts . location instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is calm and friendly , which is great compare to others where they seem to have absorbed too much caffeine by osmosis . the problem at this location is the lighting and the space . i could barely read the menu board , which is n't a big deal for those that get the same thing every time ... but i wanted to try something new . in regards to the space , very tight and very difficult not to knock everything off the merchandizing shelves .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "once again ... .it 's starbucks and i 'm a self proclaimed addict ... love it , got ta have it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this starbucks a few time over the summer . last time was the teavana tea special between 2pm to 5pm . and usually get a cool drink here , like a frappacino or a refresher . was alright , but not as light of an ice as i would like . customer service is good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "closest starbucks to the practice courts where the best basketball team on the planet practices : the cleveland cavaliers . go cavs : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i want a cheap 300 calorie lunch for $ 3.25 , i come here for the spinach , egg white and feta wrap . it is pretty good and will hold you down until you need to eat again . my company provides free starbucks so i never drink the coffee here . i told them they should list that as a benefit on the `` careers '' portion of their website . it definitely did play a small role in my selecting to join up with the company . sometimes i will get the chamomile tea if i want to relax .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go into this starbucks regularly . i 've gone to other starbucks before and always get my drink order messed up , but this location is always spot on . only once i had my order messed up and i got a $ 4.00 gift card for my next order . i wish it had a drive thru . overall , great service and always friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is on the money all.the.time . if we could avoid the morons in line , we 'd be 5 stars ( ok , i know 5 stars is n't based on the people who come here , but i 'm making that a stipulation here . the morning crew is great . they know their regulars and their drinks . they also know who to make a killer espresso macchiato without me telling them how . avoid during the rush hours of 7:30 and noon . yay for this location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's always exciting to sneak out of the office for 15 minutes to stop by this starbucks and grab a hot chocolate in the winter or an iced coffee in the summer . if i worked independently i 'd love to come here with my laptop and say things like `` indubitably '' while wearing trendy glasses that do n't actually help me to see better . additionally , the staff is always very attentive and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what 's to say about starbucks that has n't already been said , not much . this review will be for the service and atmosphere . this starbucks is always busy . any time of day you can find a line almost to the door and most of the tables filled with people working on laptops or meeting with friends . wifi is available and there are plenty of electric sockets to plug you electronics into . the baristas in this location are always friendly and consistently make my order currently ( venti whole milk 3 pump toffeenut latte extra shot , in case you were wondering ) . this past visit i used my birthday reward and the barista recommend that i add 2 extra shots to my venti so that i can have half the coffee today and the rest tomorrow and get the best bang for my free reward buck ! only negative i have is that the line can be very long and slow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff here is very friendly and energetic ( might have something to do with the coffee ) . sometimes there is eye candy too . i must be hard up for some opposite sex attention when i am going to starbucks for eye candy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible selection here for mens shoes . i had a choice of 3 styles of dress shoes . and what was shocking is that they were $ 55 . what happened to paying less for shoes here ? ? technically this place is wheelchair accessible , but only the main floor of women 's shoes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised to read the reviews about terrible service , for me , the employees were extremely helpful and cheerful as well during my visit to the store . i was trying to find the right size shoe but the 9 1 2 was too small and the 10 was too big . an employee ( i 'm sorry i did n't get his name ) went out of his way to help me , and solved the problem by finding a 9 1 2 w which for some reason fit perfectly . and he rang me up with a $ 10 off coupon i did n't even know about ! payless always provides decent shoes at a great price . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the selection on offer ( men 's , ca n't speak for the women 's range ) was pretty limited but if you look hard enough you can find something suitable . staff were polite and offered their help without being pushy which i liked . good humored too , knocked over something at the till and we laughed about it and he also helped me clean it up . a 3 out of 5 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no joke ! i had a dream if i went to payless i would find all the coloured flats i was looking for . in the dream i went to the other stores w no success . i went into this store at the end of the day and viola ! i literally found shoes for each top ( blouse ) i bought last week ! 5 pairs of shoes for $ 101 . the staff were nice & respected my space when i asked to be left alone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for me , this payless shoes is a-ok ! the selection for women 's shoes is great . lots of heels , flats , casual and boots . what i really appreciate , that goes for all payless stores , is the 1 2 sizes and the wide widths . i can actually get a shoes that fits my tiny but fat little brick feet ! ! they have lots of selection for the small size 5 and 6 , as well as the big sizes 10 and up . i ca n't tell you how many times i end up getting something bigger than i need because of the width . i just bought a perfect pair of work heels here that i know i 'll be able to wear all day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually do n't waste my time with chain restaurants , but i 've heard a lot of raves about dunkin ' donuts coffee- when this location sprung up near me , i hurried over to try it . and was distinctly underwhelmed . i was surprised by the variety of the menu , though- in addition to iced and hot coffee drinks , the menu includes the namesake donuts , and various breakfast sandwiches . they have an order of oatmeal available as their lone healthy option . this location does have a drive-thru , which is convenient . service was a bit spotty , which is to be expected as they are new . prices are on par with other coffee chains . avoid the latte lites , which are straight-up aspartame .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "drove by at 8 pm and was going to go in but saw that they already cleaned up the entire front of the store and took out all the donuts so i just did drive through . drive through was super fast and the guy helping was very nice . they close at 9 pm so there were n't many options left which was understandable . i 'm not sure if the store front closes early ( like some mcd or starbucks ) . i was debating between a macchiato or a latte and decided to go with the latte . i ordered a large iced vanilla latte ( $ 4 ) and it was very disappointing ! seems like i 'm drinking all milk with a hint of vanilla . i guess next time i 'll go with the macchiato or cappuccino . i also ordered half a dozen donuts ( about $ 6 ) everything came out super quickly ... probably because no one else was in line and the old fashioned glazed donuts were tasty even though they were n't fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered a peach ice tea & my cousin ordered the new chips ahoy iced latte . the peach ice tea tasted too sweet & when i went to the window to pay the cashier read back my order he said iced latte & asked oh is that a chips ahoy latte he said yes but when my cousin drank it , it tasted like regular coffee , they 're nice but their drinks suck . i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "coffee tastes great however they did n't have the almond joy which i get all the time . so i got a vanilla iced coffee with 2 shots of coconut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the 31 flavors ice cream inspired iced coffees . i 've had the butter pecan and rocky road . their inexpensive breakfast wrap and tasty hash browns make this trip complete . yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always loved their munchkins but this location needs to work on providing quick service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the worst customer service ! slow , dumb , and rude people work at this location . only come here if you want to wait in drive thru for 28 min , have some screw up your order , and then get snippy when you tell them they screwed up . wo n't be back ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved dunkin donuts but i always went to the one in henderson by the hospital . tried this one and i 'll never return . i was in line for almost 40 minutes and the girl at the window was n't even nice . starbucks at least has good service when they take forever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has the absolute worst service ever . i 've been here multiple times and every time they ca n't figure out how get an order correct . is it so hard to make a coffee with out cream and sugar ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was so excited to see this place open in my neighborhood and decided to order pick-up via yelp on friday . the process was seamless - the wait was 15 minutes ( just enough time to walk to pick it up ) , the food was hot and ready and the staff was friendly . we enjoyed a gyro pita and a philly cheesesteak pita - so very tasty ... the pita was just perfect and made both of the sandwiches . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for an early dinner before a basketball game and it was n't too busy during the week around 5:30pm . we ordered a gyro and a falafel pita with fries and 2 drinks . the gyro was decent ( sizes are good and plenty ) but the falafel was awful , dry , not fresh and hard . i still enjoyed my wrap because it had all the other fresh things i love : lettuce , beets , onions , cucumber , tzatziki , it was all good . service was ok , nothing fancy . i 'd go back because i 'm a vegetarian and would be fine with a veggie pita and my gf said her gyro was allright but i suggest stay away from their falafel , it was either really old or boxed stuff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , i walk in for lunch , there was a line but went quickly great for me since i only have 30 minutes for lunch , joe help me with my order and recommended me the chicken platter it was great portion and very tasty . will be back soon keep it up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty decent gyro and for a good price . great little downtown spot . very friendly employees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been eagerly waiting for this place to open up for few months so i was very excited when it finally did . inside it 's very industrial with metal tables and chairs and bare walls aside from a few tvs . good thing they have some music playing or it would feel sterile . i got the chicken kabobs with rice and a greek salad . kinda spendy at $ 12 but you get a lot of food . easily enough for 2 people . and it 's pretty good . everything was fresh . kabobs were cooked just right with neither the chicken or onions and peppers being over or under done . rice was a little dry . flavour was good . did n't even get to the salad as there was so much food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they served this wilted salad . disgusting . it makes you wonder how fresh the rest of the food is . i will not eat here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place . the food is fresh and hot when served . very flavorful . their pitas are perfect . try the chicken shawarma !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im a huge fan of beef gryro but i was very disappointed . the food barely had any flavor , i was not able to finish it because it was so bland . i ended up giving my food to a homeless person . i ordered a gyro platter to go with fries and they did n't even pack utensils or ketchup for my fries . ussually when i order to go at restaurants they always pack utensils and ketchup .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "solid greek food lunch option ! i had the gyro and greek salad combo and it was great ! i need to go back to try the hummus but my gyro was on point . also the prices are great . my combo was about $ 10 and included a drink . would definitely recommend this place especially if you work in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw it on my way to a nearby custom pizza joint for lunch and decided to give it a go . so good . got a regular gyro w no lettuce ( lettuce really should n't come on these . ) that was it . simple . flavorful . hit all the right points . def going to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great red pepper humus and pita and really good chicken shawarma ! not too cheap not too pricey fair , kids chicken strip are good but you only get 2 strips so i would n't recommend unless really young kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never been to a spa before so i decided to treat myself and go . i decided on this place because of the location . the services i received was a facial , 1 2 hour massage and a bikini wax ( first time-lol ) . the staff members i 've encountered were super nice and friendly . i have also gotten my hair done there and i was very pleased with my hair and how quickly i got out , something i am definitely not used to . i will be returning for more hair and spa services .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if in a bind , this is a spot to go to . in comparison to other nail shop in the mall that is simply frightening , this spot is very basic . it once was a nice salon in its hey day , but the equipment is old and the shop is a dingy . if desperate , go here , but you are better off getting manicures before you go to cleveland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am really disappointed that this place is so awful , given that it 's just downstairs from where i work . i needed a pre-vacation pedicure and it was between this or the cheap place in the mall . i went with les amis thinking i would get better service . wrong ! the girl who did my pedicure was all over the place . she abandoned me for a while to take care of her boyfriend who stopped in and she seemed to constantly forget what she was supposed to be doing during the pedicure itself . my main reason for never going back is that she never stopped talking ! which is n't horrible in itself , except for the fact that for an hour i had to listen to her bash the catholic church . to each their own , but common sense would tell you not to bring up religion to your clients - ever . i found the whole thing very unprofessional ; i could n't relax at all because of her yammering on and on and on . horrible . i 'll take my chances at the mall place next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eh . i 've had better manicures in chicago for much less , but i needed a place for a wedding and this was it . i got a french manicure and it did n't look so good once i looked at it under better light . it did n't last long either . i got my nails done 4 days ago and i 'm considering taking it off soon since the tips look chipped already . still the woman who did them was very nice and chatty ( in a good way ) . : ) edit : ok , screw giving more stars . a day after i wrote the original review , the polish started actually peeling off . whole sections of polish just started coming off the nails . i 'm no princess with my hands , but heck , i even wear gloves when cleaning and doing dishes when my nails are lookin ' pretty . this means that they 're either using a cheap base , or she did n't do a good job of preparing the nails for the polish .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sheena did an absolutely superb job on an up-do for me . it was a low chignon slightly to the side which was totally red carpet worthy- so far from prom hair i hardly knew what to do with myself ! did n't do any other services but my up-do was fab .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to pickup some cheesecake but decided to grab lunch in the area first . went to the mall and made it to the upper level where the food court is . the food court was half empty so that made making the decision easier . ordered food and sat down at a close by table to wait . the girl behind the counter walked out and delivered the food to the table . the presentation of the food was amazing for a food court meal , it was restaurant standard . the side salad was the good stuff , mixed healthy greens . the katsu was fried really well , crispy until the very last bite even with the sauce . the beef in the bento box was a little overdone and the portion was on the smaller side . there 's a lot of veggies in both meals . bonus , meal comes with miso soup and a cup of tea just like a regular restaurant . overall , place is out of the way but definitely first choice of food at the food court .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden inside the food court , this place has good korean food at an affordable price ! ! : ) it offers a variety of korean food . we ordered gamjatang ( pork bone soup ) and jajangmyeon ( black bean sauce noodles ) . portions were big and very filling ! the gamjatang was full of flavour and tasted better than those in restaurants . jajangmyeon was good too ! ! the food court was very empty so it was nice and quiet and noone rushed us to leave ! definitely give this place a visit if you are around the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this really is a hidden gem for korean food in thornhill . cheap and delicious , i have yet to have a korean dish here i did not enjoy . definitely the best place to eat in the food court . never had their sushi so no comments on that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is more like a pity 3 . the food was edible but the oil was not hot enough so my fried pork cutlet seemed a bit undercooked . the food was filling however , and the service was very nice . i would say to avoid the fried foods and i will most likely give them another chance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give this 3.5 stars . when i was first exposed to korean cuisine - maybe 15 years ago , i would always , always order soon tofu . because it has everything i like ; tofu , seafood , soupy , and a bit of spiciness . this place makes a very solid soon tofu . i like the fact that they put clam ( with the shells ) in it . the broth is flavourful with a punch . if you 're not too hungry , the special combo of ramen ( korean instant noodle ) and kimbap for $ 6.95 would be a good option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located at 3rd level food court above season 's market , but very good quality and deal ! for just $ 9 ( tax included ) it comes with large boiling hot pork bone soup , and rice plus 3 side dishes enough for two . very nice chef ! will come again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a wide variety of food , even though it says `` sushi '' they also do some korean dishes , which i have n't tried personally ( not a fan ) but my friends have and they liked it a lot ! their bento boxes are cheap and affordable , and they 're also yummy and fill you right up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have toured this music academy and my daughter just started lessons there last week . so far i have been very impressed with the way they chose to make all of the private and group lesson rooms . the inside of the academy is really well done . jessinia ( i 'm sorry if i am spelling that wrong ! ) is always up front at the desk there and answering phones and she has always been so helpful , knowledgeable , and willing to answer any and all questions i had . i also love that after every lesson they give you a sheet that explains what was accomplished that day and what can be practiced until next time . i am looking forward to continuing lessons there for my daughter and watching her grow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kat 's artist tree serves as a valuable cultural resource in the west valley community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to kat 's for 3 years now . every lesson i take improves my talent significantly . the quality of kats is beyond what you will find else where . the teachers are passionate , motivated , and very knowledgeable . kat herself is the most caring and charismatic person i have ever met ! she is overflowing with talent and knowledge about music and art . in addition she offers kindness and support to all her students . the music facilities are super clean and child friendly ! there are always happy kids coming in and out of lessons . plus there are so many different types of classes offered , i wish kats artist tree was around when i was a kid ! the best part is the different classes share their work . through performances and presentations that highlight what was learned and improved upon , from children to adults . voice lessons are always fun because you have the opportunity to sing in front of an audience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son has been taking piano , drums and hip hop from kats for a few years now and i am very please to say the growth i have seen is just amazing . my son no longer has stage fright and has grown so much in his technique as an artist . thank you kats for being a huge part in our lives , we love you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal place ! owners are amazing , and so talented . highly recommend , for anyone interested in anything arts related !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be yogi bears jellystone park . it changed its name last summer . gone are the bears and other cartoon characters . what remains is a beautiful lake with fishing , boating and swimming . bath houses and restrooms are clean . this is a great place for group camping also has several sites for company picnics seasonal sites are available sites are well kept . themed weekends are fun . the swimming pool is nice and works well with the on duty life guards . the snack bar serves a limited menu of burgers and ice cream . the gift shop and ranger station is woeful . hard to find those last minute supplies you may have forgotten . gone are the pancake breakfasts that used to be fun on weekends . the arts and crafts activities are lame as well . the miniature golf course needs help . overall , good , but could be great with a few upgrades .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a big , and nice campground . it has a beach , and a big `` lake '' to catch and release fish , a decent pool , however , the sites are pretty close together to the point we worried about the people 's fire next to us with ambers hitting the tonou cover on the truck . their quiet time is to start in an hour we shall see . their is about 6 tents set up across us ( all together ) very loud , setting off fireworks . just very noisy all around . i realize folks want to have a good time , but it should be done with being considerate to others . maybe it would n't be so bad if you were n't so close together..ppl in pop-up have been blaring music since they set up..wonder why the staff is n't enforcing policies ... .. ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just had a nice weekend here ... camped in a pop-up with wife & kids . last minute deal & the sites they assigned us ( 2 popups side by side ) were lacking shade but otherwise pretty good ... .ca n't complain for last minute as the local state parks were full . busy barn was great for the crafty girls , as was a. scheduled kickball game for my son , pool and beach were welcomed in the heat of the day , and we even had a decent go at fishing ... .. friday night was a bit loud with a few camp sites partying on , but have had worse neighbors ... saturday was better ... will be back , great close to home family get away ... ..late night noise , average sized sites , and restrooms getting trashed during the day saturday are keeping this from being a 5 star ... ... but we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this rv park sucks ! most of the people are either permanent or seasonal which is fine . they take really good care of their sites , but do n't let the looks deceive you ! it 's the prettiest sucky place we 've ever been ! the problem is they give the decent sites to people who live there and leave the rest for travelers . every available site is on a hillside ! just try and level a rig on a hill ! the sewer is at the top of that hill ! ever try to drain your tanks with the sewer up hill ? yeah , it does n't work ! ! ! it was n't just us . every short term traveler we spoke with had the same problem . if you 're looking for a place to live or vacation long term , this is your spot . it 's pretty and lots to do , that is if you do n't mind the smell when the people passing though try to empty their tanks and it spills all over the ground ! if you 're just passing through , keep going !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "options in the mantua area for an rv park are limited . fortunately , the roundup lake rv resort was there for us after a long day of travel . the reviews for rlrr on tripadvisor run the gamut , though the newer reviews are probably the most accurate and reflect new management . our first time at the roundup lake rv resort , we saw a clean , well-maintained park with a friendly staff . if my travels again take me through this part of ohio , i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i still love this campground & it offers so much to do with the whole family , but the last couple of times i have been here , the restrooms were not as clean as usual & the pool was dirty . we were there at the pool the first thing in the morning & it looked like the pool and area surrounding it was not even cleaned from the day before . there were lots of bugs floating in the water , clumps of hair & old band aids , not only in the pool , but on the cement area around the pool . we actually found it disgusting & left after an hour to go to the lake . if they pay more attention to this area , i would go back to my five star rating . we will probably go someplace with a cleaner pool next time . we have been very disappointed the past couple times with this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so much to do here ! live music on the weekends , we try to make it here every year ! check out their calendar for the weekends good times ! camp on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree massivly with stuart - theres no way that this place can survive if they make you order 45 million copies of something before you can even get started - especially oif you only need a couple of hundred doing . the shop itself isnt all that bad , and for a printers , its quick and the staff are friendly - right up until the moment they hit you with that bill . nightmare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a printers , it prints and photocopies things for you ... .not much else to it really ! ! the price is n't ott but is a bit eyebrow-raising . i agree with stuart , the staff could work on their friendliness , but still , they 're just there to maintain i suppose ! it 's a good service to have !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being someone with a passion for quality reprographics , i thought i 'd feel like a pig in shit in this haven of photocopying , inkjets and blank paper . perhaps i 'd slightly misjudged the shop 's purpose though , as when i asked to take a copy of my birth certificate for the passport office , they looked at me with a mixture of contempt , derision and befuddlement . that put me in my place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a bad wee printers , i 've used their glasgow branch quiet alot . my only gripe is the minimum qauntities you can order , it 's hard really hard when you only want 50 posters made to find somewhere . it 's even harder to get served with a request like that . but realistically , most people do n't need upwards for 25,000 copies of something . need to be a bit more welcoming to us commoners i think .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time i 'm in vegas i like to stop by the fremont street and head over to the fremont hotel casino to get my caramel apples . they serve chocolates , such as , toffee , nutty clusters , truffles , caramel , and no sugar added chocolate , etc . : :dessert : : i 'm addicted to their english toffee apple . the apple is coated in sweet thick caramel , sprinkled with toffee pieces , rolled in almonds , and drizzled in milk chocolate . the apple is juicy and sweet ! i also like to get the peanut caramel apple and chocolate covered strawberries . ( http : www.yelp.com user_local_photos ? userid=no5e0wtlaoycjhelu6oevg & select=8cjeywz8mte2dewgvnahra ) : :rating : : my 4 star rating is for the delicious english toffee apple ! ( http : www.yelp.com user_local_photos ? userid=no5e0wtlaoycjhelu6oevg & select=fh_vxjjwwq0zt_anlr0ena ) : :tip : : special offer : buy 3 caramel apples and you get one free . : :m 's notes : : ~located towards the back of the casino . ~individual boxes available and a box that can fit four caramel apples .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a snack and they give a lot of ice cream ! i got a cone of rocky road and they pile it on ! really good deal . their rocky road ice cream is pretty good too . service was good . the people here were friendly . there 's no seats inside but they have some seats near the other food places . overall , good place to stop by for a snack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we wanted something sweet before meeting up for an event on fremont st. and dunkin donuts did n't have the cake donuts that my bf loves so much , so we settled for a caramel apple with pecans . the caramel was coated too thick , possibly ruining the caramel to apple ratio . it 's vegas and i do n't expect this rmcf to be the best of the best , but it was a pretty disappointing sweet fix . service was fine though . they had some promotion going for buy 4 apples , get 1 free .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yelp 100 challenge 64 100 when my parents and i were cruising along fremont about a couple of weeks ago , i was bent on trying out the talked-about deep fried twinkies oreos at the mermaid 's casino and hotel . however , being a sucker for cute stores and chocolate , i wound up getting a sugar free milk chocolate truffle instead . it tasted just the way i would 've wanted it to - smooth , velvety with a hint of sweetness . prices are reasonable and staff is super nice . they even joked around with me for a bit . not sure if i 'm coming back anytime soon but one more thing i found so unforgettable about this place was the huge teddy bear sitting right beside the cashier area . felt like home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly staff and beautiful candy displays , kind of a hidden gem though got ta go looking to find the store in the back of the hotel , totally worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chocolates are mouthwatering , so many choices from chocolate covered cookies marshmallows fruits , lots of assorted chocolates to choose from . they are located in the freemont hotel casino , so as i 'm hanging out gambling , this place is right there , you ca n't ignore it . of course , had to get a box full to take back to my hotel room . i got the chocolate covered strawberries , and marshmallows , the chocolate is so rich , just a little is enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a chocolate covered apple and was delicious but the customer service was not good the two people behind the counter looked better interested in their own conversation than assisting me and my boyfriend", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the employees were super helpful and friendly at this location inside the fremont hotel on fremont street . we purchased 3 caramel apples and received the fourth for free ! the employee that helped us offered to slice our apple for us so we could snack on it while we walked around fremont .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we , were on a trip to vegas n stayed in the fremont hotel i visited this site often bcuz i had the munchies 4 some good white chocolate candies - i love the white chocolate sea-foam n the peanut butter white chocolate roll , i love the fudge bar nuts o ok i love it all i did n't get the candied apple bcuz i knew i could n't hold on to it while playing the slots but i will b sure 2 try it next time we r in vegas bcuz hawaii does n't have a rocky mountain chocolate factory ... . so , my overall experience here was awesome n the clerks there r very friendly n helpful i would b sure 2 let my friends know it 's worth the price n taste . i 4got 2 take pics bcuz i ate it too fast ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious find just inside the fremont hotel in downtown las vegas ! my girlfriend and i had chocolate covered pretzels and oreos . as well as a carmel dipped pretzel rod covered in reese 's pieces . if you 're downtown and have a sweet tooth definitely check it out . very affordable considering it 's las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "palm oil ! beware . this uncertified oil is super sneaky and the leading cause of deforestation and habitat and species loss in the borneo area ... it 's so sad that companies are still using uncertified palm oil , and rocky mountain is one of them . boycott them until they change their recipes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love ! ! a stop every time we come ! employees are always friendly . i love the carmel apples ! always pick up a pack of dog bones for my babies at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bbq ribs are incredible . sort of a bbq and honey garlic combination . definitely worth trying . the fried rice , however , is unspectacular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only place in town i will eat chinese . offers discount for take out . always get a free dish with order . dinner for one easily feeds two people . huge portions . lovely family run business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prior to discovering yong 's we always ordered from the chinese restaurant closest to our home . yong 's was amazing ! 20 min to pick up and free sweet and sour chicken with our order over $ 28 . $ 55 for `` dinner for 4 '' with enough leftovers for another four meals = wow ! food was delicious and not greasy . chicken inside the s & s was way more than usual ! we will definitely be ordering again ! ! menu www.yongsgeorgetown.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chinese food in georgetown- great prices for takeout and lunch specials : ) the lack of veggie options for lunch specials sucks , but the dinner menu has many options . foods great , quick and pleasant service . appetizers are great , good place to take the family . always has a nice atmosphere and is never too busy to the point of discomfort . has all you can eat buffet on saturdays that i 've never tried . if you 're looking for chinese food in georgetown , this is the place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best coffee you can find in cleveland -- the standard mocha is the best i 've ever had . the sandwiches have been a great addition , try the caprese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really filling , really delicious pressed sandwiches ( the caprese ... mmm ... was amazing in both taste & quality ) . grind of course has gourmet coffee made how you want it ( with lots of suggestions too ; good for someone like me who does n't know what a triple-thisiatto with halfcaf hold the other thingamajig is ) . convenient location ( 3 blocks from the i-90 exit ) . a warm , relaxing atmosphere . the owner is super-cool & easy to talk to . it 's a great place to pop into for a lunch break with a friend ( you can order ahead too ) or sink into over an afternoon evening of sipping & munching while reading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food - yum ! good coffees selection . nice , relaxed atmosphere and a friendly owner and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "download the free app `` skate universe '' to earn up to 1000 free tickets sent instantly to your email . its works , and its much faster to get then playing games lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after my terrible incident at the dixie rd location i will probably visit this location in the future even though it 's a longer drive for us.. this location appears to be more professionally managed and cleaner than the other location . the food is still as greasy as at any other chuck e. cheese 's but no normal person goes to chuck e. cheese 's for the food anyways ! ! it 's all about the games and fun ! ! there are plenty of decent food choices in the area ... ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "man this place is full of kids , but what do you expect . this place is really dirty i think they are not appropriately staffed . there are long lines at the cash register and toy favour counter can take a long time also . my kids love it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you get so many tokens for $ 10 ! you can literally spend an hour playing games with your kids for such an inexpensive price . i love how every parent and child are given matching `` invisible stamps '' on their wrists , so a kid cannott walk out of the establishment with just any adult , unless they have a matching stamp on their wrist ( can only be seen with blacklight ) . so clever ! there 's pizza and a salad bar , too ! and they host birthday parties as well . ive been coming here as a kid , and its still fun as an adult to go with your kids ! well worth the 10 bux !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was one chuck e cheese 's that i had to name my favourite it would be this one . the true pinnacle of child entertainment . i could drop my two kids off and leave forever and they probably would n't notice ! haha ! however there was one child named hayden that was harassing my son . the staff would n't do anything about him so i took matters into my own hands by lightly tossing him into the ball pit . unfortunately i was asked to leave . it would be five stars if chuck e cheese had a stronger , anti-nuisance security squad to teach some kids a lesson .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "barely have any games that actually give a decent amount of tickets . i had to ask for the coin guy atleast about 6 times because their machines were broken and my coins would get stuck . would not come back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "note to myself : never eat at chuck e cheese . i found hair in my salad and the supervisor informed me that mine was the first of such complaints that day ! he then proceeded to give me an empty plate to get some more ! yuck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quite enjoyable location for the kids . they have a good selection of games for various ages . the seating area is quite big and plenty of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a week night for my sons 2nd birthday . it was so quiet and we basically had the whole place to ourselves . the staff were friendly upon our arrival . i think i paid $ 10 for my son to play for an hour . there was a variety of rides and gamea for all ages . they had food avaiable to order such as pizza and drinks . they had a security system where they put an invisible stamp on the adult that brings the child in so that child must leave with that adult . they use a flash light so only the staff and you can see . i also like how chuckie came out to dance with us . he gave us tickets ans high fives ! we had a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible experience . was served a margarita that looked like someone already drank half of it ! i thought there might be a mistake so i showed the server , asking if that was how the drink was supposed to be served . she said yes , and that they are all measured out and the giant ice cube was a special size ice cube ( ... .. uhhh . okay . ) i took the ice cube out to show the cocktail itself was about 1.5 oz without it . she nodded and tried to explain with an analogy about martinis ... . ( i am a bartender myself so at this point i was frustrated . ) i said i would just have a cider . she left the drink . then the manager came and basically says the same thing . if this is how they make their drinks it 's a sad excuse of a bar . a margarita is a beverage , not a shooter . the fact that they argued with me made it worse .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brought my van there last tuesday , chris said he 'd look at it the next day . when i had n't heard from him by noon thursday , i called and he said he 'd `` definitely look at it friday '' , when i still had n't heard from him monday i drove by and saw my van sitting in the exact same spot . when i confronted him he said he 'd have it on a lift later that day . when i still had n't heard from him today ( 7 days later ) i sent a tow truck and he handed over my keys without calling me or verifying that i had sent the truck . obviously he does n't need my business and probably does n't need yours either . now that i 've wasted 7 days towards getting my vehicle repaired and been bumming rides taking cabs to work , i can honestly say i will never , ever even slightly consider this horrible company ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have n't needed chris at the service center , but tom from the restoration half of the business has always been extremely helpful , fair , and honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fixing my sister-in-laws bus up good ! thanks guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since moving to asheville chris has been there for me and my sweet lil subaru ... for quick fixes and major problems . veedub takes care of me without upsetting my budget or schedule.. and always thankful for some honest and helpful car + friend advice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike is an awesome mechanic . i am very picky about my vw . he replaced front struts and gave some advice for the future . bring him ur vw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was on a road trip and needed a few ( hopefully ! ) quick vw specific fixes , and chris stepped up immediately , taught me how to likely take care of it myself in the future , etc . very friendly , no fuss , affordable , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were on vacation in lake lure when our passat fuel line began to leak on way back from asheville . though we arrived late and the shop was busy , ian helped us get settled . the next day we were on our way with our fuel line fixed for a very reasonable sum . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "24 hour used tire shop ok for emergency only have one tire changing station so its packed . i just remember back in the day when this place used to be a burrito joint . lol so you may be able to get a used tire for about 30 dollars . nice that it 's located right off i10 freeway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a blowout on the freeway and put the donut on it , went to work , got off work around 6am and cruised by just to see if they could help me . asked if they had a tire my size and they hooked it up . had a few laughs with the fellows and paid 35 $ for a good used tire . so far so good . i use this car for work only so a couple used tires is n't a big deal but if you 're planning on going on a long trip with the fam you should probably invest in a new set .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is always busy . they only have one lift and they often are out of the size you may need . on the plus side , they are just off the i-10 and right next to a circlek so you can always grab a drink or something . the pricing is fair , though i 'd only ever use them for emergency repairs . they 've been very polite both times they had to turn me away for not having 215-75r15s", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service i 've been here for 10min and no one has said a word to me not even a i will be right with you horrible customer service i have to be to work and no one has seeked a word to me . lucky i have a flat and ca n't take my service anywhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i want to really like this local spot but their sandwiches and prices relegate it to being a sort tourist trap in the kitschy part of old town scottsdale . regardless , their soda options are something fun for the kids .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here 2x . both experiences were excellent . sitting outside provides the added bonus of a nice cedar smell . inside , gigantic brewing containers hold the homemade sodas . i tried the prickly pear soda . it was tasty , but not my thing . the the cider mill dip is excellent and comes with big portions . i recommend the cottage cheese for a side . i give it 4 stars for quality but i 'm holding back the 5th because i feel menu prices are a tad bit above market .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must preface this review by saying that we had a very different expectation of what this place would be compared to what it was . it was recommended to us by friends and was described as a `` cider bar . '' we imagined cider tasting , pub food , etc . it is much more friendly lunch spot than gastropub . that being said , the staff was extremely friendly and welcomed us like we were expected . they currently have one cider available but are working on more . the food was very , very good . we shared a pretzel and it was clearly fresh ( i always worry about being tricked and getting a frozen super jumbo pretzel ) . my caprese sandwich was delicious . they had a wonderful menu of homemade sodas , sundaes and floats which we did n't sample ( but would like to next time ) . super friendly folks and definitely a must-do if you 're in old town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i give this only three stars , but not because of the food . the food is good , but expensive for what it is . it 's sandwiches and salads . eleven dollars for roast beef w au jus and a bag of chips ? it 's not grass-fed roast beef so why so expensive . that 's my only problem . you can get these same meals at other restaurants for less money , and they 're not complicated meals to make well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "`` i 'm no food critic '' but this place is amazing . i has the salmon dinner tonight and it was fabulous . the gourmet pizzas are also amazing . but my most favorite item at the cider mill is the `` honey weiss '' beer . you got ta have one and then get the history on this particular hand crafted beverage ! outstanding service . vicky the chef is extremely experiences . definitely worth the money here . them go to the pantry next door . this is a bonus ! ! ! ! thanks guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i went for a salad on recommendations from yelp . a small deli sized restaurant where the cook virginia waited on us and cooked for us . it was a perfect rainy day afternoon to check out this new spot that will be a regular for us . food was homemade and the homemade cider was delicious . we stepped next-door to have a arizona wine flight that rounded off the afternoon . we thought we had tried everything in old town scottsdale but we found a new hot spot that we will be returning to very soon . thanks virginia for the excellent service and hospitality we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get . the . cider . just do it . i 'm a huge cider fan and this is the best i 've ever had . not syrupy sweet , and nice and cloudy so you know that it 's been brewed from actual fruit and not some secret sugar concoction . their master brewer also brews all of their sodas . grab a taster for the sodas and see which one you like best . my favorite is the vanilla . the staff is ridiculously friendly and willing to answer any questions you have and will have a nice chat with you if they 're not busy . the sandwiches are quite tasty as well . i 've had the mario 's monster mill-wich , and my boyfriend has had the tuna and the french dip . all have been really good , but if you do n't like a lot of feta on your sandwich i would suggest letting them know because they really pile it on ( mario 's ) ! i love it so it was no problem for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in scottsdale for work , and had some time off , so i was wandering around and came across the cider mill . i actually was n't that hungry , but i decided to get a pretzel and some sangria . so good ! i was here back in february and i 'm still dreaming of that pretzel . it was buttery , salty goodness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why i had i not been here before ! ? ? omg . this place is a hidden gem . we went for the homemade root beer which was fantastic and the owner , let me sample the prickly pear soda . awesome ! ! and a prickly pear margarita , i think ? whatever it was , it was amazing . i also sampled the cider that they brew in house . i 'm not a cider fan but this was outta this world . so yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i cant believe it took me along to give cidermill a review . i order lunch delivery from cider mill at least once a week . i have tried many things on the menu and never felt dissappointed . the quaility of the food is so fresh and well thought out . i highly recommend the nay 's milly philly or tom 's tuna with the bread toasted", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the cider mill ! where else are you going to pick up an organic bath scrub along with an insanely delicious reuben sandwich ? the chili with noodles and cheese is really good too . this place serves the height of comfort food , but with yummy little twists . plus , they have butterbeer . butterbeer , people ! some of us really need to pretend we 're in harry potter sometimes , do n't judge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hesitate to post this becuase i do n't want this to get too busy , but that would be hypocritical of me because i found out about it on yelp . i did the build your own sandwich deal and it was amazing . i will definitely be back . i did n't get a drink and upgraded to their cottage cheese with a total tab of $ 8.50 . very , very good stuff ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden in old town . awesome , family owned vibe . great soda , obviously ! ! ! ! food comes out really slowly . do n't expect to get in and out here . not open at night ... this is a lunch only venue", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in here by accident while wandering in search of lunch with a friend . the reuben sliders special was fantastic , as all ingredients were fresh and full of flavor . the sauerkraut and homemade 1000 island dressing really made the sandwich . next time will try a soda or cider .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we actually happened upon the cider mill by mistake . we were out and about in old town and looking for a dog-friendly place for dinner . what a treat ! ! not only did they allow us to bring our pup on the patio , they made us feel very welcome , despite us being there right before they closed . the food was very good , and the homemade cider was delicious ! ! my partner loved her chicken casserole , and homemade root beer float ! i enjoyed the caprese salad - which was perfect . i 'm pretty sure the thousand island dressing on my partner 's salad was homemade as well - it was awesome ! ! the ice cream sundae was very good too ! : ) what a wonderful atmosphere , and very friendly service ! we will definitely be back again ! : ) thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service and high priced food . turkey sandwich for $ 10 with a bag of chips . then couldnt even put cheese on it ? i could have made a better one at home . then we tried to tell the manager . and she couldnt care ! said she wanted us to know that they were short staffed and not to expect good service ? told us she didnt make the sandwich . dont bother eating here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great little sandwich shop ! the food was fresh and delicious . the waitstaff and chef were friendly and attentive . drinks ( alcoholic and non ) were yummy ! we went for thursday night dinner and sat outside - great setting . if you want a fast , great tasting , low-key lunch or dinner ( open late on thursday only , i think ) go to the cider mill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "co-workers and i were working late and decided to get dinner from this place because the food looked good and they deliver ! however when we placed our order we were told that they were closing at 6 ( this was a friday night and there hours say open till 8 ) and that they would n't deliver because of the weather haha we live in az its was misting outside ! ok whatever will pick it up ! this is the only reason i took a few stars off the food was pretty good ! i would eat here again and recommend you give it a try", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing little place in old town scottsdale . it is located in an area called `` frontier town '' which is designed to look like the old west . i had the ruben to eat and one of their homemade sodas to drink . i was very impressed with both ! cider mill brews their own cider and soda which is pretty cool . you can sit near their brewing tanks . ca n't wait to go back and try more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "creative food options . the flatbread pizza was loaded with toppings and can easily feed two people . they make their own sodas in two big tanks - lots of flavors . highly recommend the vanilla cream . friendly , down-home service . saw many folks coming in to pick up `` take out '' as well . seems they do a great deal of this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a caesar salad . $ 9 for a bowl of lettuce , some shredded cheese and croutons with a dressing that was very run of the mill . not impressed at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service ... everything is homemade ... the prickly pear cream soda was our favorite . i had the mandrew sandwich buffalo style , it was excellent . wife had the turkey pickle brie and loved it . well definitely be back and the happy hour seems like a great deal so well come back for that . overall cool experience , they make their own soda if you have n't seen ... which can be taken home in growlers ... and they do a ton of really unique floats if you 're only looking for a snack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a egg salad sandwich from here and i would not recommend it . it only had egg and mayo and the egg was so smashed . sorry but i have had a really good egg sandwich and this one was pretty bad . : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found this little spot while walking around old town scottsdale and i 'm so glad we did ! what a friendly staff and there 's something on the menu for everyone . attached to the eatery is a little wine bar where you can purchase tastings of arizona wines . you can also sit outside on the patio on a nice day and enjoy a glass of wine , a pitcher of sangria , or one of their specialty sodas . unfortunately we had already eaten , but their food menu looked great as well . i 'll definitely be returning for lunch one day soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably have the best sandwiches here . great food ! ! the price u pay is higher than portion you get . they either have to increase the portion or lower the price . at both times i was there , the owner or the manager was complaining to someone about parking problem n some cable issues . it 's a smalll place and customers can hear everything . their home made soda is the best ! 3 important things customers are looking for ; great food , great price and great atmosphere . this place has very good potential .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hidden gem in old town scottsdale ! we had an amazon deal to use and decided to stop in for lunch with our furry friend this weekend . the staff was so nice and welcoming to us and our dog on the patio . we tried a pretzel with mustard , chili with noodles and cheese , the tomato and mozzarella sandwich with pasta salad and a homemade prickly pear cream soda . everything was fresh and delicious and a perfect lunch ! highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! a wonderful gem in the heart of old town scottsdale . it is hidden from the street but that only adds to the allure - it makes you feel like it is a secret and you are lucky to have found it ! once you are there be sure to try the homemade apple cider . it is out of this world delicious ! balance that with a dish of brit 's mac and cheese and you are set , it is made with those cute little shells and topped with fresh cheese . so good ! what 's not to love ? ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went for lunch and had the best chicken salad sandwich ever ! ! ! the staff was super nice and the root beer was also very yummy . my only complaint is that they close at 4 and are not open on sunday . well worth the stop and the price was just right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice sandwich shop tucked a group of shops just off of main . my wife and i both ordered sandwiches . ( traditional ruben for me & a french dip on flat bread for my wife ) . the sides are made there - fresh . i had the pasta salad and my wife the egg salad . we where both happy with our order , easily hands down a very good sandwich shop ! the shop is family owned and the service was friendly . they also have a side shop selling pasta , sauces , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place ! we will be regulars for sure . the caprese salad is great - they grow their own basil too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this may well be the best roast beef sandwich i 've ever had . the meat was really good and was prepared very well , and the bread was incredible . i had some of their own brew root beer and really liked it . very rich flavor and full-bodied . the place is pretty small , and not much room to sit and eat . the staff felt like they were all family and it was very cordial - i felt like they were glad i was there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved this place ! they were so friendly . the mac n cheese was delicious ! the kids sat at `` the root beer bar '' and drank shots of their different flavors of homemade root beer . we will definitely visit this place when we come back to town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hosted a private event yesterday and everything was beyond my expectations ! they decorated , crafted specialty soda drinks and let us jam to our own tunes . the patio was absolutely perfect for our event and the girls loved every minute of it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buttered baguette , brie cheese and pickles . these three ingredients happen to rank among my favorite things . never would i have thought to put them together . add turkey and you have yourself one heck of a delicious sandwich . my first visit to the cider mill and i am positively hooked . while i highly doubt i will be exploring other sandwiches of their menu due to my new addiction to `` brit 's brie & pickle '' , i am looking forward to returning and trying their homemade sodas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i really like about this place is the menu . its not basic and always tastes fantastic . they also deliver . what i dont like about this place is no matter when i go there is alot of chatter among the staff weather it be personal or about business . not that it bothers me , its just not really professional . it takes away from the ambiance . and although im a local , if i was tourist i would not feel like i was vacationing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to a different sev now because this one has really gotten bad . the soda fountain area was so sticky and the layers of dust everywhere was just disgusting . i used to prefer coming to this location but there has been a change in employees and when i go to have them scan my rewards app it 's like i 'm bothering them . i also did n't get my punches towards a free drink on the last 3 visits and it was during a time when the promotion was for double punches with each drink purchase . i would often get the doritos loaded snacks and they have been black burnt on the the corners . with the amount of convenient stores on centennial between commerce and north 5th you wold think these people would fight to stay open in a still quiet and not so busy neighborhood . nothing convenient here lately but i do hope they get it together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had a few issues here . today i went to pick up a few waters . i was informed they could not take my $ 20 bill , due to no change . it is amazing how unorganized this location works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when this store opened it was a godsend because we used to have to go so far from home to get gas . well , i 'm losing my desire to patronize here because the clerks are always busy so it 's hard to just get in and out . one time i tried to pop in to get coffee from the coffee machine and the guy was taking forever to change the coffee mix . you 'd think that 's the first thing he 'd check before the morning rush . i just left and we n't to a different convenience store closer to work . my current pet peeve is the time it takes for the clerks to service people who choose to buy `` food '' from the heat lamps . i do n't know what the heck is in those things but little fat kids be lined up like wha ... . the owner should just hire a third or fourth person because its in a convenient location and since fresh and easy closed , they could stock grocery store items and clean up . i hope they get it together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what this place might sometimes lack in organization , it defiantly makes up for in customer service . very friendly experience every time i 'm in the store . they are always willing to make you fresh food off the roller , or fresh chicken sandwiches . not many places are willing to so that anymore ! this will continue to be my favorite gas station near home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience was awful i went in the morning to get there breakfast item 's and they they were rude about tvthis to i was ordering and they said they did n't have enough hash brown to supply all those items and then they said they did n't have eggs are you kidding me . so i went to dinner for it and the customer service was awful and the food was bad too i would not recommend this taco bell yo anyone . i wish corporate could fix these issues and make this taco bunell better . also i was sitting in drive thru for 30 min that is crazy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slowest taco bell on planet earth ! sat in drive-thru line for 40mins ! and they have one of those stupid barriers so you ca n't even get out of the line . literally trapped and stuck waiting . every time , never fails . go to another taco bell .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experiences in the past week ever . i waited in the drive thru over 20 minutes for a boss nacho and then today walked in and kept being told 1 more minute . after over 5 minutes of waiting and having workers laugh about it i left . also it should be noted one cat went through the drive thru .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm shocking myself by giving this place a good review . i do like taco bell , even sometimes when sober . i guess i appreciate the fact that i 've never found anything disgusting in my food , and they always have those green salsa packets in stock . service is usually quick or i 'm too wasted to remember how long it took . the taco artists are nice too . props for not ever giving me the 'rheas for longer than 24 hours , thanks guys ! edit ... .. uhhh , what the hell guys ? ! ? i order 2 food items , both with no meat . i get home , hungry , at 2am , and gleefully open my food items . one of them is as ordered , but the other is slathered in greasy god damn steaming mystery meat . thanks for nothing , jerks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! takes forever we have been sitting here for 20minutes and still waiting ! this is the slowest fast food ever ! we only ordered 3tacos and a dr.pepper ! officially 30mins later food was acquired at 9:29pm . # smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the new doritos ranch taco is pretty delicious ! taco bell in steelyard has never done me wrong . it 's tacobelllicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first trip through was so fast , with a line of four cars in front of me . as soon as i pulled away i realized i had forgotten to add my friends order so i got right back in line , which was double in size . i could n't believe that i was through that line within the time i could eat my bean burrito ! the girl working the window , monica i believe , was very pleasant and served me with a smile . i wish there were more taco bells in chicago , especially ones with service like i received here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dont waste ur time here , they will get ur order wrong and as much time as it takes for you to get ur food ( its a what the fuck moment ) its ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can see the place from work and that 's about all the good things i can say about it . silly me i thought every place with lights on would at least serve some kind of coffee . `` we do n't have that . '' so i pulled out of the drive through line and went on to work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "taco bell will probably always rate a 3 star in my book . it 's a-ok . this location gets a star lower because i almost had to get a refill on my large pop by the time i left the drive through . i waited 10 minutes ... in the drive through ... for tacos . life just moves slower in steelyard , i guess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a new location , with your typical taco bell menu . the biggest challenge is getting in and out - steelyard drive is divided by the entrance , so you may have to take a long way in and out . overall , a good place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean . safe . the food is always well-prepared . although everytime we go they have a new cashier . and there ai n't no better way to confuse a new taco bell cashier than to have a vegetarian and vegan walk through the door and order stuff on the menu they did n't even know was on the menu . apparently the cheese quesadilla button is really hard to find .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a terrible experience with the alarm crew since a recent change in management . they serviced our phoenix home since 1999 but recently were unable to deliver bills to our correct address ( after us contacting them to request correction and get copies of what they considered our outstanding invoices ) , could not determine which of our invoices had been paid or not ... .after insisting we had outstanding invoices we had to supply them with cancelled checks endorsed by them . they stopped monitoring our home without notifying us and turned our account over to a collection agency for a combination of paid invoices as noted above and recent invoices we never received . my husband and i have been married over 40 years , have a stellar credit rating and have never had to deal with a collection agency before . we are now with another security provider .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ron is a good guy and knows his av ... ..had him at the house to get us rehooked after a move ... ..and add surround to another room ... .good deal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure how they stack up compared to other monitoring companies , but for us , the service is good , and the price is affordable . they are very patient with us when we accidentally trip the alarm , and always call us like they are suppressed to . if you live in central phoenix , you want to have an alarm on your place , so give them a call .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "speak to ron ! he knows his stuff and wo n't try to up sell you on what you do n't need . he will give you what you need within your budget . i love the service as it is fast and he is always available with questions when needed . never had any issues with the system . great friendly guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dad loves thirsty goat . it 's his new favorite spot , so when we visited for the holidays he had to show us . their brisket sandwich is really really flavorful and juicy . my aunt had to cut her sandwich with a knife and eat with a fork , but she loved it ! my mom enjoyed her caesar salad , and the fries are hand cut and cooked to order . they have multiple different bbq and hot sauces at each table to choose from . our waiter was excellent , probably the most polite service i 've ever had . the interior is classy and completely different from the old casa de lara restaurant that used to live here . a solid spot for brisket , and good fries , with a classier than average atmosphere for a casual meal . dad found a good one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was surprised to see so many bad reviews on here . we went for a birthday party and it was fun , tons of beer options , food was excellent , and service was great . i had the brisket sandwich . it was large and tons of brisket . brisket was so tender and flavorful , really enjoyed it . it came with chips that were excellent ! in fact i tried a fry of someone else 's and i preferred the chip option . there are other sides you can substitute also for an up charge . all nine of us enjoyed what we ordered , our server was great - he passed the water refill challenge . my only tiny complaint is it is really loud , but we were there for a party , so did n't really matter . probably not the place for a quiet romantic dinner . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would drink here vs eat here next time . great beer list and it 's a great set up . love the decor . i got a cup of the brisket chili ( $ 5.99 ) , pulled pork sandwich with house made chips ( $ 7.99 ) and a warped speed scotch ale ( $ 5.00 ) the chili was awful . just beans and brisket . a very small cup ( which is fine bc i did n't like it ) but for $ 6.00 was kind of a rip off . i must say the pulled pork was delicious . soft bun and lots of meat . the house made chips tasted stale with no seasoning . again , i 'd definitely come back to drink , but prob eat at home first .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brisket was good not great . service was slow . do n't try to go over lunch unless you have a lot of time . we thought our server forgot about us twice , but none of the other tables were getting service either . cornbread was fantastic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered the beef brisket and half of it came back as a pile of fat ... would have gotten a better mark if it was n't for that . spicy corn and baked beans were good . disappointing ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was very good but seems like they have an identity crisis . pricing on the appetizers over priced compared to the regular menu . not a place to come for happy hour with the co-workers . i would call it a high end bar b que joint . my biggest complaint was the sauces on the table are poorly labeled . had to taste them just to find out what they were . service was subpar . train your staff to ask if it is your first time and explain the menu and sauce options . $ 4.00 for a 16oz . tap pbr ? ? ? little out of line as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "be sure when you go to thirsty goat that you are hungry . the portions here are enormous , we were so thankful that our great waitress mentioned that about the nachos or else we would have ordered too much . we still came home with 2 to-go boxes . service was a 5 ! like the other reviews mentioned , the nachos were delicious with their homemade chips . a huge portion though . we also tried the sampler platter , brisket is a definite 5 ! ! so good ! the cornbread also awesome . the ribs definitely missed the mark , and we did n't even want the sausage , would have preferred chicken . a big miss is the mac n ' cheese , a bbq place must have good mac ... thirsty goat needs to work on that , just very bland and boring . we mentioned that to our waitress and she gave me more cornbread instead so thank you ! will be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was okay . the half chicken was tasty and the meat fell off the bone . the side portions were smaller than what i was expecting and they were n't that tasty to me ( baked beans that tasted right out of the can ) and mixed veggies ( which was steamed cauliflower and broccoli that was still cold in the middle- it made me think that it was a frozen bag of veggies that were steamed before serving , but not quite 100 % done ) . there were roughly 35 or so beers on tap and a good selection for everyone in our group . a friend of mine had the sliders and he said that they were pretty good . service was good and there were a lot of tvs for the big game of the day . there 's a bigger bar area and a smaller one too ( depending on your mood , i guess ) . or , you can be in one of the bars and your sig other in the other one !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent food . friendly staff . this was my 2nd time here . we got the nachos with pulled pork . it was fantastic ! they load it up with cheese and beans . the chips are homemade , light and crispy . they are what makes the dish . the whole order is huge ! so you may want to consider the half order , which is still big . for the entree , i tried the brisket with mashed potatoes . the brisket was ok . i did n't get much smoke flavor and the meat was n't as tender as i feel it should have been . but they have some really good bbq sauce , so that helped . the staff was very nice and friendly . they have a great outdoor seating section as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have been to this place a few times already and love it . oddly enough we have had the same waiter , skylar , every time and he has always been fun , attentive and quick . we have yet to try something on the menu that is n't good . the brisket chili is perfect for a fall day , the ribs are amazing . the burgers are delicious as well . the atmosphere is inviting and really a place you would want to hang out on game day . tons of tvs , warm decor , but not too loud . also , their beer selection is no joke . ca n't wait until they start brewing their own !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has , without question , the best food in fitchburg . i 'd go so far as to say that their burgers are among the very best in the greater madison area . i 've eaten here several times , and every meal has been spot on . i wish that i could give the thirsty goat 5 stars , because if i was only grading them on food , servers , and bar staff , i would . but their hostesses are terrible . i 've been here more than once , and the hostesses have consistently been uninterested , preoccupied , and downright condescending . i 'll gladly delete this review and replace it with a 5-star if my experience changes . go to this restaurant ! their food is incredible !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so excited to watch this new restaurant come to my neighborhood . after two visits i 'm less than impressed . the food was edible but not memorable . some staff were cheerful and helpful and a few were shockingly rude . i hope they work out the bumps , secure a few high quality suppliers and turn up the charm .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came for the food but stayed for the ... bill . it was a disappointing experience overall . first , you could tell that the waiters , as nice as they were , understood the food was mediocre . though i was surprised to see there were no goat-based products , i ordered the brisket , my wife the ribs , and my sister the pulled pork . the brisket and pork was extremely greasy , read : a pool of grease on the plate , though the ribs were ok . the macaroni and cheese tasted like powdered cheese , which is an abomination in these parts . the baked beans had so much seasoning that they were almost inedible . sometimes a long wait is worth it on a saturday around lunch , but not here . if you 're looking for good food at a fair price , then look elsewhere . if you 're looking for barbecue , i recommend trying smoky jon 's in madison .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great view and atmosphere . they have outdoor seating available that looks very inviting for those summer days we 'll be seeing soon . very friendly staff and commendable service . their menu has a wide range of options , including smokehouse meats , burgers , sandwiches , and salads . i had the bacon and egg burger- all i can say is yum ! probably one of the most well seasoned burgers i 've ever eaten . my husband had the brisket which was also delicious and they have several of their own sauces which are very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the brisket and the ribs are tops ! plenty of seating , and back room that could probably be used for events . they could really improve on spicing up that mac and cheese though . i was sad about that . we enjoyed drinks on the patio around the firepit after our meal . staff were attentive and friendly ! i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here on a friday night planning for it to be busy , new restaurants are a big deal in the suburbs ! busy was an understatement . waited 40 minutes to be seated , about 10 min for beers , and around 30 for our food . that being said , they do still have a `` now hiring '' sign up so we ca n't judge too much . the beer selection was decent and included many local brews which was nice . we got the nacho appetizer nd loved it ! we then split a sampler of brisket , ribs , and chicken . the ribs were absolutely phenominal . never in my life have i not wanted to coat meat in sauce , they were that good ! brisket was juicy and fell apart in your mouth . chicken was just ok the 4 different sauces were fun and tasty , and fries and cornbread were excellent ! we will be back on a less busy night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad service . bad food . bad prices . we went with a group of six . service was slow . nacho appetizer was good put did n't have very many chips . sampler platter was an expensive pile of fat . brisket was inedible due to all the fat you had to cut off , ribs were small and not very exciting . pulled pork was greasy and fatty too . sides came in small plastic cups and were lukewarm at best . pub chips were cold and stale . corn bread was cold and dry . beers took forever to get - not worth $ 5 each . such simple things they had to get right but could n't . disappointing to spend $ 60 for two of us and walk away hungry and disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has delicious food and 32 beers on tap ! end of story . i love the outdoor patio and the atmosphere . this is officially my new spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was near our hotel and looked like it had a great patio , so we decided to stop in for a small lunch . patio was nice indeed ! we came around 1pm on a saturday to a pretty empty restaurant . service was decent - waitress was very friendly , but there were times when we were waiting for her to come back . food was pretty good . we got chicken wings in the sweet and tangy sauce and an order of the cheese curds . the chicken wings were big and probably the most meaty chicken wings i have ever had . the sauce itself was pretty meh , but the meatiness of the wings made up for it . cheese curds were pretty unique in that they were crunchy on the outside and very soft inside - not sure what cheese they used , but it was definitely not the usual white cheese curd . they were yellow ( like cheddar ? ) on the inside . very tasty ! but also pretty greasy , so proceed with caution .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i recently moved to the fitchburg area and had to try this place . our first try was the same as all our other times stopping here , exceptional . every server and bartender we have had are super friendly , chatty , and helpful . food is delicious . their bbq is quality with homemade bbq sauces . my favorite is the brisket . i put it on a caesar salad . my only complaint is they got rid of the burnt ends ! ! ! those were the perfect appetizer ! being a beer advocate , their selection is good with a nice rotation . they are n't afraid to give out samples which helps in choosing . atmosphere is lovely and lots of tvs to watch your favorite sports game ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ribs and pulled pork . i love having the bbq sauce options as well . definitely coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visitors . friday night fish fry . lake perch was really good . unusually light batter on the fish which was appreciated . portion ok - bordering on skimpy . chef needs to try a new cole slaw concept . bland , overly creamy - tossed . fries were total mush . great service and good vibes in the restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was great and the food was ok . the meat had no flavor and was a bit on the dry side which seemed to follow a theme with the rest of the food . among the blandest of them all was the mac and `` cheese . '' i love mac and cheese and this was an abomination . at glance it looked like white cheddar and at first taste was more noodle than any other flavor . we ended up dousing most of the food with barbecue sauce to give it some zing . on a high note , the corn bread was delicious and could stand alone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great meal ! first time to visit and we will be back ! my husband and i shared a half order of the nachos with pulled pork and they were fantastic ! i had the sampler of ribs , brisket , and chicken . my husband had the smoked meatloaf . the food came out hot and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for lunch , had the pulled pork sandwich and it was very good . the homemade chips could have been fresher .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service and great food . brisket tacos , chicken fingers , and spinach artichoke dip were all great . music was proper level to enjoy and still talk . great experience . awesome beer too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "considering the place was really busy , i would say they did a great job seating and servicing us . the interior is much better and they even have 2 bars to accommodate people . we had been to casa de sol only once due to the service , but would definitely come back to 'thirsty goat ' again ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the first strike against the place was seating a young couple in an area filled with young children- some of them running around the dining area . i guess we should have asked to be seated near the bar . my boyfriend ordered one of the brisket which he thought was fine . i ordered the smoked sausage - which was one of the most unappetizing sausages i have ever seen . in addition , the mac and cheese was so bland and dry i was n't convinced that cheese was even an ingredient . then at the end they brought us the wrong check . we are n't planning to return . as another group was leaving , though , i overhead one of them saying that she loved the sandwich that she ordered - so maybe others will have a better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great lunch menu . even better beer selection . definitely a great choice for dinning out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we thought it would be fun to try their food on opening day , we went in with relatively low expectations but a positive attitude mainly because open day always has kinks . it guess it was wise of us to have low expectations because we waited a long time for our server to show up and she never came back to check on us once our food was delivered . the nitro mud puppy porter was flat and sadly our brisket nachos were disappointing . the nachos must have sat under a heat lamp for 20 minutes longer than they should have . some of the brisket was like beef jerky and the cheese and chips were so baked on to the plate that it was n't appetizing and the chips were either chewy or burnt from sitting so long under the heat lamp . also , the serving size was quite small for the price of the nachos . since it was opening day and we expected that it may not be the best experience , we will give this restaurant another chance ( just not the nachos ) but probably not for awhile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is great and getting better with time . finally someone figured out how to open a neighborhood bar in this part of fitchburg that is n't the great dane ! nothing against the gd but options are nice ! ! ! great base for a smokehouse bbq menu and its gotten better each time they 've revised it . lacking something other to do in terms of bar games activities , but i 'm sure they 'll get there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prime brisket was very good and my wife had brosted chicken she said was very good . nice place good food and drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you have to try this place ! ! ! great food , great service and great new look ! you will not leave hungry with the sampler meal ! i will be back for more soon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great addition to fitchburg ! we came late at night , and they were incredibly accommodating and willing to serve us food even though it was already after 9 pm . the staff was incredibly attentive , friendly , and knowledgeable on the menu . i had a pulled pork sandwich , which was to-die-for . they offered many great barbecue options , and serve four different homemade barbecue sauces on the side . my only complaint is that everything looked so good , it made ordering difficult ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible food , was really hoping for something good , new and fresh in the neighborhood . chicken sandwich taste like sysco foods product . french fries soggy . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here last night with my sisters for some drinks and it was literally 5 people including the 3 of us.. so i was assuming the service would be faster since no one was here . nope . two bartenders and they were so busy trying to close for the night 2 hours early that we could hardly catch them for drinks . she made my sister a drink and substituted one of the alcohols with something else because they did n't have what they needed to make it.. probably should have mentioned that before hand and we would have choose something else . she also complained about being there all day and it was her longest shift ever ect ect..not to us but the other bartender.. but if we can here you , you mise well be speaking to us . so clearly our bartender just wanted to go home and could careless about serving us . frustrating . i would love to come back and try the food , but i 'll stay away from the bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if food is all you seek then this place is great . now , if you are looking for food and service i would say you 've gone to the wrong place . again i love the food unfortunately i 've left unhappy three different times now . the last time i was trying to get another beer but a manager was n't paying attention and i waited nearly 10 minutes for a beer . after finally paying i left to find my bartender outside sitting on the side of the building having a cigarette . no problem , but at least have someone looking after the patrons . needless to say i will try not to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is amazing and the place is nice ! the corn bread is amazing ! if you go on sundays the menu is `` limited '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the og fry 's food stores . while other locations used to be a smitty 's or smith 's , this one has been around seemingly forever ( well , since i was a kid at least ) . the employees and managers here are very friendly , greeting people usually when they are shopping around . the overall layout is good and i do n't have any problems navigating around and finding what i need .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like the deli this may not be my favorite fry 's food store to shop at however , i 'm a creature of habit and this fry 's is the closest to my house . so when i 'm short on time this is the fry 's i usually find myself at . i usually can find everything that i need with no problems . the sales associates are very polite , friendly , and helpful . the prices at fry 's are competitive in comparison with other grocery stores in the area . i like the deli section at the fry 's supermarket they serve boars head sandwich meats which happens to be one of my favorites . the deli service can be slow at times but is worth the wait . if you ever need a six foot sub fry 's has a really nice selection to choose from and they all are delicious and reasonably priced", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i will drive out of my way to go to this location anytime . there are 3 other locations at equal distance or closer and i would much rather go to this one . the staff is always very friendly and helpful . the store is very clean and keeps a nice appearance . there are a lot of families shopping at this location . great selection , great prices ( i think frys prices are the most competitive among the larger chains in town ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like this grocery store . very close to my house , so that makes it nice . they were even open on new year 's day which is sad for those that work there . because , no one wants to work on the holiday . although i needed some grapes and they were open . i know am i part of the problem by shopping there on the holiday . so sorry for that . now back to the store ... ... everything you ever want is here . there is even a little tully 's coffee shop ! food , flowers , nick knacs , dishes , everything ! lots of parking . self check out and cashier assisted . which ever you perfer . great store lots of choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store . i started shopping here in may 2011 when we bought a home close by . it 's always clean . the employees are friendly . i 've never purchased anything that was spoiled or stale . the meat department is clean and well stocked . deli has a great variety and prices . bakery is great . pharmacy staff are great and have gone beyond what is necessary on a a couple of occasions . and now the deli has fresh sushi made daily . all this and i can walk to the store . really happy to live so close to this great store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is your pretty standard grocery store with a pharmacy . they 've got a chase bank and a tully 's coffee inside . i do n't know why anyone would want to bank with chase or drink tully 's coffee , but they 're there . i suggest you avoid the prepared foods section . as i walked past the hot case , i noticed that the chicken fingers were gray and i think something in there moved . other than that , they have most everything a grocery store should have . the place is in pretty good condition as it was recently remodeled . they should have done the lighting during the remodel , as it 's pretty dismal in there . there 's still enough light to be able to find your cheetos , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go out of my way to shop at this fry 's . i have always been a fan of fry 's grocery stores . there are two locations that are much closer to my home , but i prefer to shop here . this store was recently renovated and has a more upscale atmosphere compared to the other stores in the area . it is always clean and the staff is very friendly . this store does n't ever really fell packed , and i like that . happy shopping !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great store ! they just finished a light renovation and reset some of the aisles . now the aisles have signs projecting out from the top of the shelves and you can see from the front or back exactly where your items are and go right to them . searches are easy in this store . market place a mile north does not have that feature . some sections are a bit cramped though . the produce section now has a potato bar ( not sure thats a proper name ) but an entire case dedicated to several varieties of potatoes . looking for finger potatoes , or purple ones or yukon gold , they 've got them . of course they have russets too . self check out is a breeze here there are 9 machines . i prefer this store but the market place store is just a little easier to get to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite fry 's ! the meat guy with the awesome deep voice has to be one of the friendliest and helpful employees i 've ever met . he 's helped me pick out certain cuts of meat depending on what i 'm making . he makes great recommendations and always greets you with a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this frys sucks every time o come here they are out of stock of what i want usually the same thing clearly of its out of stock maybe when you do inventory you should order more since it 's such a high commodity . i do n't have this problem with any other frys.mpmffz lmlii", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a joke . the moneycenter area is a mess of people who do not know what they are doing . as the lady at the counter told me they only take payroll checks , even though the policy online clearly says payroll or government checks . how can people flat out lie to the customers and think that its ok . terrible customer service . looks like they just put whatever random employee without any training at the desk , so unless your just getting a lottery ticket i wouldnt touch the money center .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so my mother does not have a computer and is not very astute with technology . she wanted to get the friday giveaway which was ocean spray . however she was told several times that unless you have a computer to load the digital coupon on to the card they would not let her get the free friday purchase . at last she checked apparently sabrina the manager was supposed to get this resolved but the still has not happened . this is not acceptable to treat your customers like this because many seniors are not technology literate and it is not fair to treat them like so .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't typically review grocery stores but this particular location won we over when i found their bulk section ! i had been looking everywhere ( including other fry 's locations ) for pearl barley that i needed for a recipe but i could n't find it anywhere so i gave up . i wandered into this fry 's one day and noticed their bulk section which , amazingly , had pearl barley ! i know it 's kind of sad that something this small gets me excited but , what can i say , i 'm easily impressed . besides the joys that are the bulk section this store has a nicer atmosphere than the other fry 's stores i 've been too and seems to have a slightly larger selection as well . this location has definitely become my new main grocery store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here pretty much every day : ) . probably one of the cleanest , nicest frys i 've been too with the exception of the one on gilbert and baseline .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with this grocery store . reminded me a lot of publix ( fl ) in terms of kind staff , pleasant atmosphere , and great sales .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this fry 's . it is close to my place and it is pretty nice for a grocery store . i think the prices are just as cheep as anywhere else . it is nice when they have stuff that i actually buy on sale . they have a great beer selection . i always use the self check out . i just think it is faster . plus i use a lot of bags because i reuse the bags to pick up my dogs `` leavings '' when i take him for a walk . they work perfect for that and it is instant recycling . the staff seems nice enough and every thing is usually in stock . the store is nice and clean too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love frys ! they have such nice workers and i love how they have everything i 'm looking for ! they also save me money on gas and have really good deals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had cats and dogs treated here and have always found the staff to be caring and professional . dr. ryan , in particular , is a kind , warm person whose love for animals is obvious . i would recommend her to anyone . the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that , on one occasion i watched the front desk receptionist make a woman feel guilty because she opted against a recommended treatment due to the cost . i 'm sure the pet owner did n't feel great about the fact she could n't afford the care - there was no need to make her feel worse . i 've heard this is done at many vets , sadly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took my old man dog dragon in today . after a night that left me more than a little worried that he was about to go to the great cat chase in the sky , i was beside myself fretting and worrying . what can i say , after 14 years he 's more of my child and best friend than he is my pet . i took the old man in to figure out what was going on with him . he just did n't seem right , and it was causing me to spin out . dr. ryan put my woes to bed tut suite . she came in , looked monkey dog over like a champ , told me that pending some blood work that i did n't have much to worry about . no fuss , no muss , no bs and no trying to up-sell me into things he did n't need . this is a good vet ! we 're moving into that area , and from here on blue cross and dr. ryan are our go to vets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for my first review this is going to be brief . extremely brief . wonderful veterinary clinic . exceptionally helpful and kind staff . clean facility . ca n't say much more except ... ... bravo ! ! ! well done ! ! ! excellent job ! ! ! and one more ... .bravo ! ! ! now i 'm off to look after my cat who still is n't out of the woods but is 100 times better than she was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "compassionate , caring , flexible , knowledgeable . drs . bennett , ryan and mulla are all kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the staff was courteous and kind . the separate waiting rooms for dogs and cats is so genius . makes everything easier . my cat calvin had his teeth cleaned there . and my poor old cat named spot was put down there . on both occasions they were informative of my options and were genuine in their empathy for my decisions . calvin 's surgery went awesome he ended up having 9 extractions . i know it added years to his life . it was an expensive day at the vet that day but was still reasonable and not overly inflated . putting spot down i thought i would n't be able to do it . they made me and her so comfortable . i did n't even cry till it was all over , i did n't want to upset her . as far as euthanasia i can not imagine it going smoother . i have since moved to tempe . i will still return time and again to bcvc . i need to make darby an appt for a dental cleaning right now as a matter of fact .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the staff at blue cross vet clinic . the whole group is so sweet , and you can definitely tell that they absolutely love animals . ive been there a few times for routine matters ( puppy shots , and check ups ) and dr. ryan is really great . i have had some really tough times with my pets and different vets , but she is smart , caring , and so knowledgable . dr. ryan takes the time to answer your questions , and i feel like i can trust her opinion . the staff remembers my puppy when we go , and my dog always leaves there less anxious ( and with a treat in her belly ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great experience with bcvc today . my dog was sick so they were able to find a spot for her right away . short wait and very friendly and knowledgeable staff ! highly recommend to any pet owner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome vet ! dr. peter has cared for our dogs for 12+ years . he has taken a+ care of our 3 dog 's medical needs : every visit ; every need , emergency , and general care . when we lost one of our dear tail waggin ' dogs to a coyote , he cleaned him up for burial . not too much later we received a precious footprint in clay of our dog . it was so thoughtful ! all this office does is with utmost care and compassion . i highly recommend blue cross veterinary clinic ! ( i never write reviews , but this one is way overdue ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing i can say , is the whole staff , is incredible , there is no numbers or percentage that exists . i have been seeing dr dutton since i adopted a kitten soleri from aawl years ago , and they give you an list of vets to see to do an office visit , and notice on the list `` blue cross veterinary clinic '' in which is very close to my place . so i choose to go there and that is when both soleri and i met dr dutton ... and i thank soleri and aawl since without both of them , i would not have met the this wonderful person.. not enough words can say enough to express myself to everyone that works with dr dutton . that includes all my cats ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. bennett is the best vet that i have found anywhere . my dogs are my children and last fall my 13 year old pug was diagnosed with terminal cancer . dr. bennett was kind and compassionate , yet honest with the prognosis and quality of life ahead . after going to a cancer specialist that she recommended i made the difficult decision to let my little man go with as little pain and as much dignity as possible . 3 months later i adopted another male pug , so that my female pug would have another companion . dr. bennett has been fabulous with both . she will personally call me to answer any questions concerns i may have and my pugs adore her . anyone looking for a vet who will love and care for their four legged children should schedule an appt with dr. bennett . btw , she has 2 pugs of her own , so pug owners looking for someone who understands the unique issues with pugs , here she is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. peter , dr. ryan & dr. james are by far the best vets that we have ever trusted our pups with ! our 16 year old lab has been seeing these doctors since she was little and we just brought home a new yellow lab that now goes to see bcvc ! from the friendly office staff to the amazing docs that i listed above , i do not have a negative thing to say about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys did some customized work on a car i recently bought from a dealership . when i noticed a very minor issue with the appearance of the navigational system in my car , i went into their shop to see about getting it fixed . they were extremely fast and courteous . i did n't have to make an appointment , just stopped in and they took the car in immediately to take a look . they fixed the very minor issue and i was out the door in no more then ten minutes . no questions , no cost . these guys stand by their work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome . the sun shade that covers my sun roof ( which they did not install ) had come off the track . dave fixed it very quickly and noticed that the glass was deglazing and looked it up and it had been recalled . immediately replaced it with a temporary glass and ordered a new one for me . the new glass came in 2 days later , returned and he installed it in 30 minutes and i was out the door . did not charge me a dime for anything ! highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome in every way . i have had a few cars that i have bought from dealerships an they have done all the work . leather , stereo , sunroofs an anything else you can think of for your car or truck . great job guys . tell allen hello for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want something done right go to auto toyz in charlotte nc ... dustin and tracy are great to deal with . they installed leather and a nice sound system in my truck , it sounds and looks great ! ! ! if you want the job done right the first time , go to auto toyz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred here by my insurance company . the cost and installation were less than the deductible , so it was all on me . i needed to have a glass piece of my sunroof replaced . they did a great job at a great price , and all in a few hours . i was very pleased , and would definitely recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this home hardware is ok because it 's convenient , but do n't have any questions for staff . they seem to know less about hardware needs than i do ( and i know next to nothing ) . they could n't event tell me what kind of lightbulb i had or if they carried it when i brought in an example . and they are so slow at everything , they will also try their hardest to avoid eye contact with you so they do n't have any questions . and more than once i 've been in there and they just talk about how `` blazed i got last night dude '' . i 'm not a prude at 23 but come on , talking about getting blazed at work in front of customers that you 're busy not helping ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no offense to mel , but i totally disagree . i recently moved to the danforth and my apartment needed a lot of work . i went in there multiple times and each time the staff seemed very knowledgable and were able to answer all of my questions and help me figure out what tools products were right for each job . they also carry nearly everything you could possibly need for small home reno 's and all those random small things you realize you need right after you 've moved . they are super convenient and definitely my go to store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while it is cramped , and occasionally you have to wait in line , generally you can find what you need , and the people helped us find what we were looking for and they usually had a variety of price ranges . the prices are very reasonable , and you can get a good internet cable there for less than 1 2 the price of futureshop . in addition , they make screens for windows , and since we will need one after the summer ( since the cats tore through the old one ) it 's good to know as most home hardware locations do n't seem to have custom screens , which they also offer in two thicknesses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't love walking into this store because it feels crammed and stinks to high heaven of cheap chinese plastic goods like a dollar store , but they do have quite a lot crammed on their shelves . i can only tell you to check the prices carefully , they scanned something at almost double the price the tag had indicated .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i get all my hardware needs here before i resort to home depot . a lot of staff , helpful and friendly for the most part . do n't hesitate to ask if you ca n't find something , chances are it 's hanging on the wall close to the ceiling , they 'll get a ladder and get it down for you . great , reliable key cutters , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not sure where wesley lives , but this fry 's is not a ghetto store on the outside . i happen to shop at frys food and drug stores at thunderbird and 40th street and can tell you it is a great place to buy food . i think this store , in particular , has excellent customer service . the employees are friendly , they smile and will help you out when you ask or look lost . management is excellent and they will bend over backwards to try and resolve any issues you might have with the store . this store is always clean ( especially the bathrooms ) , and the starbucks is very good . extra : patrons are good about putting their carts away so you will always find them inside the store -- even in the heat of summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always had a great experience with the fry 's and the wells fargo ! had any bad food and returns have been a breeze and i rented a rug doctor so many times and they stand by their word ! love this fry 's . feels weird to shop at any other fry 's", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gas station starbucks good customer service self check out nice ... .clean ... .and right down the road from my apt . most importantly ... .great prices ... .and points for gas for every dollar you spend . eat , drink , and be merry my friends ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this fry 's is in a decent area , not `` ghetto '' in any way . there is a new gas station in the parking lot , which is handy . the store is nice , clean , well stocked , and close to home . it 's not my favorite grocery store in town , but it does the job . employees are helpful and friendly . their starbucks people are also customer service oriented . good neighborhood market overall . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by this fry 's on thanksgiving afternoon to pickup a couple of things i realized i needed . this location is by my parents house . i was grateful they were open until 5pm . the store had everything i needed . cashier was in a really nice mood despite working on thanksgiving . the store was clean and well organized . thank you fry 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent fry 's location , pharmacy , gas station , starbucks and two redboxes outside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff here is great , from the managers to the employees who bag the groceries . the managers are often on the floor greeting people and if no one is available to bag i have had managers come right up and bag groceries for me even if i did n't mind doing it myself . i love how affordable flowers are here and the variety they have of them . the produce is very fairly priced and well stocked . the cold cut counter has the sweetest staff , they also cut the cold cuts awesomely . the supermarket is warm , clean and just nice to come to . i do not like however how far the carts are from the entrance . it seems that they are n't brought back from the parking lot frequently enough so visitors need to walk that much further in order to get a cart . also , they need to fix the lighting behind the `` fry 's '' signage outside , some bulbs are out which make it look a little cheap . overall though , a well run supermarket .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best fry 's i have been too . it has a layout that makes it easy to get around and find what you need . the parking lot is n't terrible . they have good products and fast friendly customer service . they even have their own gas station and you get gas points for every dollar spent . ( history tidbit : this fry 's used to be across the street next to a super x drugstore . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they changed the floor plan . i had a hard time finding things . they have new signs over each lane and it 's wrong . i got home and found i 'm going to have to go back because there is so much i could n't find . on top of that i spent $ 150.00 . i uses to spent about $ 110.00 . so i 'm not sure if it costs more or what the problem because it 's going to cost about $ 50.00 to get what i missed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is definitely `` my store '' . i 'm here almost every other day . there are several sales associates that i have gotten to know and make polite conversation with ; it 's nice to have such friendly people but then i do n't want to run in when i look like crap , which is probably a good thing for everybody . i love fry 's because the prices are closer to walmart than safeway , but the self checkout gets me out of there quickly ( as opposed to safeway- does n't have one ) and the store is large and has most things i need without being a day trip just to reach all four corners ( like walmart ) . i 'll miss this fry 's when i move !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the prices are good , the layout makes things easy to find , and the service is excellent . it 's not the fanciest or the biggest frys store but it 's convenient and being a little smaller it is easier to get in and out when you are pressed for time . they also offer better produce than safeway . added bonus ... they have a gas station . costco beats them on price unless you have fuel points for the discount .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am tired of frys almost always out of sale items . every time i shop for produce it is empty . last time i went the cashier was rude . changing stores i will be going to shea and tatum in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very clean and really nice fry 's . the employees are always really nice i come here a lot for gas and love that i can use gas points .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been shopping here on and off for many years . pretty clean and good parking . once in a while they will be running pretty low or out of some random things , but for the most part have always been a reliable place to shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i liked the layout of this particular fry 's . was very clean and organized and had a large section of simple truth items at the front of the store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in to get a starbucks to start my afternoon . the girl was pleasant and greeted us with a smile . was excited to see that the pumpkin spice latte was back . ordered a morning bun and a grande psl . the bun was not heated nor did they have a microwave to heat it in . furthermore there were no napkins avail . i had to ask for a napkin and it was like a shop towel napkin . prefer the shop napkin as i only needed one versus the many standard napkins . still disappointed the bun was hard and cold .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great store , great location , especially excellent pharmacy , fantastic customer service , always willing to go above and beyond for their patients . five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slightly above-average produce , nice gas station , average employees ( great mixed with subpar ) , so a nice fry 's . the prices are n't bad and the store 's layout is functional .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this probably is n't the best fry 's in our area , that title goes to the tatum & shea location , but they get 5 stars for having the best gas prices in my area and carrying diesel . their prices are usually even lower than the large box membership stores ! the store inside has recently been removed so it 's nice and you can definitely get your normal grocery items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they never seem to have what i 'm looking for in produce . the night crew could be a little bit more friendly . i usually go out of my way to go to the store on tatum and shea . i 'd end up there , anyway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this frys is the best grocery store i ever been too and will only go too , everyone helps you out when your needed , there all friendly and always have a smile on their faces . one of the cashiers lorraine is funny , outgoing and definitely brighten up my day when i see her with her personality is just great ! i definitely coming back for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this fry 's for years and until today have not had any problems . the ladies at the pharmacy were rude and not helpful in refilling a prescription i have been taking for 4 years now . i will not be returning to this pharmacy , which is quite an inconvenience as it is right near my house and have been going there for years .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good thai restaurant . we found this little gem on yelp , and so glad we tried it out . the place was clean , the staff was friendly and the food was hot and delicious . their pad thai was amazing , not many thai places know how to prepare delicious noodles , but this was perfect . also their pineapple curry was so tasty and flavourful . definitely a place to come back again.. and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a regular take-out and dine-in customer we were very disappointed with the food quality tonight as not up to par . sparse amount of chicken in both our dishes and it was `` stringy '' and unappealing looking . called to report dissatisfaction , only to be told there was nothing they could do for us . manager would come on the phone ; let alone we had to listen to the girl expalin our situation to the manager in her own words vs. what i had told her ... ... poor business policy . there is always something a restaurant can do and we found the whole experience unacceptable . menu now into garbage along with a good portion of the dishes ... ... .unbelievable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was okay but they got the bills mixed up . food came out quickly . servers were attentive . it 's nice to see some coconut rice on the menu . not all thai places seem to have this basic dish . the green curry was okay . the meal finished with some deep friend banana dessert on the house . that was pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered take out here several times over the past five years . it 's just not very good . the food is very bland , everything is near colourless and tasteless . try taste of thailand at dundas and kipling , similar place but with far better food . as an example , i sometimes get the basil fried rice with beef for lunch at tot , it 's pretty damned good . just ordered it from thai signature and it 's got no spice at all , it 's a pale whiteish colour and is generally quite rubbish . just not good enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for lunch last week with my mom and we were pleasantly surprised . the food was fresh , delicious and authentic . ca n't get much better than this . lunch specials are worth every penny ! try the pad thai and pumpkin soup yum yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good for lunch ! have n't tried dinner yet ... coming from south east asia , i can tell the taste is good but too many substitute ingredients ... which is disappointing . i was hoping for a real thai food , but as soon as i see broccoli its a bit off putting . but do n't take me wrong their food is good , service is decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved it . tried their chicken pad thai with a mango salad . the salad was great , i 've never had that before", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . found it by luck 15 yrs ago when we lived in port credit . we moved to erin mills 10+ years ago and still make the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going out our way to go here for lunch for a few years now . their lunch specials are reasonably priced and the food is consistently good . my favorite dishes are their basis sauce with seafood and their pad see ew . yummy . would definitely recommend this place . service is really good as well . the only reason i gave 4 not 5 stars is the soups i have tried have not been as enjoyable as the rest . still , we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a good spot . everything i tried is tasty , and that includes curries , noodles , mango salad , etc . eating in is nice , the restaurant is well decorated and i thought the service was pleasant . one time we ordered take out and the prices on their website did not match the prices we were charged . we inquired , and apparently the prices went up . i know it 's just a few dollars , but it does bring the cost of what i want to spend for a take out meal over my limit , so i 'm not in a hurry to go back . i get really annoyed when rice is n't included in the price of meals that require it ( like curries ) , but thai signature is not the only place that pulls this nonsense off , so i ca n't really blame them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hp enterprises was recommended by farmers insurance . i was told they were a preferred contractor for them for many years and would do the job for the approved estimate the insurance company gave me and that they would deal with them directly instead of with me . my kitchen was destroyed by water and they did all the rebuilding or subcontracted it out and gc 'd it . this included dry wall , ceiling repair , baseboard , countertops , backsplash , cabinets , electrical and plumbing . oh , and painting . they were here all the time making sure things were done properly . i am not an easy going client and i asked a million questions and was always home during the work . they were so patient with me . guy was the greatest . he and pat were very reassuring when i worried the entire time that i was going to make a huge mistake . the kitchen came out more beautiful than i could ever have imagined .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had water damage and my homeowners insurance company referred me to this company . they were professional and did a great job . they replaced baseboards , painted , and replaced flooring in the laundry room . all in 2.5 days . they did not reinstall my dryer correctly but when i called them they were quick to respond and correct the situation . guy and julio were great ! i can not comment on their pricing because they billed my insurance company . another awesome thing about them is they worked with my insurance company and worked things our so i did not even have to pay my deductible ! that was great and it looks like the water damage never happened !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks are really nice . check them out for a clean safe storage unit close by the palms casino .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice people ! glad we found them . were recommended by audi henderson . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is simply wonderful when you can find a barber that is consistent and wonderful . my barber at azeal has to be one of the best in town ! i can usually get in tara 's chair with sufficient advance notice ! i enjoy the precision cut that she always provides . the shop is also very confortable , modern and clean . as many barbershops ... you get your fill of sports conversation ... and occasionally an opportunity to catch up on things happening with the family ! ! ! ! i highly recommend azeal ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "azeal is my son 's back up barbershop , the location is very convenient which makes it very easy to drop by while running errands without having to drive across town . we 've used at least 3 of the barbers and have always been pleased and very little if any wait time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here while on business in the area . the barber was amazing - i highly recommend this barber shop to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chris is a great barber . he spends good amount of time on your hair and works on details on his clients . highly recommend him to anyone in charlotte looking for a professional cut . he is 3 chairs on the right towards the back of the entrance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about this place . we bring my cognitively impaired father here once every two weeks and everyone who has cut his hair shaved him has been nothing but patient and kind ! great guys working here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful barbershop with professionals . well maintained and decorated . the barbers are uniformly attired and want to give you what you ask for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not come here for their massages . i had a coupon for 25 % off so i decided to try their 30minute massage . they totally ripped me off , i was massaged for less than 15 mins ! ! the lady was 5 mins late , gave me 5 mins to fill out a questionnaire ( although i finished it in 1min ) , gave me another 5 mins to change at the beginning , and ended 5 mins early ( i checked my watch before and after i left the room and it was under 30 mins ) . worst massage experience ever . do not be ripped off , and if you do , do n't be like me and let it go , demand that they give you the full 30mins .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "si j'ai mis 3 \u00e9toiles c'est bien car je suis fran\u00e7aise et que j'aime cette marque donc si j'ai un soucis ca me d\u00e9pannera , mais les prix sont tr\u00e8s tr\u00e8s chers , puisque c'est fran\u00e7ais ! ! ! pour un tube de cr\u00e8me que j'ach\u00e8te 4,5\u20ac en france il m'en coute 15 $ \u00e0 toronto ... \u00e7a fait mal pour des produits qui coutent si peu cher en france surtout quand on a la carte qui nous donne souvent droit \u00e0 50 % de r\u00e9duction ou 1 produit achet\u00e9 , 1 offert . y aller que si vous n'avez pas le choix , sinon achetez vos produits avant d'arriver !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stupid company that does not provide bags when purchasing . selling customers a bag for $ 2.95 instead of the usual 5 cents a bag in canada . i made a purchased of $ 200 and they did n't even give me a free bag.. never again . the sale associate was so rude about me not having a bag too ... . you guys need to train your sales associates to become more friendlier to customers ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here to buy a lipstick around 3 pm wednesday . i tried on 4 lipstick and i used the cleanser they had to wipe my lips . the asian woman who was there ( older one , not younger ) commented , `` cleanser is really cheap , eh ? '' how rude ! i will never be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time with this place . stay away from toyota ! the sales manager `` jim '' we will call him , will talk down to you and try to get you to over pay for your car . they brag how nice the dealership is nail salon , restaurant etc . who wants to spend time at a dealership ? people want a good car for a great price ! you will overpay at scott clark toyota ! i have no use for people who look you straight in the eye and lie to you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst experience i have had at a car dealership ! first off i scheduled a time to go in and check out a car i found online . i already told the salesman that i would go through my bank during the drive but that seemed to go in one ear and out the other because when we got back to the dealership it went all the way wrong ! i was pressured into buying today or they would not pay our car off ... said they were appraising our car but when we said we would not use their financing they brought our car back with no quote ! horrible customer service ! they just kept our car hostage as if they were doing something ! ! wo n't do that again ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very dissatisfied with the service department here . i dropped off my car for a 20k service hoping to take their shuttle back to work 4 miles up the road . my service consultant told me it 'd be a quick 45 minute wait and that the shuttle had just left . well here i am over two hours later still waiting . i went to ask her how much longer and she was too busy talking on her cell phone to help me . i 'm never bringing my car here for service ever again . horrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to the services to get my car washed and cleaned . crystal kush told me it 's going to take an hour to clean my car . i went to the lounge room and patiently waited for two hours and still did n't see she came in and call on me . so , i went outside to asked about the car . later on , found out my car was not even washed and cleaned yet . talked to her and she was being so careless saying `` you can bring it back next time and i 'll pay for it . '' like seriously ? she does n't even say apologize for making me wait that long and saying that ? i do n't need her to pay for my car services . i can afford that . all i needed was my car to be washed and cleaned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service was absolutely horrible . the salesman we had was a lying sack of s and disappeared as soon as his part was done . waited for over an hour and a half for what we were told was 10-15 mins tops . we will never buy a car from here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased a prius here some years ago and have continued to bring the car in for servicing on a regular basis . buying process was good especially compared to my experiences at other dealerships . service has been great and reasonably priced . the waiting area for service is large and comfortable . free wifi is a bonus when it 's working properly . look forward to making another purchase from scott clark toyota again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called ahead to ask how long it would take to my car serviced b c i have places to be . they told me an hour and a half max . i made an appointment for 8:30 giving myself plenty of time to get to where i needed to be at 1 . at 11:30 they told me it was gon na be another 45 minutes ! ! ! ! wtf ? i made an appointment !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i bought a car from scott clark 's toyota last december . we have had nothing but problems from this car . the car as we soon discovered had major issues with transmission . it has been in shop four times for the same issue . no one can seem to fix it . went back to scott clark 's today to try and trade and they were willing but my payment was going to double . i would recommend to everyone , do not buy a used car from them . if you do , beware it could be a lemon as our car has fell under the nc lemon law .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought a car here two years ago and it was the worst experience i an imagine . very high pressure and manipulation . i will never buy from them again nor buy a toyota though i have been a loyal customer in the past . switch you off between people to keep you off balance , make you delay until you are worn out . go to town and country and do not go alone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this dealership will make every horror story when purchasing a vehicle come true ; it was a drawn out ( 4 hours ) , awful experience . no matter what they say , it 's all about the sales and the numbers . if their sales team actually thinks the way they treat people is normal and acceptable , they have seriously lost some perspective in life . they cross the line into abusive behavior . we purchased our vehicle here , but will never be back again . inefficient buying process that tries to squeeze every last bit of money out of you and extremely aggressive sales finance staff . it 's clear they wo n't care about this review , but hopefully i can save some others the disappointing experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was shopping for a 2014 camry . the sales guys were helpful , showing me a few different cars . however , the sales process itself was very high pressure to the point of being uncomfortable . as i was about to leave , the gm came over and basically made it seem like i was a moron for not taking the deal . so , i went to town & country toyota and was in and out with a 2014 camry in about an hour . this would be a much better dealership if they would just ditch the cheap car sales techniques . contrary to statistics , most car buyers do n't want to spend a lot of time driving around to multiple dealerships . they will buy if you give them what they want without the hassle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the best experience at this dealership . bought my first new car & it was super easy & not stressful at all . everyone i met there delivered the best customer service & was very helpful . travis wilson & jason liles were the 2 that worked with me for most of the process . both of these guys were friendly , patient , and just the nicest guys . they are the main reason that i recommend this dealership . both are amazing at what they do & i am so happy with the level of service i received & i love my new car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased several new cars in my lifetime and i have never had such a good experience like i did at scott clark 's toyota . colton the sales guy was knowledgeable friendly and truly interested in finding what i needed . when it came to pricing the vehicle they ask great questions to find out what was important to me and help put together a very good deal . i was a hard bargainer and jimmy cline the sales manager stepped in . i felt they truly worked with me to get me the car that we wanted at the price that we wanted . i would absolutely deal with them again and i do recommend them to people in the market for a toyota .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i put a five-star for the parts department . i do n't know much about the sales department here but i know every time i needed parts for my 09 toyota tacoma they had the parts and even fabricated a few parts that i needed . highly recommended for parts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here to buy a car and did n't end up getting one ( it was my first car shopping day ) but had to review them anyway because they spent an entire excruciating day in the heat trying to find me a car , and they tried hard . i was being very indecisive and i did n't feel judged for it . overall a good experience . i took one star off because their follow up is n't amazing , i was trying to harass them to see if new cars came in that met my very specific requirements and they were inconsistent in calling back . however , i was also probably exhausting them . i definitely plan to take my car here if it ever needs servicing , they seem very trustworthy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took our 2014.5 toyota camry le to scott clark toyota matthews nc because it hesitated when accelerating and turning . happened four times , they said nothing wrong . the service advisor said the car adjusts to different drivers . guess he thought we fell off the turnip truck when it went through town this week . called toyota hq in torrance ca , they said nothing wrong . many problems noted on internet . this is a safety issue , no doubt . recommend you not buy a camry until toyota recognizes it has an acceleration problem and fixes it . i encourage you to visit the national highway traffic safety administration ( nhtsa ) website and look at the complaint section relating to camrys . many toyota owners are having the same problem and some that we have not experienced such as not having braking control . you may also wish to query the internet to find like experiences -- - type in `` my toyota camry hesitates '' for results .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the overall service is a 4 , some of the guys need a 5 hour energy , but for the most part they do a good job . when i bought my car i dealt with desmond . he is a nice guy , direct , straight forward and honest . without fail he calls me every 6 months to check in and ask how my 2012 toyota camry hybrid is doing . go see him , he is a very nice guy . i do not understand why anyone would give this place a 1 or 2 stars give me a break , you must be very unhappy in your life . my radio broke on my 2012 camry . they replaced it free . matt . very nice guy . 8 29 2013", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are way more efficient dealerships in town than this - ironically enough , i heard a salesman talking to a prospective buyer saying this dealership was larger so was more efficient ( such bs ) . everything was fine with the service done and nc inspection ( took 2 hours , but the service advisor told me it would before i left my vehicle ) . when i got my vehicle back , i had a lanyard that was hanging from my rear view mirror missing . the service tech who brought me my car back was extremely rude when i was asking what they did with my item missing . after 15 minutes trying to ask them what they do in this situation , i found it in my glove compartment - i will not come back here knowing my belongings can be shifted during a service . in all the years i have owned a car and been to a dealership for service , none of my items have been touched until now . go to toyota of concord , or frankly , any other dealership .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great dealership , great staff , and great car ! we recently purchased a toyota 4runner ... and after visiting several dealerships , we chose scott clark toyota . sure there is some sacrifices ( on both parties involved ) and negotiating , welcome to the world of retail sales . people think that they should n't have to pay a penny over a price that they think is appropriate . well , sales is a job , people do have to make money to provide for their families .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience coming to this toyota location is very uncomfortable in my opinion the customer service in the service department should be reevaluated the men seem to be very prejudiced . i use this location quite frequently because of the convenience to home . unfortunately every time i use this location i feel very unwelcome which is very appalling because i 'm not used to this type of service dealing with toyota . toyota that i have grown to know usually provides excellent service and in my opinion this location is not doing so well", "score": "1"}
{"review": "travis wilson was great to work with for buying my first new car ! my husband will be next and we wont go anywhere else but to scott clark toyota . great and wonderful service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a great experience at scott clark 's toyota . we worked with dustin richardson and would definitely recommend him . he was very helpful and informative without being pushy . we told him what we wanted and how much we wanted to pay , and he made it happen . on a side note , we had the numbers on truecar.com handy on our phone which definitely helped reduce the bartering process . there were a few things that had to be done to the car after we picked it up like tinting the windows , and they happily worked around our schedules to get it done as soon as possible . the employees here work long , hard hours with a smiles on their faces , and i hope they are compensated and rewarded accordingly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brian maher - in service has been great ! i appreciated the attentiveness he gave and the quickness that they were able to provide for my appointments . he was always helpful and had an up beat attitude when talking to me and also clearly explained everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sales person is the worst i have ever seen . when we asked that we need rav4 he showed us with so much pain ( he do n't want to work ) . when we mentioned we just saw other type of car at honda he immediately said go and take it . .. we were shocked . after we have seen the rav4 car we came to downstairs to discuss about invoice . he did n't even enter us into system . and for our every word of conversation he started to debate with us . we went to front desk and said we are facing issue with him . another person came and said he would get car price details and came after 20 min and started to discuss about the previous sales person conversation . no respect for their customers . and yes thanks for the suggestion in asking us to take honda we are going to get it ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience with new car purchase . very pleased with costco auto program . will buy again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment to get a vehicle inspection at 2 pm and proceeded to wait for about an hour . i noticed that that seemed quite busy so that 's why i waited that long . i had to go and find out on my own that they were 75 minutes behind when i arrived . i was then informed it would be another 40 minutes or so . the person who took my car back said nothing about an extended wait . i would not have wasted that much of my weekend on a simple inspection .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful experience here with the purchase of our 2015 toyota camry xse ! ask for travis wilson or jason liles you will not be disappointed . i felt like they both fought for the best deal possible . i was offered more money for my trade than at hendrick toyota ( stay away from hendrick ) and also was able to get a step up in the xse instead of the se for less money at scott clarks . the only negative was i felt jim dalo the sales manager was trying to play games with me the first visit . i did not deal with him the second visit and i could n't be happier with the service received . ask for jason or travis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for crystal kush . she 's the best service advisor i have come across in my 5 years of going to this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to thank eric in the service department . we had a major issue with town & country ( see other yelp review ) and one call to eric and everything was setup for us to loan a car while our car is getting fixed . soon i will be in the market for a new car . i am looking forward to give sc my business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i took my car into scott clark toyota today ( saturday ) to get my tint fixed . they kept my car for for 4 hours then called and told me they can not fix the tint because they do n't have the supplies they need so come pick my car up and they will do it on monday . i explained to mark ( in service ) that i work during the week and it would have to be rescheduled for the weekend . he said that 's fine . when i asked him were they going to put the original color tint that was suppose to be on there at the time they originally did my tint he said i would have to speak to my original sales person and that it was `` not his job to figure out who the originals sales person was and speak to him about what should have been done '' . i was in disbelief . someone should really do some training with the employees at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another great stop ! i went in for my regularly scheduled maintenance and i was in and out with a washed car to boot within 30 minutes . just because you may not need an oil change every 3,000 or 5,000 miles , still get it checked and your tires rotated . i did n't think about my tires , but those are important to keep maintained too . they offer free manicures , but they were too fast for me to get one . by the way , not sure how it works , but there is only one manicurist and she was busy ! one woman after another wanted to get their nails pretty . fast and friendly service makes for smooth car errands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "has anyone ever taken your car to scott clark 's toyota and gotten a manicure while waiting ? is it worth the service your car gets to get a free manicure ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service dept - i had high hopes , sadly they quoted me over $ 4000 for an a c repair that in reality cost $ 1600 with another reputable mechanic . they also recommended other repairs that my usual mechanic said were not an issue , including replacing a steering rack at $ 1500 . i appreciate that they use genuine toyota parts , however when a car has 130k on it , you would think they would be able to explore more economical solutions .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was having an issue with my car . after i would turn it off the power would come back on . i was able to take my car in that night right before closing so that they could see what was going on . three people saw it and were n't sure what was causing it . when it was scheduled for repairs they gave me a new rav4 to drive and kept me updated while they fixed my issues . i am very pleased with the way they took care of me while fixing my car . recommend working with billy if you need a service on your vehicle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . clark was our sales man . very nice and professional . we are very happy with our fj cruiser . i would definitely recommend scott clark toyota . the prices could n't be beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting in charlotte from another state , i needed the services of a toyota dealership . in searching the area on yelp , i read about scott clark toyota on a competitors yelp review . kenton k. , assistant service manager , handled my affairs in a courteous , professional , timely manner . if i relocate to charlotte , i plan to use scott clark toyota .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "make an apt for an oil change for my daughters car , they are nice to call me to confirm the apt and make sure that i am there on time . i get there for my booked apt on time to learn it will take 70 mins for an oil change ! ! i tell the service guy no way i just my done in 15 mins . he says `` well they do n't do all they do . '' yeah right ! thanks for wasting my time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place ... it 's small , but it 's sort of fitting seeing as their decor and design is very cute and cozy . the staff there is actually pretty great and are always friendly and efficient . from what i can tell the menu is very minimal : you pick your noodles and toppings and you 're on your way . it 's a little expensive for just noodles , but pretty damn delicious . when i get takeout it comes in a great little cardboard container like old-timey chinese restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i occasionally stop into sweet lulu for a quick lunch on busy work days , due mostly to the fact that it 's in the lobby of my office and i do n't have to go outside . i enjoy the rice noodles with malay ( peanut ) sauce , but find them a bit heavy at lunch so lately i 've been trying other menu items . so far , i 'm not impressed . i 've had both of the soups ( the coconut one is thick like a curry- too heavy for me ) , the cold rolls ( dried out rice paper and full of romaine lettuce leaves ) and the tofu satay ( so greasy that it seeped through the wrapper and stained my desk ) . i think the key is to stick to the make-your-own noodles . one great thing is that you can place a take-out order online and avoid the lineup , which can get quite long at lunch . another note : after dining in , my suit smelled like sweet lulu for the rest of the day . my advice ? opt for the take-out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to say - they obviously read their reviews . they improved hugely after my recent rant , and i 'm very pleased to see that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to order from sweet lulu pretty often , and raved about how tasty the little cartons of noodles , the green salad with sesame ginger dressing , and the hot and sour soup were . my usual was the wheat noodles , tofu , and vegetables with malay sauce , and pretty much their entire repertoire of optional seasonings ( lemongrass , lime leaves , garlic , ginger , coriander , etc . ) until one day , my dining companion and i got some takeout and there was something very off about it . it just was n't the same , it was n't delicious anymore . i 'm not sure whether it was an unlucky day and our food just was n't up to par , or if we simply got sick of eating there , but i have n't been back since .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have you ever looked at a menu in a restaurant and thought , `` i just wished they used a different sauce , or used rice instead of noodles , or used tofu instead of chicken or tossed in a little cilantro '' ? well for the customer who wants their asian dishes made to order , sweet lulu is for you ! their 'design your dish ' menu lets you choose noodles or rice , flavouring , meat and veggies and herbs and nuts . i had rice noodles with malay flavouring ( sweet peanut satay ) veggies and coriander and for eight bucks , i left feeling very satisfied . the service was also really great . the restaurant is small but it 's clean and the seating is very comfortable . they also do take out , which is great way to get exactly what you want for dinner after a long day 's work . it 's not haute thai cuisine but you get a lot of food for your buck and when it 's made to order , you ca n't really complain !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our office orders from here at least once a week . great `` make your own '' stirfrys . try the laksa soup too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant allows you to build your own meal the way you like it . they let you choose from a lot of options such as picking noodles rice , stir-fry soup , what kind of sauce soup base and any extra ingredients ( coriander , garlic , chili etc. ) . i went with the stir-fried rice with the thai sauce along with garlic , basil , coriander and chili , with chicken and vegetables . the food here is very versatile and tastes fresh and yummy though i would n't say it 's amazing or anything unique about it , just that it 's the only place i 've seen where you can custom-order a particular dish . service was also fast and efficient with friendly waiters waitresses . this restaurant is ok in my book . .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great noodles i give this place a 5 out 5 this place is spotless very clean great service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my sweet lord where do i begin . i love this place . service is always so friendly . the food is just incredible . the veggies are so fresh , noodle choice is amazing . i have n't had any of the soups curries but i imagine they 're just as good . i keep wanting to come back to try different combinations . always go with my boyfriend after work and we both are obsessed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only been there once.. and this review is more personal and maybe a little bias.. this is a cute little place and the idea is great to have you pick whatever you like and how you like your meals to be prepared . but over $ 10 for a noodle with chicken and vegetables that is quite pricey for the quality and quantity you getting.. i am not a big eater and i was still hungry after i ate my soup noodle ! but this is a good place for people that are more picky and want to know exactly what is in the food they ordered . the services are really friendly and good ... . and it is kind of cool to be looking out to queen street through the big windows when you hanging out with your friends !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sweet lulu is a great little spot to eat if you just want some noodles or if you want an alternative takeout , or if you 're a picky eater who 's always altering your order . you pick a noodle , pick a sauce , a protein , etc and they put it all together for you . they have those cute square cardboard take away boxes and the d\u00e9cor is modern and simple just like their dishes . there 's a few in the city now , but the queen st. one is the coziest by far , even if it 's the slowest for takeout in all of them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was here the other night with my cuz ... we were looking for a place to have noodles , and came across sweet lulu . it was pretty cool - you pick your grain , your sauce and herbs and choice of toppings . it was pretty tasty . i wanted soup noodles but opted for the stir-fry variety instead . pretty cool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i dream about sweet lulu ... i 've only eaten in the restaurant once - there are no w c 's so i do n't want to risk it . take out is quick and the portions are on the side of large . the malay sauce is fantastic . my go to is the veg with tofu , malay , brown rice and all of the spices . i would love to know how many calories this dish has as i eat it way too often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! i will usually pick up one of two combinations - either chicken with medium thai sauce or shanghai noodles with black bean . both are delicious ! ! they have an online payment system so i order online , pay online , and pick up in 20 minutes , perfect for a quick weeknight meal : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in here with my girlfriend for a quick dinner and that 's exactly what we got . the menu is easy and you 'd be making your orders in about a minute . would definitely drop by again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are interested in authentic , affordable asian food , this is not the place . especially if it 's laksa you want . the dish they call laksa is a bland comparison to the real malaysian curry based coconut soup . unfortunately authentic malaysian is hard to find in toronto , so people will think sweet lulu is decent enough , but for anyone who has tasted a genuine laksa , made in a good malaysian restaurant , you will be disappointed at their bland efforts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think its a cute little place , but the food is not for me . meals go for a little over $ 10 a bowl and are a bit too salty . ask for less salt , and they will say half the sause . and you say yes . note they were kind enough to remake mind with less salt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we usually love the noodle dishes that we order but this time i decided to try the tom yum soup . it basically tasted like plain noodles in water . very little flavour or seasoning . spring rolls are delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was a cute little restaurant that you get to customize your whole order . waitress was extremely nice and gave great service . nothing really stood out to me when i came . might give this place another try , but not anytime soon . also , it 's pretty cute that they do their delivery on a bicycle . they have a wooden ( i think it 's wooden ) box attached to the back of the bike with the sweet lulu logo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've always been missing my hometown laksa , and so my bf hunted down this restaurant to bring me to try . while the laksa still pales in comparison to the authentic laksa , i 'd say it 's probably the best or second best choice when i 'm craving for laksa . their malaysian peanut sauce ( not too sure of the name ) used in stir fry is spectacular ! it never fails to put a very happy smile on my bf 's face and tummy ! check that out ! downside is there 's not that many locations and the food is a wee bit expensive for a poor student like me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the location i visit the most . i love it here , the tofu is so good ! it 's cheap and quite a large portion . the laksa soup is also really good , but i like getting the pad thai noodle with the oyster sauce , tofu veggie mix , and sweet basil . sooo yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent variety . i love their mix and match menu . highly customizable . they also deliver to the bar next door which is awesome for bar nights : ) the staff are friendly and the place is nicely renovated . the prices are n't that bad ... not cheap but ok ... : ) mmmmmm now i 'm craving beef in black been sauce with the thick egg noodles ... mmmmmm ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast asian cuisine that 's delicious . seems weekdays are the best time to come here if you want to sit down and eat right away . the menu is straight forward ; 5 steps to order a rice or noodle main . easy . i had the fried rice , beef stir fry , with chinese flavouring ( oyster sauce ) . the portion was generous and i 'll definitely be coming back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my only complaint about my meal here was that i was still hungry afterwards . i ordered the flat rice noodle with tofu and veggies and all the herbs spices except for ginger and chili flakes . i thought the dish tasted wonderful . though the bowl looked like a good serving size , there was a lot of bean sprouts in my dish , and not a lot of noodles . maybe it was a one-off and usually the portions are better , maybe i was just extra hungry . prices here are reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to sweet lulu a few times and every time has been the same - amazing . this is a great casual spot and if you 're looking for some really tasty and filling asian fusion food , this is the place to go . whether you 're eating in or taking out , you always get big portions and consistently good quality food . i love that you can make your own meal , you get to choose a base ( rice or noodles ) , a sauce , some herbs , and your meat . i usually get either the hokkien or the rice ribbon noodles , the malay ( sweet peanut satay ) sauce , coriander and crushed garlic , and chicken or beef . prices are low , usually around $ 12-15 per person . a place to check out for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order in from here a few times a month . it is my good 'ole standby for quick delivery food for dinner . there is n't much good delivery in this city - this is ok . i think it is alittle pricey considering what you are getting - but who am i to complain ? i am too lazy to cook the same thing at home . it is a quick delivery . the food is consistent with no surprises . if you are in the trinty bellwoods park all day - the food helps you create a great picnic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how have i not reviewed this yet ? ! i 've been coming here for years . the staff are mega friendly . i love the `` design your dish '' concept - pick your grain , flavour , spices and herbs , then your protein . i wish i could say i explored most options on the menu , but their malay sauce that is out of this world has prevented me from doing so . the few times that i have tried other options , i 've been almost equally pleased . their chicken satay and laksa soup appetizers are deelish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got ta say , i really enjoy this place . i love that you can mix and match your ingredients and tell them what to put into your stir fry . if you know what you are doing ( like can cook yourself ) then you should be able to create a tasty dish . the malay peanut sauce is a must , and this is a place that does tofu well ! i got the beef once and the pieces were really tiny and a bit disappointing so i will always get the tofu from now on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have a pretty hilarious story about how we got so desperately lost trying to find the performing arts center on campus . we asked many people and i do n't understand why it was so hard , but there is not so great signage to direct you . of course , it does n't help if you are not from the area and not familiar . anyhow , we found the place and parking was very easy and ample . we were in attendance for the mark twain tonight ! performance by hal holbrook , which was excellent by the way . there are many stairs to get to your seat , if you have mobility issues you may want to purchase in an accessible area . every seat was great , so if you get a row farther away from the stage it is still a comfortable view .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ready to listen to the middle schoolers rock out in band ! here we are in 117 degree heat to check out a bunch of 5 year old hip hop ballet stars . this is so cool . the unlv performing arts center and hamm hall is amazing . a . parking - huge parking structure right next to hamm hall , great for the heat and so close to the center . amazingly convenient . who could have planned this better ? b . the facility - awesome seating . every row and seat has the right amount of space . the acoustics and sound is balanced . the views are all great from all seats . this is first class . c. the stage - just right , esy to see , and the right size for a variety of events . this is 4 star across the board . if you ever are invited to an event here , you will be happy with the facility .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "performances here are always excellent . i 'm never dissatisfied when i go to a concert here . the lobby and theater are clean . the bathrooms are well kept as well . it 's very easy to acquire tickets to the performances and i think it 's great that some of the tickets sold have student discounts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great , old school theater . it seats around 600 people . tickets for shows are relatively inexpensive ( between $ 20 - $ 30 ) and there really is n't a bad seat in the house . support local artist and theater . yes , the smiths center is wonderful , but it also rapes the hell out of your pocket book . see a show here . you 'll love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say about the performing arts center . it is a phenomenal venue completely dependent on what you are going to go see . i have been going to the classical and not some classical guitar series which just ended last night and it was phenomenal . i know that there are plays an orchestral events etc. , but have not been there for them . if there is no stage you will see one of the largest organs i think i have ever seen in my entire life . it is a very intimate venue with movie theater type seating . one thing to note if you have allergies were very dry eyes in general make sure you bring eyedrops because they keep the environment extraordinarily dry for the sake of the instrument 's integrity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband & i decided to check this place out after our time at the rock & roll hall of fame . so glad that we eventually found it cause the food was really good ! we got the hummus to start and for entrees i had the black bean burger & he got a cheeseburger . icy cold beer too ! really enjoyed the food & service , will definitely come back the next time i 'm in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patty melt was super ! great service too . this bar has a big selection of draft options . we were looking for ipas , and there were several . note : this bar is not on w. superior . it is on superior but is across the street from the public library . find it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this cute space has been many things in my tenure as a downtown office worker , but i think it has finally found its stride . the leader bar 's menu has something for everyone , but not an overwhelming amount of stuff . their burgers are excellent , as are their salads . standouts are the black bean burger- even as a die-hard carnivore , i dream about it- and the pear and goat cheese salad . and you can choose actual vegetables ( as well as fries and tater tots ) as a side to your sandwich or burger , which is refreshing . the servers are always very efficient and friendly . it fills up pretty quickly during the lunch rush , so arrive early if you have a larger group . my sole misgiving about the place is that those lovely high ceilings bounce noise around , so i always feel like i 'm going deaf while trying to talk to someone . totally worth it for the food , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for lunch downtown and or drinks after work . the food is better than most formal restaurants to be honest and between the taps and bottles , they have one of the best beer selections in the area by far ! bartenders are great , owner is usually around and makes sure everyone is solid , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled into the leader last friday evening having just gotten into town . little did i know that my planned `` snack and one drink '' would turn into a whole evening . within minutes , i 'd been invited to the hob to see george clinton and plied with liquor . i 'm sad that i had to come home . i want the leader to be my neighborhood bar ! great place . owners are awesome people . good beers on tap . great food . go . now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this `` restaurant '' does not even deserve one star . two of us went to the leader bar and grill for lunch . we were the only people in the place . we ordered our food and waited , and waited , and waited . one-half hour later , still no food . we finally asked for our food `` to go '' then we waited and waited again . eventually , we were given our food `` to go '' . when we opened the boxes not more than five minutes later to eat our lunch , all of the food was undercooked and cold . never again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a can of v 8 and and vodka does not make a bloody mary . not sure why these reviews are so good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tiny little piece of home in the heart of the city . great place to hang out after work , meet up with your crew before a game , or have a nice glass of whatever you drink ( nice whiskey selection ) without breaking the bank ! i was surprised to see interesting healthy bites on the menu ( along side traditional bar fare ) and impressed with the flavor ! i went on a monday evening for a work event and i noticed the staff was just as attentive to customers walking in as they were with our `` corporate party '' . service means the world to me ! i will be keeping leader on my short list . ps ... ladies , i had to take a bathroom break . i bring this up for 2 reasons : # 1 - the bathroom is in the basement -- be careful of the stairs including the step up into the bathroom ! # 2 - the bathroom was most clean of all public bathrooms i 'd ever seen smelled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work walking distance to this bar and wanted to stop in to try the turkey everyone raves about for lunch today . i got the cobb salad and asked for italian dressing with no cheese . the salad was pretty filling and the turkey was as good as the reviews said . but the waitress did not listen and i got balsamic dressing and cheese all over my salad . i was able to push the cheese off to the side so i did n't complain . but still annoyed since we were the only people there for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing veggie burger wrap . off the beaten path and great for tailgating or hanging before games . recommend it for lunch on weekdays !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this bar more stars i would ... service and beer selection is the best in the city and the setup is perfect for watching sports . this place is without a doubt the most underrated bar in downtown cleveland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was ok. i am a picky vegetarian and the menu was pretty limited . i ended up with grilled cheese that took about 20 minutes too long to make . 3 beers later , still waiting .. would have been more tolerable if the beer selection was better and the beer list was visible - it is written in a corner with a table in front of it . the people eating at the table were probably wondering why i was staring at them so much . not a lot of local options when i was in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was downtown cleveland and stopped by the leader . everyone was very friendly and my wrap was the best i 've ever had . it 's worth the stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite lunchtime location in downtown cleveland . love the food and outdoor patio . stopped for after work drink last night on patio , and got to see some filming too . chatted with owner who is really friendly , so important for good service ! celebrating a team victory or after work gathering with friends , nice welcoming place , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome beer selection and good bar food ... turkey club was especially delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time there . the selection of craft beers is great i really enjoyed the ipa 's . atmosphere and music was fun , would love to see the place jamming with a band upstairs ! management was friendly and even hailed a cab for our group so we did n't have to stand in the cold . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great home town bar in the same building of the cleveland browns first offices ; circa 1945 . close to the hyatt regency at the arcade .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , had the blue burger which was awesome . would have rated 5 but every time the door opened the place dropped 10 degrees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great veggie burger . homemade black bean patties . service can be slow but the food is always good and the staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in cleveland and in need of a beer , well , `` you better call saul '' ! great bar , great prices , good craft beer selection on tap , better than average menus , perfect place to party before or after a cavaliers game . saul is a really personable bartender . felt fortunate to stumble upon it . you could do a lot worse and spend a lot more in cleveland . give this place a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is amazing ! great daily specials , and awesome bartenders that make you feel like a regular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot . close to work . everyone has positive attitudes and is happy to serve you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great establishment for party of 1 . great value with service to make you feel at home . will return here before any hotel bar . groups looked like they had fun also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent beer selection . had the turkey rueben it was awesome . very nice atmosphere for a beer on the patio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little bar in a good location . a few blocks from playhouse square , good live music ( at least on weekends , anyway ) , good food , and a good beer selection . my kind of place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the daily specials the draft beer is always cold and fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is this place for real ? if you 're looking for a small dive bar , then you 've chosen wisely . food is super limited and they were out of jack when we visited ! i would make another choice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drinks were great burgers were slightly over ordered midrare got med but tasted great . only one person working both grill and bar . came in on saturday around 6pm , will stop back in when in town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful experience ! i 'm in town for a couple days and just wanted a place close to my hotel for drinks and food for dinner . saw this place close and looked relatively inexpensive so figured , why not ? easily best decision of my trip ! the bartender was friendly and very easy to talk to . the food was amazing -- had the tuscan bean and sausage soup which had a wonderful flavor and the mushroom swiss burger ( with tater tots ! ) . the burgers are fresh , never frozen , and made in house and you can tell -- it was melt in your mouth good . definitely recommend stopping by for some good ( and inexpensive ) food and a very nice draft and drink selection . if i come back to cleveland , i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid bar . we were staying at the marriott downtown for a wedding and looking for somewhere to watch college football . we found it . always a good sign for a sports bar when the owner ( jeremy ) goes out if his way to not only find your game but pays a premium to get it on tv . ( it was a bit of an obscure game . ) great taps , great food , great bar . i 'd recommend for anybody looking to grab a burger and a beer ... .and some college football .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother was here for a cut , but she was left unsatisfied . she decided to go back the day after to see if they would fix the problem . i tagged along with her because i needed to get something from the supermarket . after i finished , i went into the salon and saw my mom talking to the haircut lady as well as the owner . my mom kept on trying to explain her situation but the owner kept dismissing it . suddenly , the person who gave her the cut swore at her in chinese while the owner just watched . that made my blood boil so i stepped in and cursed back . well hold on , now the owner is offended . clearly it 's okay to swear at customers but it 's not okay for him to get cursed at . listen owner : if you do n't want to be cursed at , do n't allow your workers to curse at customers . stay the hell away . yes , this place is cheap as dirt , but you will only get ... ... .. dirt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this barber shop is very crowdede . when we reached it , at least 10 was in the shopping waiting , and the nearby barber shop was not so busy . the price was the key . here it charges only 8 dollars for sole haircut . that is no wonder that there is always a queue . the cut itself is fine . you can not expect too much , right ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my grown son goes to hair king occasionally . it 's not bad for an $ 8 cut , tip extra , nothing fancy , & no wash . i do n't know how well the barbers speak english or are trained , maybe in china , but for everyday , it 's a bargain , unless you have a special affair.then i 'd go elsewhere even for $ 20 $ 30 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for 2 years now . some barbers have very poor english . my go-to guy is alex . i 'd say he is the best at this location . a bit of a wait , but it 's worth it . 8 $ plus 5 $ tip . better that any 20 $ haircut i 've ever had", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad for the price of a basic cut . quick service , polite staff , all good . $ 8 plus $ 2 tip , ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "think a step up from mykonos . papa george has kept many of the pickles menu options , but came up with an inexpensive greek menu for those who want a sample of the mediterranean . certainly not my first choice for authentic greek food , but on a budget it definitely works and is filling , too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i first checked it out i was not impressed . the pickles decor was garish , the waiter rude , and the meat kind of dry . after a visit tonight ... all i can say is that the improvement is amazing . the service was fantastic , the evil pickles stuff is mostly gone , and the food was incredible . they now serve local lamb and heritage berkshire pork . the souvlaki is now even better than i remember from when they had a booth at the farmer 's market . but the lamb ribs i had ... wow ... marinated to perfection with delicious tangy vegetables on the side . i 'm a picky eater and i was practically gnawing on the bones . considering the meat was all local and sustainable , i was amazed that my entree only cost $ 13 . if you want to support local farmers and eat truly delicious food , check this place out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "papa george has gone out of business and is closed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first visit since it changed from pickles ... . i ordered what i always order here - the breaded pork tenderloin . it 's exactly the same as it always was - and that 's a good thing , in my book . it 's only on the menu as grilled , but they have that old standard breaded one , if you ask for it . my son ordered a gyros , & liked it . he chose lamb slices . they offer standard gyros meat as well , plus a spicey version . the decor has n't changed . next time , i 'll try a greek entre ... cool touch - the new owner was walking around talking to patrons with his young daughter . she 's learning to cook & likes to cook , especially eggs , she told us ... scrambled !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the meals i 've had here have been very delicious ! it is super healthy , fresh , and tasty . i got the spicy avocado and lime bowl my first visit and loved it ... i will say , it can get expensive if you add meat eggs . the smoothies have unique flavors that i have loved every time ! i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! loved it ! the turkey burger , west side style , was on point . i got a side salad with it , citrus avocado , and felt amazing after i ate it ... so fresh ! my husband tried the american burger with crisp veggies and surprisingly enjoyed it as well ( i 'm slowly converting him on to the eat healthy eat local craze ... and i 'm winning ! ! ! ) . we will be back in a few days again i 'm sure , perfect for lunch or dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best donuts i have ever had . the donuts are dense , rich and they do n't skimp on the fillings . warning they sell out fast . the cream filled maple sticks are a must . the italian bread is also very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sal , the owner , has a history of verbal abuse towards his employees and customers . recently , he threatened to throw my brother-in-law out on his face when he went in to pick up a cake that was previously paid for . after the chesterland police were called , we finally settled for a refund of the purchase price . do everyone a favor and take your business to any number of superior bakeries in little italy . heck , if you need to avoid the drive , head over to giant eagle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i first heard about it several years ago when i was in a pizza place down the road that had great cookies . i asked if they baked them on site and they said they got them from a bakery just north of mayfield on chillicothe . a few weeks later i found it and loved the cookies but also saw that they made much more including traditional italian baked goods . i returned today as i was in the area and stocked up on a few more treats sfingi , cream cheese nut horns , cuccidati filled with figs and dates , and almond and coconut torringini . the owner baker , sal , is a fifth generation and the family has been in business since 1893 . sal told me he uses 40 % peanut butter in his peanut butter cookies . katie was behind the counter and was extremely knowledgeable , friendly and helpful . check it out , good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , has the usp store changed their shipping policies ? i went to this location today to mail off two packages . both were weighted on their small counter style metal scale & the sales associate told me that one of them was to heavy to send standard mail . it was a small white priority mail envelope ( filled with soft babies items ) so i said : `` okay '' '' ? : thinking they would possibly send it priority mail then since it was a us post office priority envelope ? nope ! this employee said it was again to heavy & i said i 've never had an issue at any ups store sending out any type of package ? another employee then came up behind him & said `` well , we ca n't take the us postal packages , you 'll have to mail that from the local post office '' . that is two different statements & super confusing ! ! so , with that i just asked for both items and told them i would mail them off through the post office-without any issues ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've had a mailbox for a few years now . paul , mary and adam are a fixture there and always saying hi and asking how my day is . adam does a number of work projects for me and does a beautiful job . it 's also super convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in on monday to have an item packed and shipped . i gave them a108 as the unit number . they entered it as 108 . i explained that it needed to be a108 but it was obviously not changed . it was supposed to be delivered yesterday . i called last night and left a message . i called back again this morning and spoke to someone . they then had someone else call me back to tell me that they had changed it and my package would be delivered tomorrow . i called him and asked if i could go pick my package up so it could get there on time . he gave me the address and rushed to get me off the phone . no customer service at all . i called the ups distribution center and was told that he changed it to a018 . i paid over $ 30 to have this sent and delivered on time . will not go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after reading the poor ratings about the ups store on warner i decided to go to this location . i 'm so glad i did . haley was so helpful getting an important document that i needed sent out . you do n't always get good customer service when you visit a business so it 's so nice when you do . great job , haley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my item all packaged up fast , but i was n't greeted at all , even after i said hello . the gentleman next to her did a fabulous job with greeting his customer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their boxing packaging is a little expensive , but everyhting else was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "conveniently located in frys grocery parking lot . front of store faces west . parked right in front of store and was greeted by two friendly faces inside . in and out with package shipped in minutes . easy and smooth transaction . will definitely utilize this location again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been using this store for several years . service is fast , friendly , professional . more expensive than the usps , but the service is very fast , you will save on time . trustworthy dependable do n't hesitate to utilize this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this ups store was very clean and the customer service was good . i had a bit of a wait because i came first thing in the morning when they open , and it is the week before christmas . they seemed organized and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our company has been doing business with this ups store for the last 4 years . service is friendly , prompt and helpful . i highly recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get them while they 're hot vegas , fractured prune is here to stay . the fractured prune doughnuts are known for their piping-hot fresh method and they are best eaten that way . building your own is a little overwhelming but there is no wrong path , every combination leads to a delightful doughnut . the menu is simple , there are 19 different glazes and 13 toppings to choose from possibilities are endless . i bought a dozen doughnuts , but i could n't help but eat one before i hit the road . the inside is moist and crumbly , and either dense like a muffin or fluffy like a cake . it 's hard to pick a favorite , but anything with bacon or shredded coconut i went bonkers . the staff is very friendly and accommodating , they have as much fun making the food as i do eating it . i like taking their suggestions and coming up with unique flavors , its part of the fun factor for me . hopefully , the next time i walk in i 'll stump them on a flavor they had n't thought of yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , freshly-cooked and custom-topped donuts made to order while you wait ? what could be better than that ? i tried the bacon and blueberry donuts ( the first two of their suggestions ) . the bacon donut was dipped in maple glaze then topped with bacon pieces ( real ones , not the bottled mystery stuff ) . the blueberry one was dipped in blueberry glaze and topped with powdered sugar . both were very tasty and surprisingly not too-sweet . the only thing i wish was a bit different was if the donuts were fried a bit longer . they have a little crunch to them that most cake donuts have none of . but it would be nicer ( and i think a good complement to the glaze and topping ) if the crust was just a bit crunchier . i can imagine parking being a horror story at times with this place sharing the stalls with sweet tomatoes , five guys , rolled ice cream , and other businesses . probably best to avoid prime meal times when going .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service was great . you first walk in and you are greeted with a warm welcome . you can tell the staff works well with each other and are so happy . cool lil doughnut shop . i am so happy my fianc\u00e9 and i found a doughnut shop that serves fresh warm doughnuts ! ! ahh it 's so good . it 's not too sweet either . so pretty much you build your own doughnut . there are slips on a counter where you pick what doughnuts you want . you can either build your own doughnut or pick their specialties . they then fry the dough and quickly put the toppings on top while it 's hot ! yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little different than the competition , fractured prune serves up some great cake doughnuts . i 've seen the yelp hype but have not had the chance to try this gem out until my job surprised us to a sweet treat . the doughnut was amazing ! crispy on the outside and perfectly sweet . i love the variety of flavors and the option of creating your own . i stopped by the other day to sample a few more treats and had a mostly pleasant experience . the shop is clean , toppings are displayed in the window , and staff is friendly . one of my doughnuts , however was not correct . bummer ! i ordered banana cream pie , bacon bomb , and death by chocolate . so the bacon bomb had no bacon ! i did n't check the order , which i guess was my fault . even though my last order was botched , i 'm still a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the great thing about fracture prune doughnuts is that once you have a doughnut here , you wo n't eat one anywhere else . ever . made to order cake donuts are the best . the people are kind and quick . although made to order , call 10 minutes ahead to have your large order for your workplace family event hot and ready for you when you arrive . i could write pages and pages about how amazing this place is , but then you 'd be reading and not driving there ... just go ! right next to sweet tomatoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customize your own doughnuts ? ! ! ? count me in . definetly visited this spot as soon as possible . once you enter there 's a sheet of paper where you can check off what kind of glaze and toppings you want for your doughnut . the staff greeted us , and asked if we have been here before . they were very helpful , and never hesitated to help us . ordered a dozen doughnuts which was very cheap since it was customized and some that are signature recipes . the doughnuts was delicious when they are fresh and still good after having them two days old . so much varieties they offer . we 'll share these tasty bites with other people when we come back to order some more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what sets fractured prune apart from other `` hot and fresh '' donut places ( looking at you krispy kreme ) is that 1 . they have a nice cakey texture 2 . they are still good once they have cooled it 's not donutbar , but they have lots of combination options , and it 's fun to bring out of town guests to enjoy . it 's also conveniently located near lvac , because that 's how i roll . # balance staff could n't be any friendlier , and at around $ 15 a dozen , yes it 's more expensive than dd or kk , but you are getting a fresh , made to order product . during my evening visit , i was touched by how patient the staff was with senior citizen who was having a little trouble ordering . they were very respectful and polite to her .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hot fresh made to order cake doughnuts dipped your choice of glaze and topping this no joke monkey want put face in mint glaze and mini chocolate chips like andes mints ! ! ! there are 11 glazes and 12 toppings to choose from . so many combinations , so go nuts . grab a form and take your picks or choose from the most popular . monkey do : bacon bomb- maple glaze , cinnamon sugar , bacon -- ok , maple is subtle death by chocolate- chocolate glaze , chocolate sprinkles , cookie crumbs -- meh , ca n't call it that unless cake was chocolate cake too cinnamon toast crunch- ftw ! randomly given on the house . many thanks ! ! ! very good doughnuts because they 're hot fresh made to order and not too sweet . monkey do again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to fracture prune a few weeks ago , got myself 1 donut just to try . went back a week later and got 2 dozen to share with mine and my fiance 's family . that 's how good the donuts are . delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never going anywhere else for donuts . where has this place been my whole life . fresh donuts ! ! ! ! ! near my house but like that isnt a good thing.. but it is lol.. staff was friendly definitely coming back and definitely going to put my friends onto this place . going to petition to make fractured prune 24 hours haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so in love ! hot , piping fresh donuts at 8 pm ? yes please ! we stopped in for dessert . you can either xhoose one of their creations or create your own . we got a salted caramel ( caramel glaze and sea salt ) , bacon bomb ( maple glaze , cinnamon sugar , and crumbled bacon ) , and one with chocolate and sea salt . you order and then slide down and watch them plop your batter into the hot oil . they are finished and topped and handed to you warm , ooey , and gooey . ours lasted less than five minutes . i ca n't wait to go there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh ... my.. .lanta ! so good ! ! ! so excited to finally have an amazing donut shop near home ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this concept is awesome.. hot ready to order custom donuts . this place opened just down the street from my work . i read an article a few months ago about this place and have been waiting for it to open . i came in and ordered the chocolate mint , cookies & cream , french toast , and salted caramel donut . total was around $ 7 . the mint and cookies were okay.. the french toast tasted just like a funnel cake ... the salted caramel was hands down the best . holy smokes this thing was good . i probably could of killed 12 of these and would n't of even minded the diabetes.. must try for sure . service was excellent even crack a joke when you leave `` see you tomorrow ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so good . very friendly staff , donuts made fresh to order . i like that the donuts are a little smaller than donuts from dunkin or krispy ... you can either eat one and be satisfied or eat two without it being too much or too sweet : ) we got a dozen which was not expensive at all for the quality of the donuts , we got a variety of flavors and enjoyed all of them . bacon bomb was my favorite , the rest were very good also . donuts last a few days if you just heat them up a little bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to stop in here since we were in the parking lot . my husband and i loved the variety of choices for making your own donut . i chose vanilla glaze with graham crackers and mini marshmallows on top and my husband got chocolate glaze with sprinkles and cookie crumbs i believe . we were very excited to try our new creations but we 're less then enthused . the donut was nothing special even with the `` cool '' topping especially for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ill say it three times , hot doughnuts made right before your eyes . hot doughnuts made right before your eyes . hot doughnuts made right before your eyes . clean , super helpful and freindly staff . only gripe is the lackluster strip mall location on the far edge of vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hot fresh donuts . finally no more worries of getting stale donuts that have been sitting in display cases all morning . would give five stars if they come out with a yeast risen doughnut . cake only here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place just opened in the same shopping center as my job , and most of us are already addicted . the staff is so kind and knowledgable about the company . the donuts speak for themselves , and you will never want to eat one from another company again . i highly recommend the `` death by chocolate '' or the `` bacon bomb '' , but i love that they give you the option of creating your own donut with different glazes and toppings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a mid-atlantic transplant , i was super psyched to find my favorite coastal doughnut shop here in our desert . simple concept- vanilla cake doughnuts made to order and topped any way you want . i recommend the oc sand , for sure , but the sky 's the limit ! hands down , my favorite doughnuts in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "forget about krispy kreme ! this is the new king of donuts in las vegas ! ! ! you come into this place and they make your donuts hot and fresh ! then you can chose to make your own custom donut or one of their favorites ! you can watch them drop the donut batter into the oil then they take it out and dip it into maple , chocolate or a whole bunch of other flavors ! you can add two toppings to your donut and customize it big time ! ! ! the batter is soft and crunchy at the same time . it truly is a different type of donut that 's not greasy or overly sugary ! this place is a great addition to las vegas ! ! ! i love this place ! very cool concept and idea ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service here ! ! ! came here for the second time & decided to try out new flavors and the awesome workers threw in a free extra donut . the employees here are so down to earth and the donuts are absolutely delectable . definitely recommend everyone to give this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the name is real weird ( until you read the delightful story ... then you 're like awww ) but the donuts are real good . real real good ! have you ever gone to a festival or carnival where they had mini donuts they fry right in front of you ? delicious right ? well this is the adult version and you do n't have to dodge creepy carnies to get to em ! made right in front of your face & decorated how you please ? ! yessss ! all the yes ! the store is clean and organized and you can watch the whole process happen ! fun for all ages ! my favorite was the salted caramel . so salty and so sweet . i had one immediately and it melted in my mouth and then ate another one the next morning . i popped it in the microwave and bam just as good as the day before . i need this closer to my house and my life would get dramatically better . goodbye stale dry donuts of the past and hello melty crisp donuts of my delicious future . come to mama .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hot & fresh donuts made to order . think create your own donut bar with a selection of glazes and toppings . no stale donuts here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . had these donuts from when we went and picked up our free shirts for the dave and mahoney morning show . finally a actually really vanilla cake donut . i had the death by chocolate , still was warm and delicious . my friend had the cinnamon toast crunch , which was great as well . ca n't wait to visit the shop and order more . you got ta try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "think subway of the doughnut world , but way better . i ended up in their shopping center , killing time while the husband was at the dmv . i was bored and getting hungry , so a doughnut seemed like a great idea . this place was not at all what i expected going in . i know i was way too excited about watching my doughnuts being made ... but it was awesome . delicious cake style doughnuts made fresh and customized for you . definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! ! the doughnuts are perfect ! the service was fast and it is a different place for everyone . you can make your own doughnuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the staff was friendly and funny . the main attraction the donuts are simply the best . the prices are great i will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do n't offer filled donuts and i felt disappointed with that and ca n't figure out why ? with so many toppings that are offered and the filling that usually goes in the middle is actually on the outside . a little strange but i was willing to try them . i bought two jelly donuts and it came close to $ 5.00 ? very pricey and not so tasty . beautiful clean store helpful staff . need lower pricing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a pretty cool concept . essentially you get to create your own flavor of donut . they have multiple flavors of glazes and toppings that you can combine to make your ultimate masterpiece . everything you get is made in front of you and is hot and fresh ! i only had one , the salted caramel , and it was pretty sweet for my taste . i 'm curious to try other flavors though . we are going again for sure ! very fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disgusting . i took one bite and threw it away . if you 're looking for a donut that smells and tastes like dirty oil from a fryer , this is your place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fresh hot doughnuts and your choice of glaze and toppings ? my kids were in heaven . the guy working could not have been any nicer . son got the carnival , daughter and her friend each customized . the doughnuts are n't huge , but they are served piping hot . they run about $ 5 a doughnut , so it 's not a place to pick up a dozen . we are already looking forward to our next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is super nice and you 're greeted right away . they were very helpful with what flavors to choose . the flavors i got were cookies and cream rocky shores . so delicious even though the donuts are a bit crumbly . but still so good ! there is a variety of flavors to pick from make . i also only paid about $ 3.50 for two donuts . will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointing ! you can smell a funky odor coming from the fryer clear out in the parking lot . it gives off a carnival , old cheap oil , funnel cake odor that is not welcoming . they only serve cake donuts , not yeast donuts , so everything is a variety off the cake donut . my 4 year-old took 1 bite and said , `` i do n't like this . '' i then had my donut , the mint chocolate & thought the same thing . the price was roughly $ 11.50 for 6 donuts , which is a bit on the pricier side for donuts , but i 'm not afraid to spend that for quality . these sadly were very poor quality . i . know . donuts . half my reviews are donut places , fractured prune just did n't do anything for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best doughnuts in vegas ! first time i 've ever seen many of the combinations on the menu . green with envy ( mint chocolate chip ! ) and key lime pie were awesome ! surprisingly great service . i 'll be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had this place this morning . i still do n't understand the name . and i wonder if it would be a good place to grab a dozen donuts . but seriously , some of the best donuts i have had . every donut comes out fresh and made to order . there are a ton of fun pre made combos but also the opportunity to create your own . they are so good though it 's ridiculous . i had the cookies & cream and the french toast donut . so good . definitely check this place out . the price is really affordable too for the quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff & great tasting donuts ! we wanted something sweet and a friend had recommended . nice & clean . the staff will explain the way it works . you can create your own or pick a favorite off their menu . we picked 3 favorites ; cookies & cream , o.c sand but the best was ms . prunella ! ! ! we wil definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! the donuts are made to order and fried in soy oil . i could n't tell the difference . you get to choose the glaze and toppings . simply awesome ! the informative and super nice crew were also a plus to our experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in yesterday with my husband after having lunch at chronic tacos next door . i got the french toast and my husband got the plain jane ... .they were both amazing ! ! ! they just opened up wed so it 's a fresh new business . definitely going back for more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prices are great ! donuts are served hot and fresh and customer service was great as well . shop is small but no need for it to be large , you also get to watch them make the donuts which is pretty cool . a lot of different flavors to choose from . unfortunately i just was n't that thrilled with the donut itself , i do n't know if it was because it was the cake batter , i prefer more of the krispy kreme type dough for my donuts . or if it 's because we bought them the night before and ate them the next morning so they sat there for a little while . not my go-to for a donut but not a terrible experience or taste .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so nice to have hot and fresh , made to order doughnuts , with whatever glaze and toppings your heart desires ! i am partial to the bacon bomb and the oc sands , but really any ingredient is worth trying . the prices are very reasonable , especially compared to other donut shops that imho , are n't nearly as good . in addition , i 'm always greeted with wonderful friendly service . thank you , fractured prune !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just ordered a half dozen donuts , and i must say that i finally found my favorite spot for dessert ! it was delivered by ubereats but it was still so warm when it got to me . i got one of each flavor bacon bomb and salted caramel are the best in my opinion ! ! they even gave a coupon for a free coffee next time i order a whole dozen ! thanks guys ! ! i will be back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best doughnut place i have ever been too . you get to choose from a variety of doughnuts off the menu or you can customize it to your liking . they come out super fast and you can watch them make it fresh before your eyes . my daughter loves this place as do i .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great donuts made fresh to order . there is a slight waiting time but i think it 's worth it to get delicious tasting donuts . the blueberry donut is a must try . it 's not overwhelmingly sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sooooo good and really friendly service i highly recommend ! ! i ended up getting the bacon bomb and the rocky shores . the bacon donut was sort of greasy so it did n't please me as much but the donuts were warm and fresh definitely going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this concept ! i have not seen a diy type donut store , but i love it ! they cook your doughnut ( takes 2 minutes ) then you choose your glaze and up to 2 toppings ! i love the different glaze flavors ! i hope to see their toppings variety grow ( can i suggest a captain crunch topping ! ! ? ) we got the honey glaze with cinnamon sugar , and i created my own - strawberry glaze with vanilla wafer and mini marshmallow toppings . yum . if you like vanilla cake donut , then you will love this place . vanilla cake donuts are not my fav , but donuts still nom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! finally get to enjoy a made to order doughnut and some amazing ice cream right next door to each other . definitely a must in vegas ! and the workers are awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the coffee cake donut which was good but not great , but my boyfriend had the maple bacon donut which was absolutely delicious . the only negative thing i have to say is that if you do n't eat them right away , they will become hard very quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place because the doughnuts are made fresh and warm in front of you ! the staff is pretty friendly too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg i really do n't eat donuts but this place is well worth the travel.. from ll a just to enjoy them .. will visit next time i 'm there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i love fractured prune . the doughnuts are amazing . jessie is pleasant and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small ( ish ) but freshly made -- i 'm not a doughnut fan but i 'd eat one of these every once in a while ; the chocolate one is tasty . though the experience will probably ruin all non-freshly made doughnuts for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in this plaza for rolled ice cream . was about to leave a little disappointed , but fractured prune made the drive from anthem worth our while . everything we ordered was absolutely delicious ! by far the best doughnuts in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the concept of building your own doughnut ! ! and the girl working ( i really wish i would have gotten her name ) was amazing ! she told me about the doughnut she created so after having the cookies and cream one which was amazing ! i tried hers ! cookies and cream with the vanilla wafers ! it was even more amazing ! definite 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy that i walked in ! i could smell the deliciousness before i opened the door . each doughnut is custom made to order - fresh ! my favorite kind of doughnut - cake that is crispy on the outside and tender inside ... and full of flavor . i ordered one with chocolate glaze with sea salt and mini chocolate chips and one with raspberry glaze with mini chocolate chips and graham crackers . by the time i got home , the chips were melted - did i say that i was in chocolate heaven ? ! ? the staff is awesome - who would n't be happy in a donut shop ! ca n't wait to try some more combinations . see you tomorrow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that there is n't a line out the door for these amazing donuts ! the choices are endless and each flavor that i 've tried was delicious . the service is friendly and you can watch them make your creation through the window . i wish that they had more locations in lv ! i 'll definitely be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omgeeee ! ! ! ! why did it take me six months to find this place ! i ordered two `` bacon bomb '' doughnuts and they did not disappoint . loaded with bacon topping and the warm maple glaze made this doughnut incredible . ca n't wait to come and try more ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their customer service is phenomenal ! from the second i walked through the front door i was greeted with a smile from the entire staff . very friendly and informative on how the how doughnut process works . i love how they are made in front of you and the doughnuts are perfect . they have a little crunch to it and are n't obnoxiously sweet . the french toast one is my favorite ! i 'm a fan of a popular chain for doughnuts and after trying this place , i made the switch . this is my new favorite ! keep up being amazing . you guys blew me away !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "donuts made to order . customizable with lots of creative stuff or pick their creations . let me say they are super yum . well above average ( because they 're made to order ) . staff was friendly knowledge and fast . definitely going back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i give them two stars because i used them in the past and they were not bad . well it looks like things are different now ! i waited more than an hour and nobody from this company ever showed up . no courtesy call , no apology , no nothing . i ended up using a different company that showed some respect for their clients .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what an awesome experience . lou was our guide and took great care of us and made sure we had the best experience while on the tour . lou took care of everything and all we had to do was enjoy ourselves . i would highly recommend this tour and definitely request lou as your guide . thanks lou for the great tour !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "organizational skills need improvement as we were not picked up on time from out hotel despite confirming ahead of time multiple times and the contact phone was not answering either . i would recommend renting a car for a day and doing a tour on your own . there is a one way road through this red rock park and that would be more convenient and cost effective .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well worth the trip made our 1st visit so much better we got to get away from the strip and enjoy some very scenic and beautiful views . our tour guide luis was very enjoyable and very knowledgeable on the areas we visited . hope to book future tours with las vegas red rock tours . very well recommended to anyone who is looking to tour red rock canyon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took a chance on red rock tours , and were quite pleased with the outcome . our guide , lou , picked us up from the hard rock and away we went ! i had no idea sin city was so close to such picturesque country ! we saw beautiful sights , some really cool ancient drawings , and even a little wildlife . lou was knowledgable and made our experience well worth it ; very accommodating for our last minute booking . would go again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trip was such a great experience . we had such a knowledgeable tour guide that showed us a completely different side of vegas . i would definitely recommend this tour as a daytime activity . jr and steve took us to so many hidden spots that we would have never found on our own . thanks again guys for such a great afternoon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seriously ca n't believe what just happened here . the bartender , christie , was so sweet & we were having a great time celebrating our friends birthday . the ignorant owner came out and started screaming at my friends about leaving a negative yelp review . i seriously can not believe the audacity of this man . we were the only six people in your bar and you kicked us all out ? i 'm in awe . you have great beers but i will absolutely never ever be back . you lost money & patrons . only two stars because the bartender truly looked apologetic after the horrible owner laughed about kicking my friend out on her bday and calling her an ass . the worst management i have ever come in contact with .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this dive bar rocks ! great bartender 's with personality ! great drink specials ! tv 's ! i go here by myself it is so cool..do n't anyone but my stool and beer to have a good time ! is dark in there i love it ! el taco fresco taco shop is connected by an adjoining door , order food and they will bring it to you at the bar . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "smoky , dirty , old , tiny bathrooms , what more can you ask for ? its like double down , but without the assjuice . although they do have half yards ... i like little dive bars like this . much more character than your standard locals bar . they also have a shuffleboard table , which is surprisingly hard to find in this town . live music on certain nights , with fun local bands . the bartenders are all great , and very friendly . i think the only downside for some might be the fact that they only have a beer and wine license , so if you want hard alcohol , go somewhere else , ... i 'm sure theres a pt 's close by ... probably 6 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why is this the best bar in vegas ? they have the most diverse beer selection i 've ever seen . it 's most likely the only bar in town that serves goose island beer on draft , and they have three of them ! sofie is the best , with matilda a close second . this place is not gross like divebar and double down ( not that i do n't like double down , but i do n't want to use their bathrooms ever ) . they have awesome mexican and american food right next door , actually attached to the bar . you can order at the window and they 'll bring your food to the bar . the carne asada and chicken tacos ca n't be beat . the fries are really good too , and bonus , they come in handy if you 've had a bit too much to drink . bartenders are all awesome , as is stan , the owner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "money plays is a bit of a vegas institution having been around for over 20 years . a lot of people know it as a gaming bar in a strip mall on flamingo just east of decatur . however , within the last 8 months or so it has become a craft beer destination , in the manner of aces and ales and the freakin ' frog . if you 're a beer nerd or you 're just looking for someplace cool to hang , this is the place . they have several great draft beers and even more bottles . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable ; especially nick and they 're all very good about helping you find a beer that 's right for you . the bar also features video poker , a shuffle board table , a juke box & live music on the weekends . also , the food at el taco feliz next door is reasonably priced and delicious and they 'll bring it to you in the bar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good drinks good music good food i always have a good time when i 'm here and their friday open mic nights with half off drinks for the ladies is always a plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a freakin frog regular , but got tired of the stuffy attitudes . i really missed the beer list , though , and yardhouse does n't come close . most yardhouse beer servers could n't tell the difference from a westvleteren and a bud light wheat . but money plays is unpretentious , boasts a frog-like beer list because they poached one of the best beergeeks ( a compliment ) ever to pour for mr. c. , the prices are just right and the staff is helpful and knowledgeable . if you live on the west side of vegas like me , it 's easier to get to . the interior is nothing to boast about but after a couple of belgians it wo n't make a bit of difference . cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great beer selection for a small dive bar . they have over 20 beers on tap which is very impressive . it was clean ( a good quality for a dive bar ) and the staff was nice . you can also get food from the mexican place next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to money plays for quite some time . i always make this my go to bar for an ice cold beer and a relaxed friendly atmosphere . mike and stan are great , the music is great , the machines are hot , the people are friendly , and the beers are ice cold with a very big selection ! ! keep up the good work guys ! ! oops ! let 's not forget that they now serve their own hookahs , and have a variety of favors . ( very tasty , and relaxing ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seedy bar.. music nightly . beer list great . but they need better liquor to bring in the gash . premium blend liquor does n't cut it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place started out rough . . . the guinness keg needed to be changed out . . . but the bartender made it up . . . two 3 4 full mugs for the price of one . . . nice save . the whiskey and coke was proportioned just right . . . not a single shot . . . and not over poured . . . just perfectly poured . . . about a shot an a half . she mentioned that we could order food from next door . . . but we were not hungry at the time . . . only thirsty . . . and since it tasted so good , we deviated from our rule and had three drinks . since this place was so good during the day . . . i 'm betting that it is even better at night . . . with that said . . . it is definitely on my return trip list .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the beer selection is unique and delicious , but the service sucks . just moved into the area tried to find a new local joint and tried this place a few times . could n't get the time of day from bartenders on multiple occasions . go to pt ' s if you 're looking for something in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this bar ! i do n't go out much but when i do this is the place ! great atmosphere live music and the owners stan and rhea are awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very few bars in vegas are this dirty and still so much fun . mike rocks behind the bar always rooting for his penguins . they offer a lot of fun for alcoholics , gamblers and sports enthusiasts . along with some things most bars dont have like shuffle board , live music , an arcade game and a `` fun '' juke box . el taco fresco is the taco shop attached to their bar which will soon become your best friend . and if you see stan the owner of moneyplays tell him thanks for always keepin it real .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far my favorite bar in vegas , awesome environment , super cool bartenders , great prices , and live music . go check it out , especially thursday and friday nights , open mic , comedy , you ca n't have a better time for the price , also great machines , very friendly gaming , you 'll thank me later", "score": "5"}
{"review": "money plays ftw . this neighborhood bar has one of the best beer menus in las vegas . the menu is delightfully curated by true beer snobs who know their stuff . the selection is always diverse , and they occasionally have specials ( on my last visit they had a ballast point tap takeover ) . the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the beer that they are serving . the prices for the beer are very fair , and competitive with the other few craft beer bars in town . they also have a couple gaming ( non-gambling ) machines and a table top shuffleboard . the only thing stopping me from 5 stars is that it is one of the smokiest bars i 've been to in las vegas . as a non-smoker , i do n't enjoy smelling like i smoked 5 packs . however , because of the great staff and the beer selection , i will keep going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : for 7 years , i have been calling stan , vincent ... and every time , he laughs and corrects me . this may make me sound ignorant , but i swear , i have been consistently calling this guy the same , incorrect name , since the week i moved to vegas : ) sorry stan ! i love you and all the work you do . please accept my apology and continue to operate a fantastic establishment ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here on thursdays for open mic night . great entertainment . great staff . great friendly atmosphere . love it and will be back . the only bad thing is that after happy hour prices go up and drink sizes go down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided tonight to give it a second chance.. was hesitant to walk in after our last experience but mike made it better ! dude this place is the bees knees.. we walked in , mike greeted us like a long lost friend and poured us some of their new amazing pumpkin beers ! ok.. so the last guy clint put a sour taste in our mouths.. but apparently he kicked rocks and money plays is back to the intimate local hidden beer gem that i always ran to . thank you mike and thank you stan for raising your standards ! we love you and were back to being your loyal bar friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously one of the coolest , chilliest bars to go with good music and good people . my favorite after work bar , on occasion really good live music", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the bartender mike made us feel comfortable immediately . it 's a very mellow bar , very diverse it 's fun for all . they have a taco place next door that will bring your food order over to you . games and jukebox if you 're close by this is a must stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tenesha is the best , i have been coming here from west hollywood for two years and i do n't like vegas especially he nightlife , but however tenesha at the money plays has proven me wrong and i frequently come to the money plays only when she works which is own by stan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was craving some bbq and took my mom here . the menu looked like it had great potential and our mouths watered from the variety of offerings . the biscuits were a bit heavy , but were tasty . we split a two-meat combo . it was massive ! ! we ordered the beef and the st. louis ribs . both were on the tough side . i had to ask the server if it was st. louis or baby back ribs on the plate - because there was hardly any meat on it ! i was told st. louis , but i swear they tasted like baby backs ! we also did n't care for the mashed sweet potatoes - it tasted like baby food . we did order the apple pie and it was generous and tasted good . overall , it looks like it 's great for gorups , has big food and drink servings , but fell short in taste and authenticity . if i were to choose to go to a bbq restaurant chain , i would go to a tony roma 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not what i call bbq . very commercial . being from texas i prefer smoked meat that is not cooked with the sauce on it . i prefer to choose sauce or no sauce . probably ok for the casal diner if you are picky about real bbq . keep looking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing is better than bbq , i mean nothing ! this place is just too busy at times . if you have the patience , wait . the bbq is worth the wait . i usually do n't eat french fries , but i devoured these .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we made a reservation for a large group at least a couple hours in advance . when we arrived it did n't seem like your typical over crowded lucille 's so our guess was we were going to be seated right away , not . we waited for a good :30-:45 minutes before we were seated . mind you our whole party was already there . i say that because some places wo n't seat you unless your whole party has arrived . once being seated everything returned to lucille 's normal . waitresses were bringing us alcoholic drinks , bread ( w their mouth watering apple butter ) water , making sure we were accommodated until we were ready to order . one of the platters we ordered were the beef ribs . i do n't know if i was that hungry or what , but i felt like i could just keep eating them and not get full . they were soooo good ! i added some of their spicy bbq sauce to them and it topped it off . i left there very pleased and so was my tummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! great biscuits to start , drinks in mason jars , staff is friendly , and the food is good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my review would be 2.5 but that seems unfair since my side of greens was good . that 's where it ends for `` good '' . baby back ribs were tough and did n't fall off the bone . rather boring actually . fancy smoker does not equal the love that is needed to make good bbq . rolls , - ok , fried tomatoes - ok , fried pickles - ok , everything needed sauce for flavor . waitress was good but the food took forever to arrive and was n't hot , barely warm upon arrival . it 's a chain restaurant ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't believe i 've never had this place before but , in pregnancy , my appetite and taste buds bring me to uncharted territory . i loved ( most of ) the food here . the biscuits and sweet butter fulfilled cravings i did n't even know i had . the barbecue chicken sandwich ( complete with onion straws ) was amazing . the corn on the cob was nothing spectacular . the service was great . they use a sort of team approach so you can get anything you need from anyone who happens to be walking by . multiple people checked on us , cleared dirty plates , and filled our drinks . we were impressed . i have a feeling a craving will hit for some barbecue very soon and i 'll return here often !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had an unforgettable experience at lucille 's last night . had over 100 kids and parents from sjhhs lacrosse for dinner . the staff was very attentive , friendly , fun and professional . love the biscuits with sweet butter , brisket , ribs and more . we also celebrated coach albert 's 40th birthday ! thank you ! .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was soon good . i got the half chicken with rib tips and sausage . had a baked potato and mac and cheese as the sides . the flavors where phenomenal . also the service was great . i actually had left my credit card there and they held on to it till i was able to come back and get it . overall great experience with the food and service : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best lucille 's anywhere ! ! from cali and been to many lucille 's but this location tops the cake ! ! thanks henderson team ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a really fun trip into southern food and decor . the food is good but not great . it 's has that mass produced feel about it . i always leave a little disappointed . it 's also very expensive . definitely worth a visit but you will have a wait a key times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lucille 's is one of the best places in henderson . pulled pork sandwich is my go-to dish . add some iced tea and some of that apple butter on a biscuit & i 'm stuffed ! good portion sizes . if you order the full slab of ribs , you will spend some dough , but all this bbq is really good . worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really love the fact they have beef ribs ! bad news , they are not edable . sickeningly sweet with zero smokey bbq flavor . there is no balance here at all . if i want candied meat , i 'll pick up chinese meat jerky . this is not bbq ! after 1 rib , just had to dump the rest . clearly designed to get junior to eat his meal , by candy coating it . not giving 1 star since the collards were decent and the baked beans had good flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to have dinner today and my family and i had no problems . my rating has moved from 3 to 4 . keep it up lucille 's and you 'll have 5 from me in no time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything about this place reminds you of a small town bbq places in the south . mason jars for drinking glasses , the decorations , and the smell . you know you walked into a good bbq place by the smell ! ! ! ! everything i have had so far on the menu is delicious ! ! ! from the biscuts and cinnamon butter , to the fried pickles , to the entrees , and dessert ! the only complaint i have is that it is a bit of a drive for me but well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i have eaten my fair share of southern bbq in tn and this place does a great job of replicating the experience . the food is delicious , the drinks list is awesome , nice atmosphere , and great customer service ! the last time i went in there , my boyfriend and i were there for a special occasion , the staff asked why we were dressed up and they surprised him with an icecream sunday and congratulations after we finished our meal . they were super friendly and very attentive . all in all a very pleasant dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i judge a bbq place by a couple of menu items . first , hot links . lucille 's are not good . they 're not hot and they 're kinda mealy . second , beans . lucille 's beans have too many other things in them . big chunks of undercooked veggies . not good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had another great meal here . ribs are the best . tender and plentiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place and very responsive to yelp . i really appreciate that . bradley h. is on top of his game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the appetizer sampler was really good . it was great to have okra after a long day of work . the best part though , was the beef bbq tips . they were just the right amount of smoky , and were so very tender . the greens were good , and i found i really liked their sweet potatoe fries , just the right amount of sweet and savoury . i would definitely recommend it again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing bbq place . their biscuit is amazing , unlimited refill . place is big , reservation is a good idea unless you want to wait for 40 min . experience was different for different servers . ill ask for art next time . brisket is amazing , chicken is so soft , and pork are great . anything you order , it will be good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best barbecue restaurants i 've been to . we always leave stuffed . the brisket and pulled pork sandwich are awesome . the dinner rolls at are out of this world as well . served with a cinnamon butter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is great . deep fried pickles are awesome , brisket and portobello mushroom sandwich is another good choice . make sure to save room for their bread pudding . service was terrible in bar , i normally eat in dining area but it was sunday so i wanted to watch football , never again seemed like it was a bother for the bartender to have to wait on me . i had to ask for silverware and condiments , only as i was putting on my coat was i offered a refill on my tea . the food is great but eat in the dining room .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ... i am impressed ! i am very very picky about my ribs ... i have yet to find any that are as good as mine ... .except today ! the baby backs are excellent ! ! ! i also had a side of mac and cheese and it was also very high on my pickiness list ... . this is only the second restaurant to get my nod on that as well ! ! i love me a great gumbo soup ... this was either tied with the best or it is the best gumbo that i have ever had ... . flippin ' home run lucille 's ... definitely on my list of new favorites ! ! ! thanks and we will see you again ... soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with the child i nanny for and he loved it ! he was pleased with the sauce and i was pleased with the service . they attended to everything we needed ! even when we asked if we could have a plate full of mint leaves ! the spinach artichoke dip was a bit boring and basic . the biscuits and butter was amazing ! the butter is sweet and had some cinnamon in it . it was an overall great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in without expectation ... during lunch and ordered their sampler entree that had everything from bbq chicken , st. louis ribs bbq ribs , spicy hot links ... .etc . with garlic mash , and traditional cole slaw . yummie ! if you are craving for some ribs and bbq def ' a place that will takecare of your cravings ... .yum yum ! ! ! will go back again ! : ) plus loved their 3 different dipping sauce !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : we went back and tried it a second time and it was better this time . i had the texas brisket sandwich and the boyfriend had the pull pork . was n't too sweet this time ! the service and lemonade was still top notch ! : ) our first time here and being that i 'm from the south ( ms ) , i say it was okay . more like an everyday chain restaurant to me . everything was extremely sweet in my opinion - the braised greens needed vinegar , coleslaw was okay , the potato salad had no flavor at all , baby back ribs were tender but could use a bit more flavor and the corn bread was very very sweet and tasted more like a pound cake than cornbread . however , the strawberry lemonade was thebombdotcom and they give you hot towels after your dinner which is a . our waitress was savannah and she was super sweet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered the $ 32 dinner special for two which was a really great bargain for what we got . the apple butter was amazing on the biscuit . the brisket i chose was n't the best but the fatty portions were sure tasty = ) for dessert we got the banana pudding which had a nilla wafer on top and a hidden one underneath . make sure you find the hidden one !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was quick , workers were courteous , food was awesome ... loved the fried pickles ... we had the meal for 10 and it was a lot ... the mac and cheese was very creamy and tasty ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to lucille 's to get some bbq and loved their briscuit . probably one of the best i have ever had and the staff was terrific .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not quite my taste for texas brisket considering i 'm fromtexas . but great memphis pulled pork . sauce is bomb diggity no doubt . love the location too in green valley . definitely a nice spot to get your fat on . awesome place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great authentic barbecue . nice portions and lunch specials are great ! can get pricey at dinner but worth it ! we 've been in a few times in the past few weeks and we were always pleased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were seated quickly and promptly asked our choice of beverage . as this was our first time visiting this establishment we took our time looking at the menu . we ordered a the original pulled pork sandwich and the back porch which came with chicken , baby back ribs and tri tip . the pulled pork sandwich was half pulled pork , half fat . in the end it had good flavor . the back porch was a mix of thoughts . the chicken was delicious . the tri tip was average . the baby back ribs were extremely dry . honestly for $ 60 i would not recommend this place . food was just not what was expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's becoming our family 's favorite place & recently it 's our go to restaurant when we want to eat out . beef ribs are delish & everything else we 've tried so far has been tasty & prepared to perfection", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was perfect and a great find . had a drink at the bar and the bartender said the bbq combos was great for a first timer . i decided to just get the two meat combo . beef ribs , brisket , cheesy grits , and honey peanut slaw covered the plate . three ribs were so tender and meaty . brisket melted in my mouth . the smoke is good here and i would definitely return . no need for an appetizer or dessert . the biscuits and apple butter act as both . to be totally honest , what you want is on the dinner plate . only wish i had tried more choices . guess i 'll have to next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite bbq joints to go to . usually get a platter but the mardi gras chicken is also a go to . the fried pickles are good too . service and food are pretty consistent . has n't been perfect every time but you ca n't expect perfection 100 % of the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one restaurant where we know we will always have a great meal . the ribs are so tender and delicious , the lemonade is refreshing and the apple butter and biscuits are oh so good . hands down one of my favorite restaurants . we had our rehearsal dinner here and it is a great place for large groups ! everyone enjoyed themselves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool atmosphere , very southern bbq style . however we got seated only to realize that you could n't order happy hour drinks or appetizers in the restaurant , only in the bar area ( weird ) . so we relocated and sat in the bar instead . biscuits and apple butter was amazing . bbq chicken salad was delicious and came with onion rings as well . service was super fast for drinks and food and they ended the night with a hot hand towel ( fancy ! ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great experience here so i figured i 'd set up the page . impeccably clean , great location , choice accomodations , like a bed and breakfast but you get crepes downstairs at the cafe or make your own ( each suite has a kitchen , and the grocery next door is open until midnight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ditto what ian said . i have a full review on trip adviser but yea this place is super clean , friendly and safe . great location and the grocery store is 2 doors down . we went on a living social deal making it affordable . free wifi , tons of closet space and a decent bathroom shower . the bed was very comfy . i had no trouble sleeping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little ( eight-room ) hotel is in a great location and set up nicely . the bed is comfortable . the in-room kitchen is very nice . i have a cool little balcony with a table and chair . amenities : front desk staff is very helpful , free wifi , free calls to the us and canada , shopping and cafes are very close , place des arts metro station is nearby . quirks : no elevator , shower is on the small side , hot water may take several minutes depending on the time of day you use it . i do n't have a car here so i ca n't comment on the parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , comfy , and great location . we were just visiting for a night but so happy to be able to be in central location and walk all over and have car parked at hotel- close to mcgill , latin quarter , st. laurent , etc . staff very sweet . someone is always close but may not be at the front desk so best to arrive at time you indicate you will check-in . we were a little early and had to call . you can park in front of hotel while you check in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great flexible staff . checked us in at almost 2 am via a hoteltonight booking after calling them awake , after an airbnb failed us . comfortable rooms , well equipped too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel has 8 rooms . i booked using hotwire and got a great deal . check in was no hassle . the front desk attendant was very courteous and showed me two different rooms . one i had actually booked and a different room which i could upgrade to for $ 20 night . i was out and about during the day and so only used the room for sleeping at night . it 's a great place to sleep ... very quiet . and if you get munchies during the night there are plenty of options across the street and a 24 7 convenience store to the right of the hotel . i would recommend this place for a drama free , no hassle experience in downtown montreal east .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barry came over to my house and did an incredible job . i have to admit i was a bit skeptical about `` dry carpet cleaning , '' but let me tell you , this is the real deal . not only did everything come out of my carpets ( we have a new puppy ) , it smells great , there are no visible stains , and we can walk on it immediately . take it from me ... this is the way to go . period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was incredible to work with ! barry and his team were super professional , affordable , on time , amd efficient with their time management while in my house . i would highly reccomend using this company for your carpet cleaning needs . thank you to barry and bob !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were awesome and got the job done in no time . plus it took less than an hour for us to be able to walk on the carpet again . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really have nothing good to say about this hospital . over the years i have had a lot of friends and family suffer through their neglect of common sterilization practices and incompetent staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently visited friend , who had a hip replaced at st. margaret 's . as a visitor , i would not normally add my two cents to review , but i must ! i was there for two hours and in that time there were some pretty amazing healthcare professionals popping in , inquiring on comfort levels , explaining how the surgery went from various viewpoints , giving detailed expectations of the healing process and generally reassuring friend that nothing was amiss and the healing process was well underway . i 'll say it was - every member of the staff seemed to be genuinely invested in friend 's happy , calm and worry-free recovery ! other areas : parking was easy and clearly marked . the facility is certainly not sprawling , but the hall markers were easy to follow . way to go , st. margaret 's -- thanks for the great care . - i am now a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i enter a health care facility that is not in minnesota or wisconsin i am quickly reminded just how darn lucky we are to have top notch medical facilities where we live . i think the staff and physicians are competent and the waiting area with the library and garden are super nice . the rooms themselves are small and dark and i just think they could use a little face lift in the way of a fresh coat of paint and some upgraded more comfortable chairs for family that have to stay the night . they also do n't have any lounges on the floors for family to sit with patient outside of their room without leaving the floor . they are super tight with a locked kitchen on the floor too so you can not just grab your family member getting care a jello or juice or something like other hospitals i have been too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have came here before to the er and to just get blood work done . i have to say that my blood work and other lab tests went by very smoothly and the nurse was great at talking my blood without leaving a bruise or really hurting me . however , my er experience was a little less comfortable . i was n't a fan of my first nurse as he was a little rough with my veins . i had a pretty sizable bruise the remaining of the week . the doctor was nice and understanding and gave me fluids nausea meds through iv immediately . it was a bit of a wait after my first bag of fluids had been finished , but luckily i had my best friend and boyfriend there to keep me company . overall i think the er was a little slow , but it 's understandable if they were busy and understaffed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please do yourself a favor and look at the healthgrades rating of st. margaret 's before you go there ! st. margaret 's hospital was extremely disappointing . my husband took me to the emergency room there and we could n't believe how rude the staff was . we thought it would be a competent hospital since part of upmc . it was so not . i gave the nurse my diagnosis -from a upmc doctor- and she then asked me how to spell it . then my husband asked the nurse about my pulse oxygen monitor going off repeatedly , so she just pulled it and said i did n't need it -even though i am on oxygen and it kept dipping really low . we ended up leaving and going to another er where i received very good care . the nurse and dr. were rude at st. margaret .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean , friendly , great patient care . medical arts building has a wide variety of both primary care and specialists all under one roof .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not a complaint about the hospital itself our the doctors . the doctors are great . my complaint is the nursing staff . and this is based on three experiences . they are rude . they act as if you are making them go out of their way and not like it 's their job . my mom need to use the rest room she hit the button and 20 minutes later still no one . so i went out to find someone and told the nurse who gave me attitude . you can claim all you want to the supervisor but nothing gets done . it 's almost getting to the point where they expect to be paid for doing nothing . it 's sad really .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "upon seeking the care of one hematologist , in particular , i am much happier with the service . dr. giorgiadis for the win .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "owner scratched my car with her door and drove off ... i asked for a discount on my two dogs just for avalanche on my damages . she denied.i never returned ... she has a daughter and husband and i understand they were busy when it happened ? but if i would 've scratched her vehicle , i bet she would n't have just let it go ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and not only did my dog kaipo love it ... so did i . the staff was so friendly and and very helpful . i really love the set up and i totally recommend this self dog wash to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is obviously fairly new and doesnt have the star reviews that it deserves . as a particularly picky parent to our lil shitzu maltese we have seen some less than impressive places . that being said , we were very impressed with the cleanliness of the facility , it was bright fresh and spotless , the equipment wasnt the cold stainless steel wash tubs , they had matts and all the extras to have our lil girl feeling as comfortable as she could ( being that she hates baths ) , the products were top of the line and had her smelling fresh and clean till her next bath with a variety of options for those with sensitive skin or you prefer all natural , the staff was friendly knowledgable and attentive . i have to say we were truly impressed ( which takes alot ) , and will continue to come back , the experience had us so impressed that we will bring her back to be groomed by the team in the salon ... ... definitely a 5 star experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been looking for a groomer for over a year . i have a beautiful and super friendly collie retriever , and just got a aussie husky puppy . i have been to a few groomers in town and although the my collie girl always looked good i never felt the love from the groomer like i did from the ladies here . my puppy girls were not skittish when i picked them up like i had experienced before . not only do they really love animals here , they have really impressed me with their attention to detail when handling my new and older pups . they got some super small stickers out of my puppy 's backside they trimmed the paw hair and leg hair on my collie . they both look so fantastic i am extremely happy with the outcome . reagan comes so highly recommended and i will definitely be bringing my business back to these wonderful ladies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the idea of self serve . it cheaper plus my gabi does n't need that much trimming anyway . the owners are very helpful and nice . but maybe they can add more soap to it cause it takes awhile awhile for that bubbly feel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . we bring all 3 of our dogs in for self wash and they are wonderful . the owners are very nice and very helpful . our st. bernard and 2 lab mix puppies do very well in a relaxed setting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i went here to bring my dog for a wash , the lady was very helpful and walked me through and showed me what i needed . my dog is a chowchow and he sheds so much , and they did n't mind the fact that my dogs ' fur was everywhere after drying him . the washing station was clean and well designed for washing but not so great for blow drying your dog . your dog might have a tendency to hide in the corner . but that 's just up to your dog , my dog just hates being washed so he tries hard to avoid it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say each time i go into this self dog wash i am more impressed . the people are nice , the place is soooooooo clean ! they have 2 groomers that know what they are doing - i see them clean the tubs between each client ! fantastic - tell all your friends -", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called yesterday to make an appointment for a full groom . we had scheduled the appointment at 10am the very next day . i show up about 5-10 minutes early and when i arrive i am told that there are 2 dogs ahead and it would take 3 hours before they get to my dog . i felt that scheduling the appointment was completely useless and the fact that i wasted my time driving over there when they could of at least notified me over the phone ahead of time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love taking angel here . everybody here already knows him . which i hope is a good thing . i will always take angel here . they accepted angel from the first time i walked in . and they do there best to schedule me in last last minute which great for me cause of school and work . they do n't even mind that angel is n't too good being groomed . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my lily hates nail trims but their groomer aly is her friend and makes her feel comfortable during the process . the self-wash is amazing and i have never met owners before that actually care about their clients and not just getting paid . i just got a new pug luna and plan to bring her in very soon for a nail trim and bath ! thanks a happy dog wash for being the best grooming service in town for our canine kids ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! ! the owners were very friendly and helpful . great price for self wash . i could n't have been more pleased . i brought my larger dog because i ca n't bathe her at home like i do my small dog , but this place was so great , i 'll be bringing both my dogs from now on ! no more mess at home to clean up . : - ) thank you for making it a great experience for me and my old dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and absolutely loved it ! i came to do the self wash . the 2 ladies were so nice and helpful . only $ 14 to wash my big dog . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . much cheaper than taking my dog to a groomer and also keeps my bathroom clean . owners are very nice and helpful . i brought my own shampoo and conditioner , so i can not comment on there 's but each stations does have towels and a blow dryer which is very convenient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , they were constantly making sure i had whatever i needed while cleaning my dog.. super nice to my large dog , when others are usually afraid of him . clean place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am new in town and i took my dog here for a wash ! this place was great ! i loved it and will be going back ! ! ! the cost was reasonable , only $ 12- $ 14 for a self wash and they they supply everything but the dog ! ! ! ! it made bathing my dog stress free ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my `` girlie girls '' in for a cleaning today , what a nice experience ! the owners are wonderful people and the location is perfect right in the center of town . ... thank you everyone at a happy dog wash .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "karolina and her assistant treated my furbabies ( two yorkies ) like royalty . they came home looking , feeling , and smelling fabulous ! every dog there was talked to in a kind and loving manner . they were gentle and very careful with each little furry customer . the assistant even told me she tests the facial cleansing products on her own eyes to be sure they wo n't sting . that 's pretty awesome ! she offered information on where i could get some for home for cleaning around the eyes . the owner at the front desk was very welcoming and friendly . price was right . the 30 minute drive from my home was worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i foster dogs for las vegas valley humane society.when we take in fosters they are usually pretty dirty.i stopped in to the happy dog wash to see how it worked for the self service , the two ladies in there were so nice , they showed me how to run everything the soap and conditioners work like a car wash.1,2,3,4 all different soap and conditioners come right out of the hose , plus they have concentrate in dispensers so you can scrub in a little extra to suds the dogs up.nice tub , with removable ramp , and riser for small dogs.they provide everything soap , conditioner , towels , dryer , apron , ... all you need to do is show up with your dog.you will not be disappointed . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible place and horrible groomers ! ! i have been taking my dog here for the past year and each time was fine ... until now ! we made an appointment for first thing in the morning and when we got there , they had taken another dog in and our wait was over an hour after our scheduled appointment ! ! they had my dog hooked up in the back and he was choking himself to reach the water dish and the groomer said `` oh , he 's fine . '' never have i heard my dog cry , until today ! ! i will never bring my dog back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my ole ' english bulldog ( buttacup ) was happy here ... the staff was really nice & helpful ! i love that all i have to do is bring my dog & they have everything there for me to use , shampoo , conditioner , dyer , towels , water , etc ... . my baby left smelling good ... will go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "karolina is an amazing groomer ... expert with yorkie cuts . reasonable price and exceptional care . ..would n't take anywhere else ... she treats your furbaby like it 's her own . shop is clean n staff is friendly . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't come back again they charged me 45 dollars they cut badly my dog \u200b\u200bhair and fingernails left very scratchy them do not know how yo cut the dogs hair they are very friendly but what is point if they do not know how you cut their hair dogs no vuelvo a regresar hay me cobraron 45 d\u00f3lares y le cortaron muy mal el cabello a mi perrita las u\u00f1as se las dejaron muy rasposas mi perrita tiene muy mal el poco cabello que le quedo pesados m\u00e1s largos y otros cortos son amables pero cu\u00e1l es el punto si no saben cortarles el cabello a los perros", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there today for the first time . the atmosphere was great and the staff was so knowledgable about dogs , their health , and how to best care for them ! i used the self-wash for my dog ( which is a large breed ) and he did very well . i will definitely be back and i am going to start using a health supplement they recommended for my dog . great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does anyone know where the groomers kimmie & byron might have moved onto ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in as a walk in , as my cousin got her dogs into the tub to do self dog wash , i was able to have my dog get her anal glands express.. go early when they open to not have to wait to long ... the front desk help seem to be helpful , on getting you set up for a wash , providing apron , shampoos , towel , etc ... prices are reasonable , too ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware-we had our standard poodle groomed here for years by allie , star and kara ? ? regan sold the business recently . we took in the poodle for grooming and were told by the new owner that theresa returned and was the best with a standard poodle . they had katrina do the grooming instead even though theresa was there . she does not speak english very well . we told them to leave his ear fringe long since it has been growing for 5 years and were beautiful . they cut 6 '' of fringe off the ears.the legs were to be scissored trimmed . they totally stripped , hacked and butchered the coat on the entire dog . he had a big topknot and it is so short that he looks like a pup , there is almost no hair on the saddle and they never told us they would remove 70 % of the ear fringe and strip the coat . avoid if you know what is good for you and your pet . i would give a minus 10 if it was a choice . there is a communication issue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful experience when i took my 'boy ' for a wash there last week . the owners are wonderful . very helpful to me as i was self washing the dog . the place was spotless ! i will definitely taking dexter back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super nice super clean bummer there was no nail cutting station . but the staff was very accommodating with our big boy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff , clean facility , self wash made easy with everything provided , all for a reasonable price of $ 10 on tuesdays or $ 15 for the rest of the week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cute , clean place ... my dog was much more tolerant taking a bath here than at some other self service doggie washes we have tried ... the soap system they have is a great idea but one criticism - it does n't let out enough soap with the water , so we ended up just pumping the doggie shampoo in our hands..which they also have right at the tub , so that was great . price is cheaper than any other doggie wash in vegas and its fast , convenient , and there was no wait . the owner was very helpful explaining how to work the soap system . oh , one other thing , you could not change the water temp , it seemed a little on the cold side , but my dog did n't seem too bothered , other than that we had a great experience and will be back . self wash - $ 11 - $ 5 for $ 10 yelp deal = a steal for me : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "star did a great , great job on my 12 yr coocapoo ! i was able to get in and out quickly which is my preference since he has separation anxiety . ... or maybe i do ! he looks great , i could n't be happier ! we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bring my dog ( border collie ) in frequently and i am never disappointed with the excellent service . i use both services offered - the self serve dog wash as well as getting my fur baby professionally groomed . mallie is always warmly greeted and i know she is in good hands . everyone there is wonderfully helpful and professional . they understand and appreciate the temperament of each breed of dog . i highly recommend this grooming salon ! thank you kurt , reagan and star ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i have gotten a divorce it is hard to bath my 2 , 110 pound chocolate labs . i took them to happy dog wash and the guy working in there was so nice . if he had n't helped me i would have never been able to handle my own dogs . they have a service where they wash your dog ( s ) as well , but he helped me with out charging me for a groomers wash. my dogs even pinched his fingers in their leashes twice ! it 's a great place with everything you need to wash your doggies and dry them as well ! worth every dollar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had got in late on a thursday night and the main restaurant was closed ( hudson room ) but we went to cruisers bar and grill . the bartenders were great and the food was awesome . my husband and i shared the mac n cheese . it was awesome , and so was the side salad . i would recommend eating at this place regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sitting at the table right now . have not even received the food and already have awful service . the bartenders do not care about customer service and one already told off a customer at the bar just for trying to order . too bad this is the only thing attached to the hotel and only place for a few miles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent menu selection , but way over priced for what it is . much better food can be found for much better prices within 5 to 10 minutes of the hotel ( in which it is located ) . the ambiance is something like a dive bar . you can get much better bang for your buck elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "glad to see they remained open . we had the ribs and the spinach and chicken mac and cheese with tossed salad . the food was excellent and the prices were right for the quantity received . bar tender was very friendly and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm usually very weary of hotel restaurants . typically populated by the local bar fly trolling for the unexpecting female business traveler . this was a very pleasant surprise to the contrary . i was quickly greeted by a very pleasant bartender asking if i would like something to drink . the beer was fresh , very cold and served in a spotless pint glass . i ordered the reuben & fries which i was impressed by . a reuben is one of my typical sandwich orders when i travel ... i 've ordered hundreds of these during the past twenty years of business travel and i have to say this was better ... .much better than the norm . the fries seemed to be fresh cut and double fried . very nice flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a gourmet restaurant , but nice enough to chill with some food and drinks . the servers are overall nice and efficient , even when it 's just one waitress running the place on sunday night . the place is dark and kind of divvy , but we have a good time every year while at the various local film festivals . saturday night the dj is for sure a small town dj , and the music is so loud that we all end up in the hotel lobby . every so often , you order something from the menu and you get a slightly different thing , but overall it 'll get you going for a few hours . the mac and cheese is probably the best thing in the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location , wish the store was bigger though . the staff is friendly and konwledgeable . parking is free and easy accessible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're thinking about trying a class , just do it ! i love kickboxing has exceeded my expectations ! the instructors are very encouraging and the atmosphere is friendly and fun . there is not a specific `` type '' of person who works out here , everybody is a different shape and size . the instructors do a fantastic job at keeping the workouts convenient for all fitness levels . my body has become noticeably stronger after only 4 classes . during class # 1 , i had a hard time doing 1 push-up ( yes , o-n-e ! ! ! ! ) . by my 4th class , i was doing push-ups without hesitation . and do n't even get me started on my kicks ... ( in a good way ) ! never in a million years , did i think i 'd love kickboxing so much . the classes at i love kickboxing really teach you what you 're made of and leave you wanting more , all while feeling accomplished and proud of yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad my sister-in-law made me sign up ! i have gone two days and love the feeling after each class ! the staff are all friendly and push you hard to ensure your getting the max of your work outs ! i love how it is a great way to lose weight and relieve stress ! i signed for the unlimited membership and have no regrets doing it ! i can not wait to get into a scheduled routine of going hopefully 3-4 days a week ! now working on getting my friends to join ! ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my new addiction . the whole staff is friendly and encouraging . the workout is always different and challenging but you never feel like you ca n't accomplish the moves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love going to this gym ! ! first i was hesitate since i 've never done it before but the instructors and staff here are amazing ! they welcomed me with open arms ! literally showed me the how to by having one on ones so i can get the form right ! thanks kristen and carlin ! the workouts here are different everyday and you work out your whole body ! it 's fun and you definitely will feel the soreness the next day ! everyone is encouraging and you feel a part of a family ! i already recommended this gym to several of my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid at all costs ! ! ! ! purchased $ 50 groupon and came in same day to take class . the man upfront refused to let me take a class because he said i had to book a class online . he said groupon should have specified that but they did not . i drove 30 minutes to take sunday class at 9:30am- he still refused . groupon did not set proper expectations i told him he still would not let me take class- this is bad business . the man upfront was very snotty and handed me schedule and told me to come back another time after i schedule my class . i told him i will never come back and that this is unfair and walked out . ladies and gents save your money and go to a real kickboxing gym where they will let you try a free class and you can go at anytime- ufc gym is my recommendation over this snotty upidy place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such an amazing place to be a part of . they treat you like family , encourage you when you need it the most and never let you give up on your goals . it 's more than just a workout here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my cousin bought me a groupon deal think its 10 classes for $ 40-50 which isnt bad at all and you get free gloves too ! first day you get your own personal trainer.. i had sarah , she is super sweet and funny & the instructor was ciara , very sweet and motivating as well . i really enjoyed the workout and will definitely let all my friends know about this place ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this class so much . there is so much support and friendly instructors that motivate you to keep pushing . at first i thought it was going to be a easy class but boy oh boy i was wrong , it was definitely a challenge . in the month of march 2016 i went at least 3 days a week pushing for 4 and lost 10 pounds in a month . you will definitely break a sweat in this class ! when i go back to the gym and work out by myself i always end up telling myself it 's not as fun as kickboxing class .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience here . great staff and great class . broke a sweat . felt right at home easy to get into no matter your level of fitness . they kept me inspired even when i felt like giving up . they encourage me to come back through text when i miss a few days . it 's a little bit of a drive but worth it . i do n't know about committing to the monthly package before your sure you can make it . i signed up for 6 months at 165 a month bought 10 classes on groupon . only made it through one class before getting the package .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you want to improve your strength , and your body shapes , you have to make choices . i made mine today by choosing ilovekickboxing and ... what a great place ! ! one lesson and i 'm already hooked ! the training is just amazing , the atmosphere crazy , and the trainers so fun ! i am so exhausted tonight but it 's the kind of feeling that makes you feel alive ! ca n't wait to go back again and again ! thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this workout ! the instructors are fabulous and super motivating ... . when you are not sure what you are going to do and you do n't have any of the equipment ... do n't worry ! they have it there ... . free gloves , a free water , free training session all when you sign up ! who is going to join us next ? ? let 's get fit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . first workout i 've ever had that kept me motivated for more than just a few months . i am more toned than ever before and the instructors reach out if you start slacking . plus they are amazing . it 's truly like a family over there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love how the classes are set up and done . the all the instructors are awesome always willing to help you along the way . regardless if it 's your first class or you 're a long time member . the classes are all filled with great people who are positive . the instructors all have a high positive energy that really helps to set the atmosphere during class . the class an hour long but because they way they are broken up you do n't even realize how the time will fly by . from the instructors to the members with ilkb are all there with the mind set to have fun well getting a full body workout . glad i took advantage of a groupon i had to take the classes . now i 'm an official member along with my husband at , `` i love kickboxing . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when my co-worker told me about ilkb , i was like i have to try this.. i cant be that good , its just another class ? ! boy was i wrong -- from the moment i stepped in , the staff was amazing ! i had my very own coach for my 1st day showing me the ropes and all that i needed to know . i signed up for 12months that very day . went to work the next day and told everyone what i experienced.. that same wkend 2 co-worker friends went in an signed up as well . couldnt be happier w my choice ... all i think about when im not there is ilkb & when i can go . lol : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kickboxing is a fun and great way to workout . all the instructors are good at what they do and make sure you feel welcome on your first day . during bag rounds they also check up on your form", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . they are such a good gym and family to be part of . it 's such a good workout . i recommend this for all people who want to try something new ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we started the classes on a groupon , but signed up after only 4 classes . the instructors at ilkb are amazing . they push you to do your best , treat you like family and the atmosphere is not that of a typical gym . anyone of any level of fitness can fit in here . anyone wanting a good work out and to reach their fitness goals can fit in here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great workout ! did n't think i was gon na make it during my very first class , but i stuck it out and it gets better ! wonderful way to get out all your frustration and aggression while working out ! great staff , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work out and fun energy . they 're always keeping you on your toes with the work outs . you sweat a ton ! however they contact you non stop even once you said you would be in contact with them . i 'm not avoiding you but circumstances come up that make it difficult to get there- holidays , work schedule , food poisoning etc . that is my only pet peeve with them . i understand they 're running a business but contacting so many times drives people away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this gym ! the instructors are amazing and the work outs are even better ! been a member for a year and a half now . worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this studio on one of my husband 's business trips because i currently go to the location in phoenix . this location has fantastic energy and instructors . i was made to feel welcomed by the ilkb community . i ca n't wait to pay them another visit when i 'm back in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love how fun the classes are and how i leave every class feeling like i truly just worked out ! in a few weeks i 've already noticed changes in my body and how my clothes are fitting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to join kickboxing for the longest time . i did n't have the funds at the time , but then i got a promotion for one of my jobs and had the money to finally join in . i am so happy i invested in this . i like this so much more than the gym in my opinion ! everyone here is so friendly . i initially signed up for 5 classes but after my first class i signed up for unlimited classes and now go 3-4 times a week . my body is definitely getting toned for the summer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was surprised to see how much i enjoy kicking and punching . what a great one hour workout . the instructors are super motivating and friendly . the classes are different every day . after 2 months , i have lost 5 pounds and 3 inches overall in my body . i would recommend this to anyone who wants a fun daily workout routine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best part about ilkb is that it is fun ! kickboxing is such a simple workout , because you do it with little to know equipment . after a long day of frustration , it is the most amazing feeling to come punch and kick a bag with all your might while getting that stress out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i joined ilovekickboxing i was n't really expecting anything more than a fun way to get fit but i soon realized it 's so much more than that ! all the instructors are awesome and energetic and give off good vibes . there 's a lot positivity in the air and they encourage you to work your hardest while making it enjoyable . if you want to be a part of something and look forward to getting your butt kicked than you need to join ilovekickboxing now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt like family since my first day at ilovekickboxing . every single instructor is extremely helpful , encouraging , and truly amazing at what they do . the instructors create a positive atmosphere to promote both individual self growth and teamwork . it is so refreshing to see and feel their passion for what they do every day ; it 's a rare and beautiful thing . in terms of personal goals , this is a great place to be able to fulfill them . every workout takes drive and determination . progressively , you begin to feel your strength , power , and endurance improve . i feel alive and energized after each class . it 's important to see the value of investing in your health and wellness . in taking care of ourselves , we are better able to care for others . this is a great place to begin or enhance yourself physically and mentally . thank you , j.j , sam , jenni , valerie , ciara , sarah , and hasani for being wonderful and for being part of my fitness journey ! you are loved !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . instructors are very motivating . so glad i started going . it 's addictive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got an amazing deal on groupon ( 10 classes plus free gloves ) for this place and so far it 's been beyond worth it ! the instructors are knowledgeable , and friendly and the energy in the atmosphere is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love kickboxing has changed my life and my body ! i feel so much more comfortable now and i always look forward to going to class . i definitely recommend trying it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ilovekickboxing . i make it to a point to be at the gym atleast 3x a week . my favorite part is our instructors ! they push me to workout and bring the best out of me in every session . there is so much difference between working out alone and working out at ilkb . i am very satisfied after every session about my exercise . i feel a boost with my strength , endurance and level of energy after being with ilkb for a month ! every session is different and that is why it is fun and interesting in every workout !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! great instructors . challenging workouts . what more can you ask for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love kickboxing was exactly what i needed ! i was bored at the gym and coasting in the classes . the staff at ilk were so welcoming and attentive to my personal fitness needs . every class pushes me to the absolute extreme . there are multiple instructors giving you encouragement and making sure your form is spot on . one month in and i 'm feeling great , inside and out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased costume and costume items from barry 's dance theatre shop since the 1960 '' s . i am a costume designer dance instructor and shop for costumes and accessories from barry regularly . i have confidence in the knowledge and customer service of the staff that i refer my clients dancers to their store.the staff is highly knowledgeable and experienced in fitting dance shoes . if i need an item in short notice that they do not carry they will order and rush the item so that my needs are met . i highly recommend shopping for dancewear and shoes at barry 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barry 's always ensures i have what i need to dance my best ! for how small the shop seems on the outside , you can find anything and everything you could possibly need . the employees are all knowledgeable about dance and can help you find the perfect items . barry himself knows an amazing amount of information about pointe shoes . he truly cares about the health and wellbeing of the dancer in a way most fitters can not even begin to comprehend . he also has so many fun stories about the happenings of the shop over the years . all in all i hope this shop stays open for years to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though it 's much smaller than nearby elmwood cemetery ( my preferred place to go for walks , to walk my dog , or to read the paper on a sunny day -- no , i 'm not goth ) , settler 's cemetery is a great place to hang out , and it 's literally a street over from the center of downtown . from a historical perspective , settler 's is worth checking out if only because it houses some of the oldest graves in town -- super old ( hence the name ) . these are definitely worth checking out . on top of that , the cemetery is beautiful -- lots of grass , and lots of benches to relax on . it 's a good place to take your dog , too : there are normally tons of other dogs and walkers hanging out here . a little open air and space is a nice change in downtown , trust me . make use of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great little park . this cemetery is right in the middle of the city , and while it is n't big enough to stroll around for long , cutting through here is much nicer than walking the surrounding blocks . i expect people eat lunches here in the middle of the day - it 's that kind of place with nice big leafy trees . and check out the old graves ; some date back to the revolutionary war .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located right in the historic fourth ward , my new home , this cemetary is a cool place to visit . it is significant in terms of history for charlotte , considering the following : 1 ) it was the first municipal burial ground in charlotte , north carolina , 2 ) the old settlers ' cemetery contains the earthly remains of many of the most prominent citizens of charlotte and mecklenburg county in the late 18th and 19th century , and 3 ) the old settlers ' cemetery is the centerpiece of the fourth ward historic district . it 's a beautiful and peacful place to walk through , with brick-laid walkways and gorgeous trees sprouting within it . a great place to get a taste of history , or simply have some quiet time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a cemetery park that does very little for the visitor . the best part is the view of the church across the street .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently drove from illinois to ohio and rented a fantastic minivan through enterprise . the amherst , oh location was absolutely fantastic ! the staff was helpful and friendly , and they offer pickup dropoff service , which is so convenient . i 'm really happy to live close to the enterprise in amherst and will definitely be making it my go-to rental car place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is small but if you call in advance you can get a pretty good deal on a rental . the girl ( geez i forget her name ) is super awesome ! we have never had any rental issues or problems and used this location dozens of times", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had no issues , all the gus that helped me were very sweet great customer service skills , except for the young lady whom called to confirm the night before she was very short and kind of snoody . but other than that i 'd go through them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at enterprise in amherst . i rented a car for a week for a vacation , so i was n't dealing with or through any insurance agency or anything of that sort ( which , it seems , a lot of folks are there ) . roc helped me when i checked in after reserving online . i was getting an intermediate car and when i arrived the only thing they had ready was a hyundai elantra . i had recently rented one from a different agency and could n't stand it ! i asked if there were any other options and he said they had a corolla that he could bump to get cleaned next and i could have it . i really appreciated his service and attention . roc had a great attitude to boot . overall , i definitely recommend enterprise in amherst !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super slow service . waited over 30 minutes even with reservation . staff was in no rush .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst place to rent a car from . i used to deal with them , but no more . they discriminate people who use debit cards , & i 'm not getting a credit card to satisfy enterprise . i would not recommend enterprise no matter what the location is . try hertz , they are much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really nice associates , the car was great ( had it for over a week ) , but it is a small location so you 'll want to call in advance to make sure they 've got what you 're looking for . overall really good experience : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why oh why does it take 15 mins to make a bagel straight from the menu ? they have 4people on the line for prep and the wait is just ridiculous . if that 's the typical turn time then they should let a customer know . then i 'll be more understanding . but i 'm gon na stop giving business because i just do n't have the time to wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on sundays , all the early risers on this side of town head to einstein bagels . they love this location so much that the line stretches out the door , which is what deters me from ever dropping in . i mean , come on , it 's just bagels . just my luck i came by when the lines had shrunk down for a moment . i ordered the honey-glazed smoke salmon sandwich on wheat , and my boyfriend ordered a jalapeno bagel with plain shmear and the turkey club mex . this has to be one of the slowest locations that i 've visited . after waiting and waiting , our orders arrived only to be incorrect . instead of my salmon on a wheat bagel , it was on the jalapeno bagel , which i can not eat . with a little switching around of bagels and toppings , fortunately i was able to save my breakfast . aside from that , the overall sandwich was good . the bagels are n't bad , but service at this location is inefficient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stopped in for a bite one morning and the line was out the door ! the green chlie and cheese bagels are what we came for and thank goodness when it was our turn to order , we snagged the last two ... .score ! we also shared a bagel with peanut butter , banana and honey which was also pretty good . service was quick and friendly ... no complaints there . next time , we 'll avoid the busy times and probably go in between the breakfast and lunch rush to avoid the crowds ... aloha ! yelp 100 challenge 2013- ( 4 100 ) `` green chile for breakfast ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband was going here for carry out breakfast 2-3 times each week , but they have now screwed up our order 4 times in a row and we are done ! i just threw away my breakfast . he had ordered the southwest turkey sausage sandwich for me and i instead received some disgusting thing with no sausage , piled with mushrooms and so much of some orange sauce that the entire wrapper was covered . they just can not our simple order for 2 right ! we are done and not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great idea , execution can be better . bagels and cream cheese are very good , pretty much any combination . i go there for lox , but looks like smoked salmon was recalled so they do not carry it anymore . staff is not very upbeat , my husband was trying to make a joke , the lady did not even smile but almost started arguing ... . asking for any modifications is not a good idea - i 've asked before to go easy with the cream-cheese so they went light on everything . had a pesto chicken lunch sandwich - very bland and i 'm still hungry ! ( normally 6in subway sandwich is too much for me )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "open early , close early . great place to get together with the ladies and have a bagel or cup of coffee [ thats what i do every couple of weeks ] personally , i think they 're a little over priced but so is starbucks . this place gets crazy busy in the morning . cross your fingers that you find a place to sit . lines can be long but go by fast . not just a breakfast place but a lunch place too ! they have bagel sandwiches , woohoo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the einstein in henderson was a standard morning routine when we lived here . when we visit , now on the northwest side of town , einstein remains a treat . place puts starbucks , etc . to shame . schmeers are all very good . salmon is briny and salty , and delicious . coffee just right , lemonade and other drinks not too sweet , bagels perfect . staff is efficient and friendly . ca n't go wrong with einstein . thankfully expanding up to reno this fall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a great alternative to the casino food . i had a lox sandwich . salmon was fresh and delicious ! it is also very cheap , under $ 8", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's not to like about bagels and coffee ? i come here at least twice a month . i either get the everything bagel with the veggie cream cheese , or i opt for one of their breakfast sandwiches ( bacon and cheddar is my favorite ) . i love that you can put your sandwiches on any bagel . service is usually great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of few places open at 5am . the crew is always friendly and cheery . greet you with a smile which i need when i am up that early . they always serve me quickly which is necessary when i am rushing to work . of course , the bagels and shmears are yummy . love their to go boxes which makes it easy to take my goods and run . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to einstein bros bagels for lunch almost every other week when i have a craving for something that 's not greasy and fills me up really well . what impresses me is the large menu of yummy bagel sandwiches , not only of the breakfast kind but also of the lunch kind . my favorites : 1 . tuna salad sandwich - tangy and 2 . pastrami melt - the melty cheese and salty pastrami hits the spot on those extra hungry days 3 . spinach and mushroom pizza bagel - the melty cheese , 'shrooms and spinach combination is suprisingly filling and yummy conclusion : a great lunch time place to eat and hang out . bonus of being able to do half sandwich and soup chip combo makes a well rounded lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stop by every once in a while for their coffee , not their bagels ! they usually have a long line in the mornings , especially on weekdays since everyone seems to be buying dozens of bagels for their entire office . if you 're just looking to grab a coffee or soft drink , just head straight to the cashier and skip the long ordering line . i love that they have a self serve coffee bar , where you can get unlimited refills on the same visit . they usually have about 3 roasts available , including decaf . their coffee has good flavor , especially the medium roast . they have a ton of seating , making this a great place to work or chill in the mornings whether you 're grabbing a coffee or some bagels pastries . just wish they had a rewards program ! if you come here a lot , be sure to sign up for their email list . they send out coupons about once a month .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i walk in and no one says anything to me . i wait 5min until someone takes my order and other customers come in . they i am noticed since the line has grew . i place my order she says i 'll take your payment down there . no good morning how is your day ? when i receive my food , which i order the same at every location which is a ham and swiss bagel i get it as a sandwich and not in the box that it usually comes it . and this is what i get . two slices of ham and one slice of cheese . so depressing . i do n't think i will return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love going to einsteins for breakfast ! i used to work for them for about 1 1 2 years , and every time i go i get greeted still like i 'm an employee there . they know my order exactly every time , know my name , treat me well , bring my order to the table , and satisfy my needs ! love this place , and will continue to go for breakfast all the time ! thanks wendy , you 're an excellent boss and thank you to the staff , including dani , leah , tina , mickey , and the rest of you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einstein bagels has really gone down the drain . my order seems to always get messed up . the quality and service are terrible . and they close at 4 . really ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love that this company took the time to include a doggy treat option at their establishment it 's always nice to see that a company respects people with animals . as for the food i was pleasantly surprised i got the turkey sausage breakfast sandwich on a toasted plain bagel and honestly it was really good ! the servers here are all very upbeat and have a smile which is always a nice way to start your morning and the service was fast so i was able to get in and out fairly quick which is also a nice selling point . i like that it is in a convenient part of town too just hop in and out and bang you are on the highway maybe other people do n't care about that part but i love it ! regardless i will be visiting here much more often now that i know the food is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the bagel box . the bagels were fresh and delicious as expected . the service was fast and friendly . will come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i go to this einstein 's every sunday and the service is always fast . the staff is friendly . my wife loves the coffee there and i love their sandwiches . a bit pricey but that is expected . if you fill out the survey on the receipt , you get a free drink , time and time again . the manager of this restaurant is always in the front making sure her staff is doing the right thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , good bagels , good quality , great price ! my boyfriend brought me here to get breakfast twice . the bagels are super fresh and super tasty . way better than the bagels i get at home , bay area , california . the bagels are fluffy and the cream cheese is so flavorful ! the mornings can get busy , but still the food comes out quick and its delicious . not much to say , but i 'll be coming back when i 'm in vegas . though i just found out there is an einstein bros bagels on my campus ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got my fresh bagels . mmmm they smell bagelicious ! bought the monday special , staff always have big smile and friendly conversation . will keep some in the freezer , individually wrap and have it for breakfast any morning i desire .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being from the east coast i am very particular about certain foods and bagels are one of them . i had stopped here a week ago and got a plain bagel with butter and i thought it was acceptable . so today i was nearby and decided to give them another try . i ordered a toasted everything bagel with butter and a medium coffee . i paid and they gave me my cup . i figured by the time i made my coffee the bagel would be done . nope not even close . the people that came in after us got their order but we were still waiting . more then 10 minutes after ordering our bagels finally showed up . first of all my bagel only had butter on one half . really ? i had to go back up and get butter because who wants to eat a dry toasted bagel . second my bagel was cold . it should had just been just toasted and still hot or at least warm . the butter did n't even melt . major disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good food here but it gets way too crowded . but the staff keeps up as best they can . the coffees are top notch and i love all the bagels they have . i recommend getting there early cause hey get busy shortly after they open .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it took 27 minutes to get a sandwich . sunday at 11:00 i would not recommend at peak hours unless you are ok with a wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always busy here ... . super busy on the weekends . bring patience with you : ) currently there are 21 people who have ordered , paid and are standing around waiting on food . there is no `` waiting area '' so you 'll be in front of the coffee , the soft drink machine and halfway down the hall to the toilet : ) from the time i paid for my food ( two bagels , toasted with cream cheese ) it was 16 minutes until they put it in my hand .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here to grab a quick bagel but had to wait their computers were down . the manager could 've announced it to those who were in line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super slow service compared to other ebs . ili go to the one on sahara even though its 10 minutes out of the way next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the bagels and the sandwiches are great , the service is always good , and the people are friendly . the last few time i have been in they did not have a bold or dark roast coffee just those flavored coffees , blech . they also frequently are out of everything bagels . if they are so popular why not make more . i would assign more stars but these two issues make it just an average place for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is nothing better on a saturday morning than to have a cinnamon sugar bagel with honey butter ( healthy eh ? ) . this location was pretty packed when we came in , which is understandable at 10am on a saturday . i was also impressed to see other selections beyond plan bagels , such as a pb & j baked good , pastry 's and other items . i look forward to venturing around the menu , as einstein 's has never really disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bagels and awsome coffee . but every time i 'm here they put barely any cream cheese on the bagel . kinda does n't make me want to come here any more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! i like that they are always able to tell me which bagels accommodate my dietary needs ( vegan ) . in love with the pumpkin bagels . i look forward to them every fall . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good value , great bagels & amazing service ! i love the jalape\u00f1o bagel with jalape\u00f1o spread . lights up my mouth for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the bagels and smear ! do n't order a sandwich to go though bc it 'll take forever . customer service is still on par though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! prices are good and the options are nice ! line moved fast and the staff were professional and kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "busy place ! it was everything you 'd expect from an einstein bros bagels . nothing special . i 'll go back , but be prepared to wait in a long line if you go on a weekend morning between 7-11am", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will admit that i 'm a little biased when it comes to my bagels because i 'm from northern nj and new york city , but i have to admit that these are pretty darn good . not exactly the quality of new york , but it 's there and better than anything you can find in the area . service is excellent even when packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adriana , the store manager , is great . she remembered my name after only two visits . fast service with a smile . always have my favorite bagels available . i never wait in line as they are very efficient . go in and get a bagel . great coffee too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we order bagels wich they were super fresh and really good taste . w3 order pkain ones , cheese ones and jalape\u00f1o with cheese , this one was my favorite one . eat it alone , pair it with coffee or hot chocolate . yummm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when everyone at a restaurant knows your name that means they value your business and that is why my family and i eat at this einstein 's weekly . wendy does an amazing job with this store . her staff is friendly and always happy to see you . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . good bagels and sandwiches . downside , they took out their soup offerings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bagels , sandwiches & employees are awesome ! tried to get there for days but can not seem to get my butt up early enough before work to go . so they made me up my own dozen everything bagels at 3 pm today ! ! ! soft , fresh and delicious ! ! coffee is fab as well ! ! ! as for any complains about how slow the line is of course it is ! ! ! so much to decide from ! ! ! ! i get in line and start wanting everything ! ( sorry , guys ! ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was rude talk about no customer service ! the bagels were burnt had to send it back and the lady was really upset brought me another bagel and again it was burnt ... i will not be coming back here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my review is n't really about the store , but towards the manager , wendy . no matter when i go in there , she is always is such a great mood and makes you feel that you are the only person she has to help . makes everything better ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bagels are very good but service table needs to be stocked on a regular basis . there was no milk today for coffee ( all out of 2 % , of fat free & of half & half ) . this happens on a regular basis there . is not acceptable concerning this happens in morning when business is booming ; someone should check regularly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love coming here . great place for coffee . i 've tried plenty of the bagels but my favorite so far is the cinnamon sugar with honey almond spread . game . over . the breakfast sandwich was also really good ! definitely recommend this spot . : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again they were out of multiple items . it was difficult to find a dozen that worked for me . if you sell food , but have none available just close .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my favorite einsteins in vegas . the crew has their stuff together and manage to fill orders and serve food in record time . they 're friendly to boot ! my main reason for not visiting the one closer to my work is becuase of the time iit takes to order and recieve it . this one has employees that understand the sense of urgency i 'm in when i drop by on my way to work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for lunch and there was 1 person i front of me . quick service . easy in and out . tastes just like the rest of the einstein 's . delicious ! can never go wrong with a tasty turkey on a toasted sesame bagel with a pickle and side of potato salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this location for some years now , however , today it seems to have sunken to an all time low . looks like they have more people working there but the service got worse . how do you do that ? i noticed the tables were n't being bussed as soon as i walked in there and i noticed that the person bussing them was doing a real crappy job . to top my whole experience off i found a black hair in my potato salad . got ta find a new breakfast spot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i came knocking this morning around 10:15am i waited 20 minutes and received a burnt bagel . it seemed as though they were very well staffed service was very slow and unorganized ! thumbs down . parking is always a hassle and they all need hairnets . one staff member looked as though she rolled out of bed , threw on her visor and came to work . please get it together", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place , everyone is friendly and really helpful . i come in about once or twice a week and they remember my name and go out of their way to ask how i am . coffee is great , bagels are awesome . when they have a coupon available it makes the price even better . weekends are busy but the line moves very fast and efficient , i 've never not found a place to sit . had some great coffee meetings at this location and i 'm glad they are around and can offer an alternative to being at starbucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i 'm in vegas , and its saturday , that means its family breakfast at einsteins . i love this place . the variety , the pleasant staff , the tea that is always so nice and strong to keep me motivated . i 'm a bagel guy , i love me unique flavors of bagel and spread . same goes for my mom , dad on the other hand is a plain with plain ... maybe jelly if you harass him enough . my all time favorite is the asaigo cheese with honey almond smear . although mom got me hooked on her latest creation . its the cinnamon crunch sliced and toasted with butter . tastes just like the cinnamon toast my granny would make in the oven when i was a kid . mom remembers it that way to , so somehow they are able to replicate it , mom time to pick up your game ! i have n't had any of the coffee , but my girlfriend beth has . she said it was good and drank it all . the yogurt it ok , im not a fan of the bagel bites .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone was very friendly . the restaurant was clean . i ordered a turkey sandwich on a bagel it was great and the cup of fruit that came with it was great too . i have nothing negative to say about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i come here the service is pretty incredible . do n't get me wrong , it can get pretty packed at this location , but i try to come a little later than most so i do n't have to deal with the rush . the food is also phenomenal . get the green chile club , thank me later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to start out by saying i love these bagels . asiago . yes . apple cinnamon fritter bagel thing yes . i just want to shmear all the shmear all over my body . but . every time i 'm here . i just get frustrated . it 's busy here which is great . but they are so understaffed . the person taking your order takes 3 orders then runs to be cashier . so you 're waiting twice . three times if you include waiting for the bagel . in my opinion ... . either do all of the ordering and payment at once ... . or hire someone to take the orders and hire someone else to be cashier and hand out . so annoying . especially when your hangry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food but i 'm tired of the unfriendly staff and less then good service . i wi t be coming here anymore . i guess i 'll just find somewhere else to spend my money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing better than a bagel on the way to mt . charleston for a day of hiking ! the dutch apple bagel is outstanding . wish i could have one every day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm only giving this a one star since i recently left . i was a patient for several years . i finally left because i can no longer tolerate the disrespect for my time . my physician is constantly late , leaving me sitting in the room for up to 50 minutes . i have tried to schedule my appointments far in advance , and even scheduling the first appointment of the day . well , that does n't work either . my time is as important as my physician and i realized that this is not a one time problem and seems to be the way of this clinic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never been treated worse than by the girls in the front office . i strongly suggest taking your business elsewhere . their name is a joke , they dont give two craps about you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is hit or miss but they have a neuromuscular therapist who totally relieved me of my back pain with no medication . i keep going just for jessica the nmt she is awesome", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am too , stunned by the negative comments . this is by far the best primary care practice i have been to my entire adult life . it was so easy to get an appointment , which was pretty soon and not weeks or months later like most pcp offices in the valley . at arrival , staff were super friendly and greeted me and my mother offering cold bottled water ( wow ! ) . we were taken back shortly and seen by the doctor . between myself and my family we have met 3 of the doctors . they have been all amazing . they are very thorough , spend time as much needed , are genuinely caring and most important of all always up-to-date . the office correspondence is excellent . my mother needed a neurology consultation . her chart was transferred in its entirety shortly after we left their offices . overall i consider this office a gem for us phoenicians . i wish they had more offices so my other family members could use the services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service and a looong wait . came in with a screaming 4 year old in need of stitches . the staff never greeted us or asked us to sign in . after 30 minutes i asked how long the wait was and was told `` we are short staffed '' . also saw a man with his feet up on the desk doing nothing in the back . i 've never seen a facility operate this way . do n't waste your time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to care md for years under dr. matin , he is the best , very knowledgeable , friendly and never have to wait like i do at other doctors . this is the best primary care provider i have ever had so kudos to dr. matin and his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been sitting here over a half an hours while the lane next to me has went through 2 cars already . i am frustrated and ca n't leave because the employees have already put a car behind me . i am editing my review because the district manager was there , apologized and offered a free oil change for my trouble . i do have to say that he turned my experience around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not bring your vehicle here ! these pushy clowns love the 'hard sell ' . my experience is that they try to push every extra service ( even stuff you do n't need ) to try and weasel more dollars out of you , often to the point where they make you feel uncomfortable . this is actually true of the 3 lube stops i 've been to over the years in this area . if they want to do more business , they should retrain their staff to not be so pushy and assertive ! there are customers ( ex . customers , in my case ) that will not put up with it ! i now take my vehicle to valvoline or conrad 's for an oil change .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these guy 's are amazing . always friendly and go out of their way to make the customer feel appreciated . i recently got an oil change and needed my airfilter replaced . they did n't carry the airfilter , so i purchased one elsewhere . i came back today and they quickly installed it for free . treated me great ! put the filter in , offered me bottled water , treated me like any other time . this means a lot considering i was n't paying anything for the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . i went on my lunch break and was in and out in about 20 minutes . definitely a good time to go . prices were reasonable and they made sure to show me proof of the oil fill level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was my girlfriend 's ( alexandria ) plus one to the `` elite free teeth whitening event . '' 1st off thank you for allowing me to join ... this place is sleek ! the staff were all beautiful inside & out , as well as super informative . they had my mouth wide open , but the super comfortable chairs & netflix had me comfortable regardless . me teeth looked so white after ! i was shocked . you will want to buy the desensitizing paste they have . your teeth will be super sensitive after , only for about 24 hours . also stay away from doc beverages , tomatoes & anything high in acid for awhile after . i always thought my girlfriend was silly for posting reviews all the time on yelp . but now i see why she does it and i 'm going to start doing it more . i love being able to support small businesses with positive feedback .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily the best dental experience i 've had . super expedient processing , and while getting your cleaning you can watch netflix and listen in on a set of portable headphones . everyone is extremely friendly and professional . i definitely highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is very nice and made me feel welcome . the appointment was thorough but did n't take extra long . i would highly recommend if you 're looking for a new dental practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no better place to post my 100th review ! i have had more work done at pearl than i 'd like to admit . after a few years of dental neglect , i have had everything from cleanings to root canals and crowns performed at pearl . everything and everyone has been great . the location is convenient , the lobby and exam rooms are clean , and the staff is perfect ! they are very responsive and make it convenient to contact them - call , email , text . i never have to wait on hold and typically receive a reply to my emails in under an hour . prices align with other providers in the area and they accept a wide variety of insurance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "words can not describe how positive my experience has been every time i 've been to pearl dentistry ... .. i will try though . my most recent visit i had a cavity refilled and a crown cap replaced . not only was it painless , let me reiterate that painless , they were quick and efficient . the whole precedure for both was 1 hour total ! ! ! it felt even quicker because i was watching my favorite shows on netflix with subtitles ( i opted not to wear the bose headphones provided ) . everyone who works there is beyond friendly , professional , warm and caring . it seemed like their number one concern was making me absolutely comfortable . i ca n't recommend them enough . there 's a reason they have a full 5 stars . ( i copied and pasted my review from google )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if somebody had told me as a young bucktoothed kid ( calm down , i got braces ) that going to the dentist for my biannual cleaning meant watching netflix and listening to a playlist set fit for a club , then i would 've said , sign this girl up ! my first time at pearl and it definitely did not disappoint ! everybody was super nice and made the experience such a pleasant one . if you 're a charlotte transplant like i am ( really , who is n't ? ) and need a dentist ( really though , who does n't ? ) then pearl dentistry is highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pearl is upscale without being uppity and polished without being pretentious . when you walk in , you immediately know that this is not your grandma 's dentist - except she could be because grandma would totally approve of the comfy white couches and big screen tvs that greet you in the lobby . dr. jenny and her staff have created a wonderfully welcoming office that makes you feel comfortable and at peace with the fact that a drill and blood could potentially welcome you in the back . the actual work rooms are private and feature two tv screens that you can watch whether laying flat on your back or propped up . you can watch your choice of netflix movies and shows , or listen to music on your very own beats headset . every service qualifies you to free whitening treatments for life ( one a month ) . i got the whitening treatment and it was 45 minutes well spent . i 'll be back , for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful people and excellent service . i had a broken tooth , the doctor was able to see me the same day , met me with great compassion and concern . fixed my tooth and erased my pain ! thank you pearl dentistry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professionals . thorough and clear . they know what they are doing and i would suggest this place to everyone . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff . beautiful environment . nice music . and they have netflix ! my teeth are jacked up but dr. jenny and the other lovely ladies are helping me get my grill right . they are great at working with you and making sure they tackle the most pressing issues first . i used to be scared of going to the dentist ( hence the bad teeth ) but dr. jenny and the crew are extremely sweet and welcoming and the netflix helps take my mind off of the procedures being done . great experience . i recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best dental experience you can have ! the staff are so sweet and friendly . they remember you and make you feel important . also all of their equipment is so modern and clean . the whole experience is stellar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dread having to go to the dentist , but loved my first visit to pearl . dr. jenny and the entire staff were amazing . they took their time and made sure to explain everything to me in detail , as well as share all costs and options ahead of time . the office is clean and warm , does n't feel like a cold scary place . i already booked my next appointment for cleaning . thank you to dr. jenny and the whole team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was warned this place was awesome and the staff was spectacular but i was not prepared for how much i actually enjoyed my hour visit ! literally everyone there was incredibly nice and super friendly . not pushy at all with recommendations for services priducts like some other dentist offices . i 'm actually looking forward to going to the dentist again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff and doctor at pearl are great . i have been contemplating a new dentist since moving back to charlotte recently , and am pleased with my decision to go there for my checkup and cleaning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoy going to see dr. jenny and the crew . staff is friendly , comfortable experience , quick and efficient service . definitely recommend without reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to pearl is as enjoyable as a visit to the dentist can possibly be . all the pearl girls are seriously the sweetest , from the dentists , to the dental assistants , to the receptionists , they 're all so nice . everybody is also very upfront about pricing , which is great because my most recent visit i had a new insurance i was n't familiar with yet . they 'll also validate your parking if you can grab a spot in the wake forrest garage ! also , one free whitening treatment a year and you can watch netflix during your appointment . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff , would highly recommend going here if you are looking for a dentist uptown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite dentist ! i will definitely recommend this place to my all my charlotte friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really hate dentists but everyone at pearl is super nice and really help you get through the appointment . carolina was great today and helped me keep calm . thank you dr jenny we will have a long ongoing relationship with all the things i need to get done : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to my first yelp elite event as a guest and won the fundraiser door prize to pearl for a free whitening session . was able to schedule my appointment via email , which was super convenient . 1 . the office is so fun and new and clean and mod . 2 . everyone was very friendly , personable , yet professional . and i want my hair to look like dr. jenny 's ! 3 . you can listen to music on beats headphones and or watch netflix . tvs on the wall and the ceiling . so cool ! 4 . i was incredibly pleased with the level of service and the teeth whitening . i can already see a difference . other than a little sensitivity the day of ( which is normal ) , my teeth are happy and sparkly and white ! 5 . regular patients receive annual teeth whitening treatments at no additional cost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a chic dental clinic . state of the art , i 'm so glad my insurance now is covered here ! you can tell the staff are trained to be very pleasant - everyone was so polite and smiling . i relaxed in my chair and watched movie while my teeth got cleaned . x-rays were brought to my chair ( not a separate room ) and under 1.5 hrs . i loved the clean and modern look of the office space - you can tell that the owner takes a lot of care in the small details and put money into the business . i highly recommend it- 5 stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must give 5 stars both to the pearl . office ( gorgeous office , latest technology -- filled out my info on an ipad and watched a netflix series which makes a dental visit sooooo much better ) and staff ( loved the two friendly receptionists , as well as fabulous dental assistant tameika and had a great cleaning by hygienist , hannah ) and 5 stars to dentist , `` dr. susie '' dubrinski who was friendly , thorough , and took plenty time to answer my many questions with expertise and kindness . ca n't believe i put off going to the dentist for so long !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free yearly teeth whitening , super nice and helpful staff , netflix to watch ( even on the ceiling ) while you get your teeth cleaned , text message reminders ( and you can talk to them over text , super helpful for those of us who hate trying to call places ) . switched from another dentist and definitely do n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had an awesome experience at pearl dentistry . the office is very sleek and professional with great people . the girls who took care of me were knowledge and easy going . i 'm never at ease going to the dentist , but they were very in touch with any discomfort i had during the cleaning and corrected it immediately . the only negative comment i have is that i was asked the same questions over and over by each of the girls . maybe they can streamline their communication a bit . there was a bit of a wait to see the doctor , but netflix with beats headphones kept me comfy while waiting . there 's even an extra tv hanging from the ceiling above the chair so you can keep watching while they 're working on your mouth . they validate parking in the garage next door . free whitening for clients . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere with awesome music ! dr suzie and dr jenny are very knowledgeable and professional . i would recommend pearl to anyone looking for a dentist in the uptown area ! my wife and i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after not going to the dentist in way longer than i care to admit online , i was pretty nervous before visiting pearl . however , the reviews were really good and i work right across the street from their beautiful building . everyone was very friendly from the receptionist to both of the dental assistants i had to dr. jenny herself ! they all explained everything they were going to do , and made my cleaning and exam as painfree as possible . i enjoyed my experience here as much as one can enjoy going to the dentist . being able to watch house hunters during my cleaning helped too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dentist office i have been to . jen the hygienist was great and dr. jenny was great . she asked me questions and look at things no other dentists cared about . the office is great , quick service and very advance in their equipment technology .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough positive things about pearl . they are friendly , welcoming , take their time and are empathetic to nervous patients like me ! i am so happy with my treatment and all of the staff here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh , what a feeling ! there 's netflix on the ceiling ! i was treated to a delightful afternoon of parks and rec , quickly followed 3 days later by the pilot episode of how to get away with murder . oh yeah , and i was also getting my teeth cleaned and a filling fixed . i came here because it was close to work , but i left a very happy customer . the name is dentistry reimagined , and it really is . from the lobby , to the rooms , to the staff , to the amenities , you might quickly forget you 're at the dentist . i sure did , and i even had a drill in my mouth . dr. jenny and her staff made me feel right at home . i am not stretching the truth at all when i say i forgot there were dental tools in my mouth . did i mention the netflix ? and the headphones ? i am a changed woman with happy teeth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best dentist experience i 've ever had . can not say enough great things about the tremendous staff and how professional they were . disappointed i can only give pearl 5 stars because they deserve more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second visit ( 3 8 17 ) to pearl dentistry and i just have to say i was looking forward to coming ! even though i live about 40 min west of the n. college street location , it 's an easy drive for me and one that has proven , once again , to be well worth the time investment . every member of the staff i 've been fortunate enough to meet has been admirably professional and has made me feel very welcomed . furthermore , the dental assistants and hygienists are so sweet and nurturing . i really appreciate their dedication to their patients ' care . it 's clearly evident from the moment you call to book your first appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pearl dentistry provides exceptional grade a service ! ! ! the hygienist , receptionist and the dentist are all very pleasant and thorough ! ! ! it was my first time visiting and i am sold ! this will be my one and only dentist option !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to match several times and the food and service never disappoint . i love the decor featuring local artists and the wine list as well . my server jess was knowledgeable of the menu and the wine choices too . if you live in the valley of the sun or plan to visit soon , make your way to match for dinner , brunch or happy hour . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "server amber was helpful and fast dealing with a big party . never seen anything in phoenix quite like the cocktail menu -- lots of fresh herbs and greek alcohols . since they 're relatively new they seem pretty flexible if you try something that 's not what you expect . the food menu seems a little more traditional , did n't get any but some friends did and it looked good . there 's also an art gallery on the other side of the lobby for something to do when you get lost looking for the bathroom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to put up a review of this pub , with it being my favourite local pub . if there is ever a game on and i want to watch it at a pub i generally come here . firstly , i do this because they have several tv screens and , secondly , because it is a good pub . when you step inside , the first thing that will take you back is the traditional atmosphere . the decor is quite simply spot on ; i do n't think you can fault it . added to that , it is good value for money and its patrons are very friendly . it wo n't be very long before even the most awkward of visitors to this pub will be put at ease . once they are at ease they 'll start to realise just how much of a gem this place is ; a pub that delivers across the board .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to live around the corner from the auld toll and i think i went there twice in three years . the reason being that there are plenty of other decent and much more exciting pubs in the tollcross area with much more to offer than this . however , if you fancy a really authentic small scottish town pub feel then this is the one for you . that is n't necessarily a good thing though . my dad is english and we popped into this pub one day only for him to be harrassed by a couple of the locals because of his nationality - although scotland were playing enlgand in an important game and my dad kept shouting 'come on england ' - i suppose we should have realised ! in most parts of rural scotland this would be much more likely , but i would n't have expected this in the centre of such a muti-cultural city such as edinburgh . having said that its worth popping in to have wee look at the old edinburgh photographs displayed on the walls . other than that its 'no the best ' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "crooks ... best word for them . i worked for them for about a month . they still owe me a paycheck from 3 years ago . over 5 grand . they are expensive , do n't honor warranties and would not know a transmission if it bit them in the a $ $", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jim lured me in there for a $ 299.00 pressure valve job.then once my truck got towed there jim was not there and tony got me for $ 1327.48 for a rebuilt transmission and he gave it back with a bad exhaust leak because he did n't tighten the exhaust pipes properly back on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gas stove went out called these guys for a repair they came out fast n easy fixed within a few hours i was surprised ! now my stove works just in time for thanksgiving ! will def call these guys again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a problem with the ice machine on my lg refrigerator not working and so called . they responded right away and came over the same day . they were able to see the entire ice making area of the fridge was frozen over as someone had left the door open for the several months that we were gone . no parts were needed just good service at a reasonable price . we will call them again if we ever have appliance problems ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a broken dishwasher for the longest finally decided to call a local repairman .these guys came out within a few days and repaired super fast ! very professional and friendly . will recommend to anybody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the repair person came the day after i called . the charge was $ 65 for the service call . he arrived shortly after calling . he was well identified in uniform . after looking at the refrigerator that the ice maker did n't work , he quoted a $ 490.00 repair job to replace the ice maker unit . i paid the $ 65 and then did further research . within 15 minutes found the part at a store 20 minutes away for $ 120.00 . it took 20 minutes to install ( and that is not knowing exactly what i was doing ) and everything now works perfectly . $ 490.00 was definitely an overkill for a $ 120.00 part that would take less than 20 minutes to install .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a washer and dryer combo with a issue specifically for my dryer not turning when drying . called for a local place with good review and they came out within a few hours and repaired the same day . did n't charge for any extra parts or extra labor . will use again in future . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely recommend em ! i have an investment property that had a fridge go out on a tenant and needed service immediately . came out the same day , gave me a straight forward quote and went straight to business . in and out within two hours . they get the job done quick and efficiently and keep me updated through out the entire process . now the fridge is working up to par , tenant happy , i 'm happy . no problems ever since !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys walk the walk not just talk the talk . called for them to repair gas oven , came out same day n got it up and running again ! you got a customer for life ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service ! called to have my washer dryer combo checked out . it lasted 20 year at our condo . i called for service n they were out within a day ! did a thorough exam and gave me the info i needed to make an informed decision . good people and good service ! highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frustrated that my dryer was n't working so i called the fix it guy ! came out the same day and had all the tools necessary . told me exactly what they were gon na do and also gave me a price quote before anything was done .very professional and finished in a timely matter ! highly recommend these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a broken oven that would not turn on and i called these guys for a quote . they came out the same day , now my ge monogram oven runs great ! super fast and easy would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a broken dishwasher that would n't run . would n't not drain the water . called them for a repair n they came out same day . these guys r super professional . will highly recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a fridge that had a broken ice maker . called these guys and they came out same day . super fast service fixed my ice maker in less then a hour . now my thermador fridge runs great . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great prices , honky milk is cheaper than loblaws or metro . there 's a small food court and housewares section . you 've got your regular cast of characters here , including the little roller baskets i like and the sensible notion of keeping every cash staffed by a human being . no bahn mi evident but i was in a hurry . but as the always right jennifer k notes there 's a great selection at this large store . an extra star for the fact it was saturday noon and there were still many available parking spots .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "remember when this place was fortinos ? that 's why this mall ( denison centre ) is also nicknamed the `` fortinos plaza '' . anyway ... this supermarket is extremely large , almost the size of some costco or walmart supercentre stores . while it is large though , the space is n't utilized very well , as there 's a lot of empty space area in the store . personally i would n't come here unless there 's special deals going on . thankfully , oriental food mart advertises heavily on chinese tv and newspapers , and they have various special deals on every week . if you see something that interests you , then definitely come here ! cashiers are about your typical asian service quality . do n't expect much , do n't expect to communicate . just pay , get your change , and depart away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "note : as of writing in sep 2015 , this place has been renamed to sunfood supermarket ( \u767e\u798f\u8d85\u7d1a\u5e02\u5834 ) . i only managed to get some of the items i wanted , and the shopping experience was somewhat disappointing . many vegetables for sale were clearly not fresh ( yellowing , damaged , etc . ) , and i ended up having to go to another supermarket to fill in the items i skipped here . beside the bakery department is a spooky defunct counter for sushi and sweet drinks . i remember the times about 2 years ago when this store was oriental food mart and it was livelier with customers , there were more products being offered , and the produce was fresher . now this place can only be described as offering cheap groceries ( not necessarily good ) and slowly going downhill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like it . it is not as dirty if you consider that you always wash raw vegetables and meat prior to cooking them anyway . affordable . pricing is comparable to long food supermarket at market village . gigantic selection of fruits . i will go out to say that oriental has a bigger and more exotic selection of fruits than loblaws , sobeys , t & t , no frills and metros . i only do n't know for sure how it compares to michael angelo 's , longo 's and garden basket .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must be spoiled by other asian grocery stores . this one had a good selection of items , but i was turned off by how comparably expensive the produce was and the small of the seafood and meat area . the hubster pointed out that they were cleaning it , and that maybe i was just smelling the bleach , but there was something else in that smell that was n't disinfectant . i likely wo n't be shopping here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow have n't been to this supermarket in a long time and this is the first time being here since they changed ownership . i feel like this supermarket always lives in the shadow of the t & t and the foody mart nearby , but it has its own unique offers . i always like their bakery and it still remain as affordable as it used to be . plain pineapple buns and croissants are still 3 for $ 1 . in this day and age you just find a bargain like this anywhere else . their egg tarts are really good too , 6 for $ 3.99 , and they were still hot when i grabbed a pack . its other groceries are very affordable too , and pretty fresh as well . i had no trouble grabbing the food that i intended to buy . the crowd is n't as big as the other two supermarkets that i mentioned , so the lineup for checkout was short and it was really easy to find a parking space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good deals and really cheap . we travel all the way from downtown toronto to shop their when we have a chance but i have one big problem with this store . at the checkout cash , did you see the dirty on the registers ? it is disgusting . perhaps the owners should spend some of their profits and have a team of 10 ..no , 100 people come in and clean and scrub the dirty away . there is nothing better than a clean store ... like t & t , loblaws etc ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was on my way to work one day , and i ended up locking my keys in my car . my spare car key was in my apartment ( for which that key was locked in my car on my key ring ) . lucky for me , i managed to grab my phone before i locked my keys inside the car . i called squaw peak lock and key . a locksmith showed up , was very friendly and ready to help . he quickly opened my car door , no damage or hassle . though it 's frustrating , and somewhat embarrassing to be locked out , the guy was very understanding and gave me a reasonable price ( i 'm sure i 'm not the only one who does n't like to have to pay to simply pop a lock ) . he even offered to make a duplicate key for me to avoid future lockouts , but i assured him i had one . i 'd definitely call them if i ever get locked out again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all good . works hard , knows what he 's doing , provided several options and all associated costs . would hire again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed to have our house rekeyed and adam was able to arrive at short notice and do the re-keying . the rate was very reasonable and he also changed a lock in the garage that we did n't have the key for . we would use squaw peak lock and key again for future services or if we get locked out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam was everything i could have asked for in a locksmith - easy to work with , punctual , efficient , professional , and friendly . highest recommendation ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam cam over to re-key a new rental house . he arrived on time , gave a fair price , and completed the job in exactly the estimated time . then , he ensured that i tried each lock to make sure they all worked as expected . i 'll definitely call him again next time i have a need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i got locked out of my car the other day while i was running into a gas station . so i whip out my phone and search for a locksmith , and these guys popped up . i was n't sure about a company with no reviews , but they could get there fastest and my engine was running . they showed up pretty quick and the guy that helped me out was pretty friendly . ca n't say i liked paying to have a door popped , but i should n't have left the keys in the engine and it was n't too bad anyway ! i think the tech said they do house locks as well , but i have n't needed that before . well , who knows what the future may bring !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to say excellent job on getting my key programmed ... . i was really hesitate at first as heard about scams but will say the communication was awesome throughout the process and highly recommend to anyone in need of help ... . you have a client for life.. thanks again ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a new key made for my car after i misplaced my last set . he was there on time with professional expertise and delivered great service . he even gave me a discount for mentioning yelp ! 10 10 would recommend again . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a 2008 pt cruiser and i replaced my battery which caused my car to go into anti-theft mode , meaning my key had to be reprogrammed . i talked to adam i told him the problem and he verified that he would be able to do it first . he told me it was a 50 50 chance it would work if it did n't i would still be charged $ 50 , it was worth a shot . he sent a technician out to reprogram the key , the key initially did not work . even though the key did not work the technician did troubleshoot some issues to see why my car would n't start . he even made me and extra key at no charge ! i had my car towed to a shop and the problem was my battery was loose ... ... .put the new key he gave me in for free and the car started right up . adam and his staff are exceptional and a helped me a great deal . i would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cin cin pronounced chin chin which means cheers in italian ! this is a great little bistro type lounge . it is a posh little lounge with unique little decorations and a small patio great for small groups . the food here is excellent the service is good and this place is never real busy so it is a nice place to enjoy a quick bite before you do the club scene so you do n't get extremely wasted on an empty stomach , a great little starter place for you and some friends . the location is great too , right across from the w and and down the street from axis n radius , suede , and pcl . this is definitely a good spot to meet at for before binge drinking in old town . i got a bottle of pelgrino water and the stuff portabello mushroom , with the vinaigrette spinach . this was excellent probably one of the better portabello mushroom meals i have eaten around the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is it a restaurant or a bar ? i am not sure . we went there late night because we asked around and it was one of the few places that still advertised having a kitchen open , it seemed like over 70 % of the menu was `` sold out '' ... ... sold out form last week ? we looked around the restaurant to see what everyone one was eating and it looked like food from everywhere in old town except cin cin kitchen . joe 's pizza looked good 2 guests were enjoying it and another table was eating cheesesteaks so we went to philly sandwich and wrote that place off as a huge waste of time . attn . owner- spend less on the bouncing staff ( gorillas ) and put the money into keeping your kitchen stocked , would have loved to try the food ... ... . if there was any ... .i can get a 9 dollar g & t any where in oldtown", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my buddy was djing on saturday night at cin cin so i headed out with some friends . i had already ate so just got some drinks which were poured very kindly . one of my friends got a penne pasta with chicken and chipotle sauce that he said was good and very spicy . there was a decent crowd all night then at 2am a huge amount of people came in and it was really going for about an hour and a half till closing time . overall a cool little restaurant club .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 're in this home depot at least once a week ! actually , it seemed as if we were in here two or three times a week for christmas items and to compare prices of stoves ( and microwaves ) . ours died just after thanksgiving . other stops along our magical mystery journey were , lowe 's near in 'n out , sears appliance on northsight and best buy . propane refills , christmas trees , pool chemicals , water filters for the refrigerator , plants for the yard and a 240 watt three prong electrical plug and plate , are just some our recent purchases . oh , and along the way we continued to browse for stoves and ovens . it seems to never end . er , enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "time for a review update . since we moved here a few years ago , this home depot location has been our 'go to ' store . the employees here are very helpful and willing to take the time to help us find what we need . from making keys to buying air filters on a regular basis , we are able to take care of our home improvement needs here . they 've consistently delivered good service and should be recognized for it . we 'll keep coming back . return factor - 90 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice home depot , even for chandler . this is loads better than the only one i have available on thomas and 40th street , so i make do with what i got . i came in for gardening supplies and found all sorts of shovels and picks for 88 cents , which was a screaming deal . got a hose for $ 5.00 , and some weed killler , and called it a day . quick service , got offered help out even though they were busy , and i would definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is like disneyland to me ! i could stay here for hours . the staff is extremely helpful and they have anything you could possibly need . i ended up getting screen doors one visit and the associate helped me save a ton of money by showing me they actually have some discounted sections in each department for items that were either returned or had a ding or scratch on them . i saved hundreds of dollars on 3 screen doors that looked brand new but were returned for one reason or another . another visit i ended up getting a few ryobi tools that are all battery powered with a universal battery ! ! talk about convenience ! sign up online to receive coupons and specials via text and email . you can even add the coupons to your apple wallet and get all receipts emailed to you which i think is extremely convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update ! went back to the store to complain and the manager sat with us as we explained the situation . he took notes and wrote our information down . we were n't expecting anything but he told us to expect a gift card in the mail . we were really appreciative that he listened to us and we 're very happy that he wanted to make things right . well guess what ? it 's two months later and no gift card ! never . shopping . here . again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it always seems like they are understaffed at the registers . today was the topper , when they had a person that said `` i am totally new here '' handling the self check out lanes and all the other lanes ( except contractor lane ) were closed . it was a mess , but typical of what i have come to expect from this location . i usually go to the shea and 101 store even though this one is closer to my house . i have had other issues here and probably average a 75 % disappointment when it comes to service issues . funny though , each time i start to forget my last experience i get reminded of why i dislike it so much by yet another bad experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i worked with joel to get shutters and blinds . he 's very knowledgeable and efficient . he knows the business and the people coming to your home . there 's usually a line of people waiting to see him . be patient . it 's worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had carpet installed through home depot a little more than three years ago . a little before two years there developed some rippling around high traffic areas . we had someone come out and stretch those areas . but we forgot one area so we called them again to come out . someone came out to look at it and said they can not stretch the carpet in the impacted area . they want us to take everything out of the room and have the entire carpet in that room stretched . this is a problem because of a large bed frame and other furniture that would be hugely difficult to disassemble and move . we would like just the area in question stretched . what 's odd is the previous carpet that we had for over 15 years never needed stretching . i do n't know if the fact that our current carpet needs stretching so soon is because of inferior carpet , inferior installation or something else . i do know we will not use home depot again for flooring or anything major .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service at the n hayden road store . everyone is always very nice and helpful . the store seems larger than some other home depots in the area . dog friendly is another big plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i 've ever experienced bad service in any home depot in 20 years . the initial guy who asked to help me was nice , but then he passed me to their `` electrical expert . '' i met up with him and told him i was told to talk to him . the guy looked at me like i had just interrupted him from saving someone 's life . then , when i asked him for help with small fans to exhaust heat from a box with electronics in it , he made it very obvious that i was wasting his time . `` i do n't have anything for you . you need to check somewhere else ! ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst online store shopping experience ever . inventory counts were wrong , nichole at the hayden scottsdale az store was condescending and dismissive when i asked about the incomplete order but full price receipt . took 2 more trips to 2 more stores and a manager 15 minutes to get it straightened out . wo n't do that again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got the cutest key made and the person who made it did n't seem very sure on what he was doing . got to my place and and key failed to work both of them . overal the place is nice but they need a better key maker due to the fact every time i get one made it never works and i always have to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "aweful customer service , i had to bug joan just to take my check at self checkout . not attentive at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service ! i was looking for a chandelier fixture for my house and lee helped us our right away . he also set us up with someone to come install it ! i was later helped by another gentlemen to find a couple storage racks immediately . great place and wonderful customer service . very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't show up at 7:56 on sunday . the store closes at 8 . you 'll be turned away . not the place to go if you 're looking for `` helpful '' hardware professionals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i had a groupon given to me from here and i went yesterday morning ... the service was okay..they should say in fine print that to take off gel it 's going to be extra . i had this lady i think her name was janice she had a very strong irish accent ... she was nice..her wrist was scarred up and her hand hurt so it took a long time got there at 10 and left after 1..the mani and pedi was okay . she charged me extra for gel on my toes when i did n't have gel on my toes she even knew that and still did n't knock it off . but a lot of my finger nails are slanted not even straight ... she filed my nails at an angle ... really upset about that it 's not even a straight line on my nails ... i ca n't even file my own nails because of the gel it 'll ruin it . it was cool to come to a nail salon where you can actually understand and talk to them but not sure if i 'd be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i unfortunately ca n't tell you about the service . the lack of professionalism and communication is astounding . i have been rescheduled twice then when i show up for my appointment the salon is open and no one is there ! ! no receptionist not a soul ! they need to be careful about leaving this place completely unattended . i would not recommend nor will i ever be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought the groupon for my set of gels mani & pedi , it was $ 40 collectively ! everything was done in a timely manner . cute and smaller salon ! make sure to make an appointment . also make sure to leave a message if your call is n't answered . my nail artist did not do acrylics but did a great job on my gels ! i got exactly what i wanted !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the other day someone from the salon texted and inquired if i would like to schedule another mani-pedi . i declined , letting the person know that i was not happy with my previous experience . they texted again , apologizing and asking who my nail technician was . i did not tell them , because as stated in my original review , she was a very nice woman who was distracted by running the shop alone . the person then offered me a free mani-pedi . i declined again because i am still very unhappy , plus i remembered the poor selection of gel colors . i hope the owners read the posts here on yelp to help them improve .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "woww . where to start . got a groupon deal . they had the wrong number and address . i called the number on the salons website . no answer on a saturday . i called so many times . i then call groupon . they had to contact the owner to tell them to call me . salons website is terrible . none of those ppl even work there . there 's a new manager . update your website ! the salon was so hard to find . it 's connected to a rehab center . 10 colors to choose from . the samples had smudges ! no hot towel for pedi . instead , a rough hard towel . not even sure if the tools were sanitized . my technician was wearing a sweater with holes in it . her co worker had a white wife beater with gray sweats sitting bare foot right next to me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here yesterday for a regular mani and spa pedi . the groupon was $ 28 reg price $ 50 . the venue is kind of hidden so make sure you do n't drive by . there is a rehab place and music 4life on the same building . there is a cozy feel about the inside . there is a waiting area , the manicure & hair cut is in another room and the pedicure section is in another area . my nail tech janice is efficient and friendly . i forget how great it is to get some hand massage and foot massage as she does the mani pedi . she does gel polish as well but not acrylic . she told me if i come back , it would be $ 35 which is a great price . look for her when you decide to try this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "made an appointment yesterday . no one was there for it today . waited 10 minutes without being acknowledged . had to walk around to find someone to talk to . place was being remodeled and was cluttered and dirty looking . no thanks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to reccomend this place to all the people . the persons there are really nice . today i was attended for aliona , what a very pleasant and helpful girl , she take care of me and my daughter . she works so good and we have a lot of fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a gel mani pedi deal in groupon but most salons through them were booked . i was lucky enough when i called t.h.e . salon and they were able to squeeze me in the following day . the salon it self is right next to a rehab place , and i found that that kinda weird . i was booked with janice but when i got there she told me she did n't do nail art so i was transferred over to mandy . i liked the fact that janice was honest and preferred to send me over to someone who was better qualified to provide me with better service rather than taking . mandy was wonderful ! she was able to copy the design that i wanted and also advised me on how to make it better . she 's very friendly and upbeat . on top of that , the price is superb ! $ 70 for gel mani and pedi with nail art . just do n't come on mondays because they provide service to the rehab patients .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hi bought a groupon for a mani pedi and i 'm glad i did . maria was great ! she was very gentle and fun to talk to . her hand arm and foot massage was fantastic ... the best i 've ever had ! ! ! i would definitely recommend her . i feel so relaxed now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this salon many times and usually received pretty good service for the price . i love janice she 's a real sweetheart and wonderful person . keri is also wonderful and gives a great pedicure . but , the last time i was there the receptionist was in a big hurry to leave and ask if i would pay before i received my service . i presented my groupon which my daughter gave as a gift and she said i could not use it because i had used a groupon in the past . i was like what ! ! ! ! ... .. so she checked with someone ( i think it was the owner ) and they also said i could not use it.she said i should get my money back from groupon . horrible horrible customer service will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after the reviews , i was a little nervous.. i thought the service was great . i walked in and was immediately sat down and felt welcomed . i didnt really pay attention to the color selection because i saw what i wanted almost immediately.. maria was my tech . she was great . very personable and great at what she does . we laughed and talked during the mani . she let me relax during the pedi . one of the nicer mani and pedis i 've had . i will def be back to see maria .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place i love these ladies they are so fun and full of life i felt like i could kick my feet up and relax because i was at home they made me feel so comfortable and welcome i 'm very excited about my color my manicurist kari is the bomb ! how could i not come back with all the love and care i received today", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there a while back because i got a groupon . i had a mani pedi done by a woman with the strongest accent ... irish or something . she was nice enough but there was hardly any colors to choose from , i was left waiting in the foot bath so she could eat some food ... and the tub did n't look the cleanest , i should have skipped the pedi at that point ... . but after all was said and done ... my polish was getting chippy so i removed it all ... .. and oh my hell ! ! ! i kid you not , i got toenail fungus from that nasty place ! ! ! i know it was this place because i only treated myself to getting my nails done once in a very blue moon ... it had been years prior ... . please think twice before you get a pedi at this place ... now i have a lifelong reminder of what they did to me ! if only they cleaned better . it 's such a shame . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recommend everyone to get there hair and nails done here ! such a clean , friendly , and relaxing environment could n't ask for a better experience ! pricing is very reasonable and i will forsure continue to go back and being all of my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly disappointed with my experience visiting the salon today . i came here on a groupon deal for $ 17 ... i thought , great ! it 's pretty inexpensive , so i 'll give it a shot . i called ahead yesterday before purchasing my groupon to make an appointment , and the girl on the phone told me that she would honor the groupon price , so i did n't bother buying the groupon . then when i come in for my appointment today , a different girl would n't honor it ! she even called the girl that i spoke with , and they still would n't give me the $ 17 rate . the actual mani-pedi itself was pretty average . definitely not worth $ 29 . i highly recommend going somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bebe was awesome . i went to solutions many years ago and was excited to know it 's right off campus . everybody was super friendly and bebe makes the visit personable . i 'm going to be coming back and i hope to have found my new nail place ! i used a groupon this time so i 'm unsure of the actual prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the salon is my favorite local salon . the girls are both professional and friendly . it 's an overall amazing experience that everyone should check out ; ) the salon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i bought the groupon for gel mani-pedi . it was a steal as for 40 bucks you get both mani-pedi . first of all it 's pretty hard to get appointment for the group . i had to wait for a week to get the appointment . on the day of my appointment i was running late and they were pretty nice about rescheduling me to a later time . i have to say my nail stylist did give me a lot of attention . i am super happy with my pedicure . i got red glittery polish which looks very cute . i got french manicure but it 's not the best work i have seen . the lines are a little uneven . there are also not a lot of colors to choose from for hands . also the salon itself is not very stylish . lot of chairs are broken and you can see the place looks a little run down . all said and done , it 's still a steal for 40 dollars if you can see past the salon decor . i am going back again for my 2nd groupon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did a balayage in a different location for over $ 170 which turned out terrible . i never went to the salon before but since i know the owner i wanted to give it a try and see if they can fix it . angella my hair dresser did a phenomenal job fixing the damage that was caused by the other haidresser . she was kind , personable , patient and just great ! i love my hair now especially that i paid half of what i paid the first time . if you want to get a balayage , highlights or nails , angella is the girl . i dont know about the previous negative reviews but i had a great experience . give it a chance and you will not regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never never again . do n't go there even for free mani pedi master bebe fucked up all my nails guys , i was with my husband . and we were in shock when we saw our nails and attitude that we get from this lady 's it 's so dirty place i did my nails yesterday", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am giving this place 5 stars solely because of taylor . she is amazing with hair ! my spouse and i have never had a bad experience with her and everytime she does our hair we are impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it would be great if the number you 're supposed to call the night before actually works . i 've been trying to call to verify or if i am excused but i ca n't seem to get through .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get summoned every 18 to 24 months . apparently , they do n't follow the law to pick randomly from voter registration . if they did , this would n't happen with the number of population , and the number of registered voters in clark county . would i be a fair and unbiased juror ? probably not anymore ... . i 'll just toss a coin , vegas style . lol what really ticks me off is that , i work in a highly safety sensitive position . this jury selection screws up my work schedule and my sleep schedule . and i 'm sure they know that . yeah , it 's like i do n't serve the public enough already . losing all my respect for these clowns .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "summoned for jury duty . fuck this shit . so fucking boring . wasted my whole day here stayed longer than 5pm . paper said it would n't last after 5pm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for those of you who like hitting things with sticks to make loud noises , then this is the place to go . they have an amazing selection of different brands , cymbals , accessories , sticks and well , drums . the shop often has sales on so you can get some good deals on a lot of items . the staff are great , obviously really into music and great at recommending things to suit your needs . this shop is probably edinburgh 's best drum shop as it is devoted purely to drums so it has the largest selection . worth a visit for any drummer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drum central is must for all drummers , as its stock of drums and related equipment is extensive and specialised . even those of us that can nary distinguish between a djembe and dumbek can marvel at the selection of drums , just because they 're so cool . as well as kits , bongos , congas , djembe tambourines and shakers are all available . imagine how cool it would be to work here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the best ever equipped drum shop i have seen in my life . a hughe variety of products : mapex , tama , zijdian , sabian , paiste , pro mark , vic firth , pearl , remo - you name it they have it ( and if they do n't they could probably order it for you ! ) . as for price range it is big as the stock . apart from drum kits they sell cymbals , bass pedals , drum sticks , stands , covers and a big range of accessories ( like gloves , cymbal cleaners ect. ) . if you 're a drummer then this is the place you can go at any time - if not to buy than just maybe to ask for professional help - the staff is extremly helpful and friendly . top shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drum central is a complete must see for all drumming enthusiasts . the shop has an extremely extensive selection of different drums including pearl , sabian , pro mark and remo . you name it , they have got it ! they also sell drums for pipe bands and have a huge range of different cymbals , drum sticks and bass pedals . drum central have a vast range of drumming accessories such as gloves , earphones , clamps and amplifiers . bongos , tambourines and conga 's are also for sale . the prices are very wide ranging in this shop , with a full drum set available from about \u00a3250 to \u00a3750 . the staff in drum central are highly knowledgeable about everything drum related and are happy to suggest which drums would best suit what a customer is after . drum central is extremely well equipped and is definitely the place for all drummers to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this here is the newest location in mississauga , and is quite nice with various types of seatings from couches , chairs , high chairs , to booths and plus they have a patio in the summer . the server was very nice and friendly and they also brought our drinks to the table . i had their hazelnut latte and reese 's peanut butter slice of cake . the coffee was good and the cake was very good . the coffee at this place is n't bad , so its good to check it out . for the internet lovers , they have wifi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered 3 coffees- 2 cappuccinos and one house blend . the coffee tastes burnt in all orders and staff asked multiple times what the order was and they still forgot to put the sugar in . unfortunate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like coming here for the end of a date to relax have a coffee ( or iced frap ) and talk after dinner . it 's like starbucks but cozy and more homely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this coffee place is just ok . i find the service and the products are a hit or miss . if i was in the area and desperate for a coffee nearby i may stop here but the few times i have eaten here the food was only so so . i would not return to purchase any food in the near future . the service is so so . sometimes the cashier at the counter is friendly and other times they are not . also the person making my sandwich on my most recent visit was not wearing a hair net and i thoroughly tried to inspect my food before consuming but i was a bit turned off before even eating it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "right at warner and price , just east of the 10 you will find brubaker 's . i stumbled on them yesterday and tried a bagel sandwich with a decaf coffee . the atmosphere is very light and airy for a coffee house and the furnishings are rather elegant . nice touches abound . i had my sandwich on a whole wheat bagel . ham , egg and provolone . it was obvious that everything was freshly prepared and the sandwich was nice . the bagel was perfectly resistant to the teeth before yielding it 's fresh grainy goodness . my decaf was fine . nothing notable about the coffee good or bad . service was friendly and accommodating . the large pastry display had some very delicious looking baked goods . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff are very friendly and remember you when you visit repeatedly . beautiful open dining area inside and umbrella tables outside for when you want to enjoy the view of the mountains or take in some fresh air . pastries are just as delicious as anywhere else you will find and even have sugar free or low cal options . i 'd highly recommend supporting this local bakery and coffee shop . i have to edit this because i ca n't express enough how fresh the baked goods are ... i `` reverted '' to a `` popular coffeehouse '' once and was instantly reminded why i like brubaker 's ... the muffin was cold and had that `` just thawed out '' feeling . spend the same amount at brubaker 's and get 300 % better product in the baked goods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here yesterday afternoon for a pick me up . had a hard time deciding between the lemon creme scone and the carrot spice muffin . went with the muffin and am so glad i did ! it was so good . lots of flavor , lots of chunks of real carrots and other good stuff inside . not dry at all . only disappointment was the cream cheese that was on top all ended up in the bag instead of on my muffin . sadness : ( i also got an iced latte that was very good . i only wish i had gotten a bigger one than small , because it went way too fast . i 'll return here for sure . i really want to try that lemon creme scone !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to get some good coffee and even better pastries that are baked on site ! awesome ! if you are there , take a minute to say hello to adrian and jessica who are great as well . it is also good to note they have a drive-thru as well in case you are on-the-go . there is also lots of room with various sized tables and some cushy chairs so you can either curl up with you a good book , work on a solo project or have a meeting there and not worry about space . they also have a couple of tables outside and they are internet friendly . a great combination of service , products and location - what more could you as for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brubakers has become my go-to spot for the times that i need to get out of the house , and get some work done . i ca n't remember the name of the barista that usually serves me , but she 's always extremely helpful ( and giggly ) . i give brubakers 4 stars for the service and reliable wi-fi . their coffee satisfied me , but i 'm the farthest thing from a coffee aficionado .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sugar free carmel sauce ... . yum ! i am a huge fan of brubaker 's coffee house . i frequent this location a couple times per week before work ... and sometimes mid day when i need a boost . ; - ) the service is great ! i use the drive -thru and i am always on my way in less than 5 minutes , something i ca n't say about starbucks ! their pastries are baked fresh and their breakfast sandwiches made to order ( and are huge ! ) . my favorite thing about brubaker 's is their selection of sugar-free items , being hypoglycemic i need to watch my sugar intake and tend to have a minimal selection of sugar free syrups to choose from . at brubaker 's they have syrups , sauces and no refined sugar pastries ... so i am not limited to one or two choices . if you are in the area , skip starbucks and hit up brubaker 's , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love stopping at brubakers after my morning workout at lifetime fitness just down the way . the best part is that whether i 'm on my way to work and in a hurry , or just have n't had the chance to shower after the gym , i can go through their drive thru for delicious coffee and a snack . this morning i got the lemon poppy seed muffin top and it is good ! insert muffin top joke here the top has a little bit of a crust and the inside is moist and soft ; perfect with my coffee . i usually try to stay away from muffins since they are n't exactly full of wonderful nutrients , however $ 1.50 for a muffin top fills my craving and saves on the wallet too . plus , we all know the top of the muffin is the best part . i 've also had breakfast inside once or twice and it is a nice atmosphere and friendly staff . the breakfast sandwiches and burritos are good too ! if you get a chance , stop by !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place had such promise from the outside . looks hip and has a nice space . we sat down and ordered from their decent veer list , which came quickly , but then for some reason it took about 50 minutes to get our meal . it did n't seem all that busy and food was visibly backed up on the kitchen line the waitress was nice enough to give us a discount because of the delay , but waiting almost an hour for mediocre food was just not acceptable . and then to boot , my friend got sick with diarrhea and vomit all night . we did n't eat or drink anywhere else , so i think it was from this place . overall , i would not recommend this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so ... are you closed ? this is what we asked as we sat upstairs waiting for 15 minutes before anyone actually gave us any notice . we went downstairs to grab a cocktail and brought it upstairs to sit down . no hostess ... no one even bothered to look over for 15 minutes . it was n't until we actually stop someone walking by for the fifth time to ask if they were closed that the waitress said oh ... `` well you had drinks so we figured you were served at the bar . '' yes we were served at the bar but not offered any menus so we came upstairs for food . we were told ... yeah you have to ask for menus . is this the new age of dining ? i really hope not . if you go to cornish pasty eat before you arrive , only come for drinks and go downstairs . more than likely , that 's the only place you will get served .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful service and the food is okay , but prepared by people running their hands through their hair , scratching their beards then handling the food . everyone working here had the too cool for school attitude . nobody approached us to let us know you seat yourself . this place tries to be more of a scene than a great food spot . it fails to execute in both areas . i heard the tempe spot was great , so when they opened a downtown phoenix location i thought i 'd give it a try . i recommend you pass .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really cool joint with comfortable vibes and music . great selection of beers . i never had this kind of food before but i must say i am a fan . it is a bit saltier then i was used to but i 'm telling you it was so freaking good . i got the tiki masala and it was not bad ! tasted like a tiki masala in sandwich bun form . a bit strange eating it with your hands rather then scooping it off a plate . i tried some of my friends royal with cheese which is their burger version and this might be a good one for someone who does n't want to get all wild with their tastebuds . they also got darts and a pool table up top . come here for great a night of company , conversations , beer , and food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent location with open doors and windows to the sidewalk patio on monroe st . relaxed atmosphere , friendly staff and great comfort food . it 's a welcome addition to our downtown neighborhood . long time coming but very well done and glad to have this pub to go to as a local resident .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the best soft opening i 've been to . everyone was frazzled . we ordered two scotch eggs but they only had one left : ( and was n't particularly good . it took about 15 min and three different people to confirm there was a vegan pasty available though the menu said there would always be two options and none of the dessert ones we wanted were available . everyone in our party thought the food was overly salty , including the mushy peas . the service was n't great , but forgivable since he was brand new and was trying so very hard to please us with a great attitude while being completely lost . i hope they can improve over time . i would try it again maybe after giving them a few more months .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped by around 6pm on a monday with a friend , the place was pretty empty so we were able to find a spot very easily ... the first person who saw me looking around approached me with a huge smile and told me they had 3 levels and to sit wherever , very nice first impression . ordered the broccoli & cauliflower cheese bake to start which was pretty good , had quite a bit of cheese and veggies ... then i ordered the cajun chicken and my friend got the italian . the crust was perfect and all of the ingredients worked well together . overall the service was great and we had a good time , only reason i gave them 4 stars was because our appetizer and the pasties came out at the same time which is always annoying to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , great service . staff is very friendly and the tunes were awesome . three level restaurant and every level has its only little vibe . the lounge is my personal favorite , but their street level bar where your able to watch the cooks make the pasties is a close second .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are still in the process of their soft opening so they have a limited menu . luckily `` the pilgrim '' was there which is my go-to and it was delicious ! food took a bit longer than i 'm use to but again they are about a week open . i 'll be back soon to see how they run with the full menu and if they can pick up the pace . the atmosphere is perfect , very nice flow through out and reminds me of the mill ave location the most . bright and open on the main floor , dark with a large bar up top . i did n't get a chance to look around down stairs but was told their is additional seating . it was a great experience overall !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun hipster vibe with 3 levels - lower lounge , first level bar tops , second floor billiards and bar top tables . great group of friendly staff . wide variety ( that 's an understatement ) of pasties . delicious greek salad with excellent green garlicky dressing . the guiness pasty has much cheesy goodness and some hearty flavor and good presence of rosemary . you can see the staff making fresh pasties front-of-house as you sip a brew on the first floor . their desserts are all house made and the dark chocolate brandy bread and butter bread pudding is excellent ( with the creme anglaise of course ! ) . the banofee pie is great as well . looking forward to trying the tikka masala salad or pasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance is amazing ! food is fantastic . what an awesome venue and great addition to downtown phoenix . check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , friendly staff , great atmosphere , and import beers from places i 've never heard of before ... . had a awesome evening there the hardest part was leaving . love the new place very well put together ! ! ! ! ! 5 stars all day long in my book . try the meat and cheese for the safe people and carne avado if ya like a little spice in your life . desserts are yummy too . we will be back soon thanks again ... .my wife recommends the pasta salad ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have already been to the new location 3 times . same great food , same great beer , same great service , but , man , what a lay-out ! three floors with a bar on each . pool tables , church pews , dim lighting , brick walls , 80s metal playing , beer flowing . wow-woah-weeeee . ( i did that in a christopher walken voice ) typically , i am a str8 oggie or bangers and mash type of guy with the occasional sprinkle of shepard 's pie . however , new developments have occurred in my life . and just between you and me ... wow-woah-weeee . i am talking about the roast dinner . order it . roast beef , potatoes , rutabaga . and then , just when you are lulled into a savory sense of security bam that ms. candi karat and sir sprout von brussels come in and do a number on ya ! bing bang boom ! pow pow ! yawk yawk yawk yawk . excuse me . just go and i will stop embarrassing myself", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great visit to cornish pasty . we prefer to sit on the lower level of this gorgeous three-story restaurant . we were served by a bar tender and started with the tandoori chicken wings , very tasty ! we split the cheeseburger royale as our entree , which we both enjoyed other than picking out the mushrooms . my only complaint about cornish is that you can not customize because they make the pasties ahead of time and just bake them when ordered . we were offered a nice selection of adult beverages and enjoyed the dark and swanky atmosphere this level offers . a good value for the food and just a neat place to bring out of town guests or when looking for a great meal when in downtown phoenix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "props to all who were involved with the creation of this location . food is amazing and the downstairs cocktail lounge is my favorite spot in the house . . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fries were burnt to shit . jalape\u00f1os were so burnt they were black . service was terrible . over priced for nasty food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has quickly become one of my favorite places to eat downtown ! our waitress was friendly and attentive . the food is really good , my favorite is the guiness stew pasty and their potato leak soup ! also their bread and butter is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of hardee 's on vine st . the place is always cleen . the service is quick and on point . i really love the thick burger and the frisco burger in particular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hardee 's ! right over here in lake county ! the service was great and the place was spotless . of course the food is the best of all the fast food places around . while we went for dinner this time , the breakfast stuff here is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i encourage anyone who may feel disgruntled by our current health care system , been left poorly attended by a general physician , or feel ripped off by the lack of good quality care to seek the advice of a naturopathic doctor . forces of nature , while costly , is a warm and inviting place that has staff available at specific times through out the week . the first appointment is about $ 175 ( students get a discount ) but you 'll go through more in that hour and a half than your own gp ever has . i can only give this clinic an a-ok rating however because i did find them very expensive . besides the cost , however , i would recommend this clinic to someone seeking the advice of a naturopath , or looking for alternative approaches to health care .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my review is based on massage services only . had a massage from helen for relaxation ( rmt ) . it was the best massage i 've had in over a year - since losing my therapist of 5 years - and trying all kinds of other clinics . i like very little pressure and found i was never in discomfort . when i wanted more pressure time spent on my feet , she went back and did them again . very relaxing . nice soft music with nature sounds - elastics for your hair if you forget one . definitely the best i 've had in the area ! the only downfall is that you can hear the muffled sounds of people talking in the reception area other treatment rooms ... but i have n't really found anywhere in toronto where the massage room is 100 % sound-proof from adjacent noise . i think she 's worth a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came across this clinic while looking for a massage place close to home . been there twice so far with 2 more appointments booked and so far i 'm very happy with the service ! helen has magic hands and i always feel like a relaxed ball of mush at the end of a session . i love their online booking system and maria has been friendly and helpful when calling to confirm appointments . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not thrilled with their admin assistant who was a bit rude over the phone ( maria ) . not thrilled with the massage therapist ( kristie ) either who was stone faced and gave an okay massage . it 's a bit of a `` cold '' place . not your feel good smiley warm relaxing spa . cost of 60 min massage was $ 83 0r $ 86 including tax .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have seen dr. frank on and off over many years for various different ailments . i have always found her to be kind , professional and very courteous . what i really liked is that she does n't push supplements and only recommends them if she feels they will be of benefit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am extremely happy with the service here and so far am having great results from treatment . i 've never felt better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with bailey ' review . it 's not a super warm or cozy or friendly place , it 's ok though . i went to chiro there before and it was good . i went to a massage therapist a while ago who was pretty good , but my last massage was pretty crummy . i also saw on the wall that the masseuse was a very new graduate which explained why she seemed to have nervous hands while massaging , a little shaky and unsure . kinda made me feel uneasy and hard to relax .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have had two sons go through psat prep with adam with exceptional results . both sons reached commended status for national merit narrowly missing semi-finalist status . both were well-prepared for the sat and act as well with no addtional prep needed beyond what they did with adam for the psat . if adam has a `` secret '' it might be that he knows how to help his students take down the stress level a notch during a time that can typically be very stressful . i have one more child to go through the college admissions process and she will absolutely be prepping with the test whisperer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam , aka the test whisperer , is the best in the biz . without his expertise , i do n't think i ever would have been accepted into my dream school . thanks adam !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam is a true genius ! his ability to connect with each and every student and address their different learning needs is amazing . my son has done so much better on the sat since adam started working with him ! thank you adam for all you do ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to adam for sat act prep and i can confidently say that it was one of the best decisions that i made for my academic career . he helped me master both tests and subsequently get into my dream school ( fight on ! ) , he also gave me invaluable advice about how to make my college applications stand out . thank you for all of your help adam !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish there were a sprouts near me but when i 'm near one i always stop in & pick up a few things . i love the atmosphere here compared to whole foods . workers are friendly , food is priced reasonably , & the shoppers seem more real , if that makes sense . ( it does to me . ) the first place i hit is the bulk food which has anything from candy & nuts to rice & dry beans . i save money & buy the amount i want by shopping in this section . then i 'll browse through the bakery & end up at the fruits & vegetables . the produce at sprouts is the main reason i love this place . prices are as low as anyplace in town & the stock is fresh & beautiful . thank you sprouts for serving us here in las vegas ... ... but could you open another store near me in the mid south ? tip : back by the restrooms there 's a clearance rack where i 'll often find something i never knew i needed , lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd never been to a sprouts prior to this one opening on stephanie but i 'm almost hooked now . much closer to me than trader joe 's , i have a feeling this will become one of my favorite shopping spots . this location is new , clean , and amazingly organized ! i love the selection ( and prices ) of fresh produce . i like the boar 's head deli selection . and the bulk section is huge with a ton of awesome options . of course , being so new there are still a few kinks that need to be worked out . at busy times the deli counter seems like a bit of a cluster . one of the cashiers took for . freaking . ever . to bag our groceries , carefully plotting which items would be bagged together . i appreciate the thoughtfulness of this but it needs to be a speedier process . also , it was hell moving through the produce section between all the customers shopping and employees restocking . welcome to the neighborhood , sprouts ! i will be back often !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been in this store 8-9 times now and write this today after a 'last straw ' moment . sprouts comes across like a health foods store started by people who previously sold knockoff sunglasses at the mall . a box of cut watermelon i bought yesterday tasted like mealy styrofoam and gave me violent stomach cramps . the pineapple box was underripe and pure acid . but make no mistake , everything prepared i 've ever bought at sprouts is disgusting . their tuna melts are mayonnaise bombs , their avocados are brown and rotten inside , their 'sushi ' is an affront to fish and all prepared heat and serve meals and soups seem to have been created by people who know nothing about what food is supposed to taste like . groceries are groceries , ca n't judge those . and the staff is friendly and well meaning . but do yourself a favor and stay away . vons has better fruits and vegetables and i 'd rather drive to whole foods or even glazier 's on the west side for prepared meals..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love sprouts - just not this one . i dealt with 2 employees that were just plain rude - one was a stock clerk on the floor and one a cashier . i was simply wanting to know whether a certain product came in bulk and they both seemed extra annoyed to respond to me . needless to say i will not be back to this location , even if it means sacrificing convenience . i would even choose to shop at whole foods on the other side of town for a few more dollars if it meant never having to receive that type of attitude again . for all you millennials , my experience translates to # yuck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like coming here to grab fruits and vegetables real quick when i do n't feel like going to smith 's . there 's no doubt their products are fresh , but depending on the season or however they feel - be warned that their prices can be pretty high for certain items . i once bought a piece of salmon assuming the price was by the lb like every other place , but low and behold it was actually price per piece . i 'll definitely not make that mistake again . you have been warned .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although a little pretentious for some , it is a great stop for anyone who is shopping outside of the mainstream diet . you will find a hefty selection for vegetatian , vegan , gluten free , low carb , raw , or whole food diets . there are n't too many products you could n't find a tad bit cheaper elsewhere , but i find the price makes up for having to buy all my groceries at different stores . they staff is always friendly , the store is well kept and stocked , and if you 're afraid of trying something new - they 'll either let you taste the item in store or gladly take it back if it does n't float your boat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love everything about it except the prices . wish great and healthy food did n't come with huge prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best prices on fish in las vegas . mostly previously frozen , buy looks better than the fresh fish in any other store . they run special discount on 2 different types weekly . swordfish at $ 5.99 a lb . same salmon . tilapia is $ 4.99 . since i 'm only 2 miles away i 'll buy the fish that is only on sale 2 times a week . peaches on sale at 99 cents for a week then $ 1.99 after the sale . very fresh everything ++ . i never buy organic , but they have it in spades . employees service is fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first sprouts i ever walked into , place is super clean i will say that . i did n't buy much but i really like the sushi and the specials they had going on for protein powder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg i love this sprouts . i also come here for meats . i usually have the butcher slice up fresh ones instead of getting the pre packaged ones even though they 're just as good . filet mignon is what i come here for . super tender and soft . my boyfriend loves the meat here even though sprouts is not his go to market.. he just sticks to smiths . but regardless , he ca n't deny his love fr the filet mignon from here . the butcher does a great job slicing the filet making sure there 's no fat or any silvery skin on it so it makes me job easier when i get home and cook it . the rest of the staff are super friendly as well and always willing to help . this is definitely my go to market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices here are great ! they do n't rip you off with everything that 's organic like whole foods usually does . the produce is always fresh and the same price as your standard grocery store . what really impressed me was the cost of meat . i always purchase meat from the meat market or an organic store and sprouts offers the best prices with the same quality and taste as whole foods . it 's a small store but offers almost everything you would find at your local grocery store . i recommend trying the pastries they bake there because they are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this small easy to find anything fresh market . really good prices on organic foods . great meat and seafood dept !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i walked in for the first time and instantly loved their produce , the prices are reasonable and the freshness is high quality . love the wide selections of products the store offers . definitely a returning customer !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , convenient , great healthy and fresh foods and produce . i really like this sprouts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm at sprouts with the girls in the protein aisle looking at bars at powders and and employee rushes over to approach us . there were several others in the aisle but she says , `` are you finding everything ok ? '' her tone sounded suspicious but i thought i was being too critical so i answered her , `` yes , thank you '' while wondering why she was only concerned about us . i wondered if she thought we were shoplifting as she kinda hovered . i grabbed a few sample packs of vegan protein and she she 's staring . she looks at me sincerely and says , `` you know you have to pay for those , right ? they are not free . '' i was in total disbelief . thank you sprouts for hiring such employees . i hate that in this day and age and in such a diverse community people can still be so classist and judgmental .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "glad to see more and more sprouts stores opening up here in las vegas . this one is clean and well organized like the others . they display their products well , especially the produce which is excellent . i always come out with more than i went in for because i always find something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to henderson from indiana and discovered sprouts , and this is my new favorite place to shop . i would have expected to pay a premium for natural organic foods but at sprouts they make it very affordable to eat great food . amazing selection of produce , wine , cheese , baked goods , meats ... ca n't beat it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no no no and no i was very turned off from the store from the get-go . you walking in the meat department is right there so all you smell is fish and mute . the layout of the store is just not attractive . it 's way too busy to find anything or even try to get help . in my opinion it 's a bunch of unnecessary products that are wayover really prius . i 've been in once bought one thing and will never return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i ca n't believe you can get produce so fresh for such low prices ! definitely worth an extra trip to get your produce or organic options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was very excited when they moved right next to us . enjoyed the first few trips but now on my last two i have had to return items ; first was the rotten chicken and next was the slimy lettuce . please get back to providing us with more fresh items and please use the fifo method as i feel new items get buried behind old items . they are very easy to deal with however when returning items but keep your receipts and check dates !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great store . very clean , lots of variety , and the people who work there are nice . try the orange-cranberry muffins . oh , and the prices are reasonable . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the fresh and variety selection of produce at sprouts . great offers and deals , not to mention the awesome staff makes you feel always welcome . if you want to have great quality products a an affordable price , this is definitely the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . it reminds me of whole foods . it has good ad prices- they even beat walmart and the mexican grocery store ads sometimes . and the huge produce section is so colorful : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to shop here on occasion . i have to drive 15 miles to get there but that 's okay . then i discovered the other day they have a homeopathy and wellness section . please ! in this day of science and reason to have a woo aisle is totally embarrassing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff is super helpful and friendly . the produce is first rate . i buy organic and i love their stuff . they have alot of sales . i also buy the rotisserie chicken , which is excellent . great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this location over the anthem one . i find it better stocked , cleaner and has more items . i find the anthem location bare and takes longer to shop or check out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "deli section sandwich review only . there are only a few sprouts locations in the valley . i think there are only three . this is the only location that has the black and blue panini . we stopped by after a day of fun at cowabunga bay and wow that panino was tasty and at $ 4.99 a steal . so we went to two other sprouts . one in the lakes ( where they were out of whole grain wheat , ciabatta , and good bunch of other stuff at lunch time ) and the other on rainbow ( ? ) and they had different sandwich menus and no b & b . for sure after cowabunga we will come back for a sandwich or panini .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their products are excellent and the customer service is great . i really love their deli roast chickens . every time i get one they are so well cooked that the meat is falling off the bone . after shopping here a few times , i do n't ever want to shop anywhere else for groceries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of healthy food options ! i buy all my fruit , vegetables , vitamins , meat , cheese here and the food is of great quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aside from solid customer service , and a consistent and pleasant shopping experience each time i shop here they also accept apple pay . five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sprouts is our main grocery store due to the fact that very few stores have such a large and cheap selection of vegan and organic food . very nice employees and a really clean store . their veggies and fruits have so far been a very good selection and definitely love the vegan choices they have here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this new store ! clean and spacious . they have some great deals . got 5 ruby red grapefruit for $ 1 so i bought 20 for my diet . also got 2pak of blueberries and also blackberries for $ 3 . look for their sales in their ads . the vitamins and supplements are also far more inexpensive than whole foods . lots of organic and fresh produce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how have i never left a review for sprouts come on now ! ! first of all let 's all get into the fact that the prices are amazing on double coupon day ! as well as sprouts commitment to it 's workers and us the consumer ! i really enjoy all the options sprouts has to offer from medicine , to alkaline water to fresh veggies , the deli and fresh baked items . one item in general i would like to point out from sprouts that i am obsessed with is the dinner meal ! yes the dinner meal lol for $ 12.00 bucks you can get an entire rotisserie chicken , with two side items , fresh bread and a gallon of green tea or sweet tea ! this deal makes my entire life ! that 's healthier and cheaper than some fast food . mix up your sides with brussels sprouts , broccoli , baked beans or corn . sprouts offers several options . look for the deals in your mailbox ! they always send out ads . not cheaper than trader joe 's if your wondering but still an awesome place to get groceries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "answer the phone and they understood me and visa vera =place is clean no complaints just but but a place i would come back to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , finally a henderson sprouts : ) cross between a small whole foods & trader joes gourmet feel , i 'm pleased to have organic fresh fruits and vegetables in the desert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without even having gone to any other room escape places i can likely tell this is `` the ghetto option '' . everything seemed super cheap low rent styles . as an experience its fun to do room escape but i can almost bet there is many other places to try that are of a higher standard then this ... . meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some clues were questionable on how anyone would figure it out . kinda low budget for the price we paid . under construction right now to build rooms , maybe not established yet ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm stunned at how bad and expensive this place was , even on a discount . zero ambiance . zero story . zero need for cooperation . heavy on the math problems . the rooms were bare office space with little to no attention to anything close to theatre . there was varied levels of damage that were marked with yellow warning tape . everything in the room was clearly bought during halloween at the dollar store . i ca n't imagine more than $ 20 worth of props were in the entire castle scene . i would never go again , even if they paid me $ 100 . do not go ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very upset with this business . i bought a groupon as a birthday present for my mom and a group of us ( 6 in total ) . i have been trying to contact xspace at the phone number they provided and have left several voicemail messages but no answer and no call back . the groupon expires in 10 days and my mom 's birthday has long passed . their voicemail inbox is now full .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "burrito chains are all the rage lately , and mucho burrito 's got a pretty good model - the menu is n't overwhelming , the prices are reasonable , the staff is friendly , the food is good , and they have a liquor license . they are n't the best burritos i 've ever had ( but hey , it 's a chain , what would i expect ? ) , but they 're reliable and decent . definitely a good reliable place to run for lunch - and they 're open into the evening ( the reason this location got a liquor license , apparently ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "liked it . amazing churios and burritos . can not give 5 stars cus i feel the portion size is not as good as other mexican restaurants i have been to . and that even though the burritos were good but they could have been better . otherwise the preparation is good , it 's a nicely kept and clean restaurant . have a variety of things on their menu . recommended . must try this restaurant as it wo n't fail you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is your typical canadian burrito chain . you choose what type of dish you want ( ie . taco , burrito , quesadilla , salad ) and you choose your meat or veggie option , then you choose your toppings . i decided on a barbacoa burrito . the first thing i noticed was the lack of topping choices . they did n't even have lettuce as an option , i had to make a special request . so the good thing is that everything seems pretty fresh but in general the burrito was pretty flavourless . i mean you ca n't expect too much for a chain burrito place but i have had better chain burritos in my life . my burrito got completely soggy and fell apart while i was eating it and in the end i did n't even care that it fell apart because it was n't that good to begin with . the place was clean and the staff was friendly but i think i 'll opt for other place next time because the food here was disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place is clean and the food is tasty . it has a very chipotle feel , but a bit warmer . the portions are good , and the value is average . i love that they have a more authentic flavor than most taco burrito places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location has gone downhill recently . ordered a veggie burrito bowl . typically when ordering a veggie , they will ask if you want more veggies to compensate for not having any meat . my veggies were not topped up and i received the same amount as my friend did who ordered their burrito with chicken . there was also minimal rice and the girl who helped us was quite stingy with the rest of the toppings as well . my completed order barely filled half the bowl . too expensive for too little food . i finished my meal and was still hungry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when it comes right down to it , this is fast food . there was nothing authentic mexican about it . on my first visit , i had a beef taco bowl salad . although it was a pretty mess , it lacked flavour , despite all the toppings and dressings . i hardly tasted the beef . i ordered a taco trio ( chorizo , beef , and pork ) on my next ( and last ) visit . the meat was dry and lacked freshness . again , there just was n't enough flavour . for just a couple of dollars more , i can get much better tasting , more authentic mexican food in a far more upscale atmosphere . on the bright side , the place is clean and bright and the staff are friendly but i ca n't recommend the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are into buritos , this is decent as far as chain stores go . it was tasty , it was hot , but after travelling around all these years its not original , but when you are hungry at least you know what to expect . so it was good , but not unique . i would go back if i 'm in the area , but i wouldnt go out of my way for it . decent food , fair price , not exactly exciting but good enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mucho burrito is just delicious . i find some locations are a hit or miss . love this location as it is constantly consistent with their flavours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the very first time i walked into this place , i felt i 'm at somewhere totally far away like portland , or or berkeley..the surrounding neighborhood is a little rusty , old and at some point run-down , but once you 're in front of commonplace mws , it 's a different story.. it is the definition of a hidden gem . this commonplace coffeeshop is a small chain opened in 2003 in indiana , pa . the have 4 branches in pittsburgh . i have been to 3 of them and this mexican wars branch is by far the best one . staff are friendly and pleasant here . the coffeeshop design and people style are hippie hipster neohippie bobdylanish.. what makes it an awesome experience for this fella is not only the venue ; it 's the commute to this branch . i bike from the strip , crossing one of pittsburgh yellow bridges , cycle along the three rivers heritage trail , enjoy amazing views of downtown pittsburgh , allegheny river , pirates steelers stadiums . keep up the good work , my friends . jen stars : 4.8987977 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big fan of commonplace coffee in general . i proclaim it now , best pour overs in the city , by far ... and i 'm not even a big coffee drinker ! you know what else makes this place great in my eyes ? they make their own chai mix . i 'm a chai snob , and hate when local shops just end up buying oregon chai concentrate ( it 's gross ) . see , i told you i was particular ! they 're also now making their own pastries too ! i tried the scone , which was good , although a little dry . i believe scones are usually made that way , but i prefer a cake like scone ( probably not the traditional scone recipe ! ) . i also tried the coffee cake , which was very good , and probably would be my go to choice . ca n't beat this neighborhood too , it 's so beautiful . you should absolutely make this your north side coffee shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to rush home to write this review ! i was impressed with the customer service at the commonplace . you tell me the last time you got a handshake and a first name intro to your barista ? i will mention that not not only did charlie just say , `` hi i 'm charlie '' but he also chatted me up asking about my morning and my weekend plans and my name . this exchange was such a simple gesture but went a long way . i am looking forward to visiting my neighborhood coffee shop for my second cappuccino , which was very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrific . simple setup and super clean with pricey but high quality brewed coffee plus friendly staff . it 's like a random gem in the middle of the mexican war streets , away from the major corridors and part of the local neighborhood . it 's popular with the locals too . the staff seem to know the regulars well , and almost everyone who came in was so chill and friendly . if i lived in pgh i 'd totally come here all the time . if i ever move here this place alone is heavy incentive to find a place in the mexican war streets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're into high quality coffee that tastes like coffee , this is your place . if you like sweet , sugar filled drinks , try another coffee shop . the menu here is limited , but they 'll make most anything you request . they offer a small selection of syrups , one of which is lavender , to die for ! they also offer baked gods , but i 've never tried them . the decor and artwork are simple to compliment their vibe , also with limited seating . best place on the north side to get coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i only lived closer , i 'd be here everyday . friendliest staff [ same goes for all of commonplace 's locations ] , great , locally-roasted coffee , interesting artworks , and relaxing atmosphere . this place is a gem and great addition to the mexican war streets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , i saw no wars happening in the street and as a matter of fact , no mexicans come to think about it . outside of the misleading advertisement , the coffee was fucking boss ! ! ! the people inside smiled at me and this made me feel great ! the barista chatted with me and spoke in casual tones about the north hills . it felt good to undo my flac vest and just sit back and enjoy my latte . it did , it really did . when i left the house that morning , i was n't sure if i 'd make it back alive , i was ready to met my maker but nothing happened . i went and drank coffee and came home and kissed the wife and kids and as they hugged me , group hug style , i looked up into the sky and mouthed the words , thank you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee , great space , quiet , chill , and great neighborhood . just get there early enough for a seat ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the vibe of this place which begins before you even enter the shop . its located in the mexican war streets , right in the middle of residential homes , giving you this feeling that 's hard to describe..something i 've only seen in movies . friends sitting outside chatting over coffee , people walking their dogs -- just a true neighborhood feel . there are large windows that carry in sunlight , giving life to the whole place . although limited , there are tables of all kinds to sit at . and most importantly , the coffee is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were wondering in the area and found this cute coffee shop . the iced latte was so good that my boyfriend went back to get coffee beans from them . loved the interior design and great coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "commonplace in the north side is finally open , as a north side resident i 'm so happy to finally have some good coffee nearby . i stopped in on the 3rd day they were open and grabbed a latte to go and really enjoyed my drink . the inside is a bit smaller but it is a great place to drop in and grab a coffee with a friend and chat with the friendly baristas . you can grab a great cup of coffee for $ 2 and under or an espresso for around $ 3 . they also have chemex pourovers . if joe is n't your thing , they have a variety of teas to choose from . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if ever the dream of the '90s was alive in pittsburgh , it would be here . and the coffee also happens to be quite good . the cafe is bright and rustic and has the `` everyone knows your name '' feeling . whatever roast they were using for the espresso that day was a little dark for my taste , but it still made a good latte . i took a bag of beans to go and i 'm glad for it ; it was a delicious medium roast from el salvador . the commonplace roasted beans are no joke .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little addition to the mexican war streets . the menu is not overwhelming and they also offer coffee pour overs . they offer a lavender syrup that is to die for . they also have food trucks on site at different times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic cup of coffee . rivals some of the best coffee houses i 've been to in my hometown of san francisco , and we take coffee very seriously . service was awesome . the owner was down to earth and all 'round an awesome dude . i 'll be back every time i visit from now on . that 's for dang sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite coffee in the burgh . cozy small seating area with 4-5 tables and a counter seating area.. a few chairs outside , and a sweet green park across the street . i 'm a latte drinker and i will go out of my way to stop here if i 'm in another part of town . the owners and staff are the friendliest . cash cards acceptable.. the wifi works great ! dog friendly water dish outside . lots of cool stops nearby.. and i never have an issue with the street parking . : ) thanks a latte ! ! ! ( yep ... that just happened )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the atmosphere . quiet and artsy , but not stuffy . delicious coffee and friendly staff . also , only a short walk from our airbnb : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have visited several times and have never been disappointed . i have tried several hot & iced beverages . particularly love the cold brew coffee . if you order your beverage to stay , the presentation is an added bonus ! ! ! staff is always friendly ... the only downfall is limited seating . it 's hard to find a seat , but that 's a great problem to have ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coldbrew here and a fun place to hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a quaint little place . my experience was lackluster by the barista 's subpar customer service . she did n't greet us and seemed slightly annoyed . however , my lavender vanilla iced soy latte was pretty good . the flavor was just right with a touch of sweetness . the neighborhood is really great and has a lot of character . i would give it another shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so happy to have such great coffee in the war streets ! this cozy , light filled space has quickly become one of my favorite neighborhood spots . frank makes beautiful , tasty , precise coffee drinks . they stock my favorite donuts from gluten free goat bakery . there are only 5 tables in here , but the vibe is so welcoming that strangers often sit together . i love that i can come in with my laptop and do some work while also enjoying a great cup of coffee and a lovely neighborhood space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very hipster vibe makes for a nice place to drink coffee . their latte is a medium roast and satisfying . the neighborhood is out of the way , calm , and adds to the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their coffee is so very good ! and their location is adorable . the only reason i 'm not giving them 5 stars is because i 'm holding out for matcha and maybe a few more food options ( because based on everything else they have i 'm sure they 'd be awesome ! ) . when that happens i will never leave ! ( so maybe it 's better that it does n't ... ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was very cute and had that nice cafe feel . there were a few tables to sit down and chat eat while you had your coffee . the menu for drinks is shorter and easy to navigate . aside from coffee and tea they offer small pastries , sodas , a breakfast quiche , had some small lunch type sandwiches in a cooler , and currently have the leona ice cream sandwiches . i took my mom here as a treat and we both got lavender honey lattes- they were delicious ! their snickerdoodle like cookie was tasty too . we of course had to try the ice cream sandwich and got the honey candy ice cream one with double chocolate chip cookies- it was perfection wth soft cookies and great taste . the staff were so nice and helpful to us . this place feels bright and young- great little hidden gem . highly recommended the next time you 're looking for a coffee and and little place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "about 5 pourover options and a few others already made . cool vibe . kind of small , but if the inside seats are taken , there are a few outdoor options . i would recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , great vibe . seriously the nicest baristas i have ever met . a much needed space in the war streets , so happy to have them on the northside !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved visiting this small , local , artisanal coffee shop . the baristas were friendly , the food choices were good and the coffee was great . but most of all i loved watching the locals come and go , greeting each other and catching up . lovely neighborhood place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just fine . i 'm glad a local coffee joint exists in the war streets again , but i ca n't bring myself to love this place or hate it . the layout is weird , but the space is bright and open . i liked this shop in its prior incarnation better in terms of layout . the furniture is on the uncomfortable side , but it 's hipster chic is beguiling . the coffee is n't good , but it 's not bad . the only thing i feel strongly about is that a large coffee should be an actual large , not a small masquerading as a large .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just tried this place out today for the first time . and i have to say i love it . the service was great my latte taste wonderful . definitely going to become a regular customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee and service , what more can you ask for ! they make coffee the right way ! prices are similar to any specialty coffee shop nothing crazy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gorgeous interior . friendly staff . lots of light for working . not overly pricey like many hipster joints similar . coffee was yummy . worth you checking out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cute coffee shop . the coffee tasted more roasted than our preference and there 's not much to eat , but the place is cute and has authentic character . we enjoyed getting to know a new coffee shop in pittsburgh and then visiting randyland in the same neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee selection . great atmosphere . baked goods are decent too . parking is the only drawback to the spot . if you are local and in the neighborhood excellent neighborhood spot if walking distance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this coffee shop is cute and kid friendly . they even have a small box of toys for the littles . my son loves it , especially because potato head is in there . the coffee is good . always hot . they have a small menu but good coffee does n't need to go big or have extremely weird drinks . they also have a small cooler with juice and pop . if you 're in the mexican war streets this place is a nice stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible coffee shop atmosphere . right in the middle of an old neighborhood with incredible architecture , from mexican war era to modern . great hipster aesthetic inside . the baristas are very knowledgeable and friendly . the coffee was as incredible as the building . the pourover was well made- definitely ask for their recommended roast . my date had a lavender vanilla latte which was very good . great flavor and foam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in today for the first time and ordered an americano . it was the best one i 've ever had . when your espresso is that good you do n't need to add sugar or syrup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service , neighborhood vibe , high quality dirty chai . the bagged coffee can be a little pricey compared to similar grade of coffee available at a strip district spot or even giant eagle . but the convenience is unmatched when you live around the corner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times now . mainly to just stop in and order something to go . their menu is big and there is something for everyone and that specific craving . sweet and savory . they offer almond milk as a substitute for regular cow milk for their bubble tea . # winning . you could n't tell the difference in texture or flavor . they also allow you to mix flavors so i went with taro and coconut mix . perfect combination . they have special menu items only available on the weekends such as their tofu pudding and vegetarian tofu banh mi . they do n't skimp on their veggie tofu banh mi . it 's about a foot long and every bite is full of tofu and veggies . no dry bread . definitely a go-to spot if you 're in the area . prices are fair and service is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has fast become our favorite place to get some popcorn shrimp , jasmine tea or coffee , dessert , and just relax . everything we have tried so far has been fresh , flavorful , and unique . my husband took me there on my birthday recently and surprised me with a beautiful table set up with rose petals and dessert . i am very grateful to jimmy , the owner , and his staff for helping him set up a lovely surprise . it meant a lot to me and really made tea fusion more than just a cool place , but a genuinely friendly one . you can read my first review for more details , but suffice to say you have a good chance of running into us there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just found out about this place from my older sister ( who i went with today ) walking in its very calm and relaxing . decor gives off an asian style lounge . i really enjoyed the huge menu board they had and display of desserts . everyone was very friendly and accommodating . bathrooms were clean , and the cafe itself was family friendly . i ordered the mega mango mason jar refresher . it was definitely delicious and presented so beautifully . ( see pictures ) we also ordered the popcorn chicken , which i highly recommend you try and the desserts are an a ++ ( the gentlemen -- who i believe who was the owner even offered advice for my child 's eczema issue -- which i greatly appreciated . ) i definitely believe this spot is a hot spot to enjoy some delicious finger foods and flavorful teas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally a bubble tea boba place that uses fresh fruit , fresh made tea , fresh boba and has milk tea . so sick of the gross quicklys . this reminds me of california . ca n't wait till more tea shops open to give nc more variety of places to go to . strawberry kiss was great , calamari very fresh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not express how much of a delight it is to have tea fusion a part of my life . their refreshers are truly refreshing , made from fresh fruit , jellies , and fruit juices . i equally enjoy their hot cider , hot chocolate , and milk teas ( almond , coconut , and soy milk available for select items ) . if you 're hungry , you can not miss the banh-mi sandwiches or popcorn chicken . this is the best spot to get a drink , a snack , and relax with your friends . there are even board games and outlets for customers to use freely . it 's mostly frequented by university students but it is a must go-to for anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mason jar teas are absolutely delicious as that 's what my wife ordered and it floored us both at the taste . i got a thai milk tea with lychee jellies and it was absolutely hands down the best i 've had ! prices are decent and the tea tastes amazing . service was quick and friendly . will be returning . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i frequent this place a lot and prob would be there more if we lived closer . their tea refreshers are pretty good with my favorite being their mango one . do n't sleep on their banh mi ! they are actually very good and the bread they use is legit . most people come for the tea but you should go for both . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try the place because the foot traffic was nonstop . so i figured it had to be good ! the atmosphere was so friendly & welcoming . the place was clean & super cute ! but was super cute was the drinks ! it taste as good as it looks maybe even better ! : ) i will definitely be coming back with plenty of friends & family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! shaved ice cream ( consistently good ! ! ! ) all kinds of fruit and bubble tea ( consistently good ! ) . popcorn chicken ( quality has gone down a little since store first opened ) , popcorn shrimp , fried oysters ( portion on the smaller side ) , fried tofu cubes ( love the fried tofu ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun little place ! they have a bunch of different teas , cold or hot , coffees , boba teas , desserts and appetizers . it 's been a long time since we had little shops around that focused more on teas than coffees . we tried the passion fruit tea and the coconut boba tea . both were delicious ! the inside of the shop is really clean and well laid out with a couple couches in one corner . they also have a few board games . it 's the perfect place to hang out with friends , do homework , or just kick back with a book . they also have a lot of tea gift sets . seriously , go give this place a try . it is my best find in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely amazing ! the drinks and food were so yummy i do n't even know where to begin . the mangonada and the kumquat tea are hands down the best drinks there and my favorite appetizer is the popcorn chicken . do n't get me wrong , the other appetizer and drinks are perfect . it 's a great place to study and socialize . if only this place exist in south charlotte , i 'd be all over this place . i have n't had everything on the list , but here 's a few great things to get : mason tea jar refresher - strawberry kiss orange voodoo tropical fresh tea - kumquat tea finger food - popcorn chicken sweet potato fries steam edamame shaved ice cream - taro banh mi ( sandwiches ) - grilled pork ( thit nuong ) - ( dac biet ) - ( cha lua )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , super friendly staff . did not get anything but bubble tea to go but it was amazing ! ! ! ! best bubble tea i 've had in awhile . cool space too . would definitely come here again and hang out too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been looking for a boba place and i think i 've found it ! the staff is super friendly and the boba is tasty . i ordered the strawberry kiss tea drink and it was a bit too sweet so next time i 'll have to ask for less sugar . other than that , loved it ! i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw the great reviews and decided to try it out . there are lots of drink options including milk teas , bubble tea , hot tea , coffee , and other such drinks . i got the fruit refresher drink and it was good , not as good as expected from the reviews though ! it kinda tasted like they used sugar substitute if you know what i mean . not bad , i definitely appreciate the fresh cut fruit in the drink and would defs come back to try other types of drinks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the passion fruit lemonade , pineapple paradise , taro bubble tea , green bubble tea , thai tea & & mango bubble tea . the popcorn chicken snack bites were great for munchies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea fusion is delicious ! i 've had bubble tea and their jar teas and they 're all amazing . the service is great and the employees are very nice . i also tried their shaved ice cream ... . 2 thumbs up for that , it 's outstanding . be prepared to at least order 2 items off their menu because everything is so good . i 've tried their green tea bubble tea , mango bubble tea , passion fruit jar tea , strawberry jar tea , a few others , and shaved ice cream . this is a great addition to the university area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived in charlotte my whole life and the boba here , from the asian superstores or malls , have been sugar filled mediocrities at best . tea fusion cafe is different in that it gives you more variety and better quality tea for the same price you would pay for your typical boba . the other menu options are also great as well . i would definitely recommend the items i got , which were a very aesthetically pleasing mango mason jar tea along with some taiwanese popcorn chicken that had an amazing flavor and crunch . the cafe had a very relaxed and homelike vibe to it , with futons and games lying around , and it felt like i was hanging out in a lounge . i found that there were a lot of college students when i went , which is probably due to the cafe 's close proximity to uncc . i would definitely recommend this place as a nice place to hangout with friends for lunch or spot to grab some treats with the family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i go i 've enjoy the service and the beverage . i usually go for the mangonata .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times and every time i 've been the service is great . the owner even had a conversation with us when i came with a group of friends . the first time i came here i 'd never tried bubble tea and they helped me order and explained some things . i 've since had it at other places and none have been better than here . the atmosphere is also very nice , usually quiet enough to do work or have a small get together . they also have have board games available . it 's definitely one of my favorite places in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location , service , and people ! we came in a group of 7 and everyone was happy with there drink . we tried their popcorn chicken , calamari and macaron and were very pleased ! grand opening week special of 20 % off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i love coming here after class and getting one of their amazing bubble teas with a couple delicious macaroons , or occasionally their succulent popcorn chicken . you have to try their taro or honeydew bubble tea or you 're missing a serious pleasure of life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i waited 30 minutes for one drink . i ordered a mango drink and they gave it to some lady , when i went after thirty minutes to ask about my drink i was given a sorry half apology and told to wait five minutes . i should 've just left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice little tea shop . it 's very laid back and relaxed . nice snacks and delicious tea . if you 're looking for a place to chill or wrote a paper and love tea , this is the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience at tea fusion was great . the food tasted good , fast service , and the staff were all friendly . i tried the strawberry tea , popcorn shrimp , and fried oysters . the only downside was the finger food portion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun chill place to go . we both ordered the mason jar teas . very filling and refreshing . this place is near ashley furniture . the venue also offers finger foods , hot teas , shaved ice cream and coffee to name a few . there is also a case with desserts . met the manager jimmy . nice guy and personable . open till 10 pm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in charlotte for 3 weeks after moving from new york . i 've been to tea fusion 5 times ! the avocado bubble tea is is 10 out of 5 ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff are super nice . passion lemonade was delicious and so was the green tea cheesecake . ca n't wait to try their banh mi coming this winter they said !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the fusion tea and the bubble tea ! ! ! they have free wi-fi . a nice place that your friend and ok can go to have girl talk . and quite enough that you can do homework , reading and all type of work . the staff to super helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to come and grab a drink . i came due to my niece 's recommendation and i 'm glad i did . i ended up getting the passion fruit lemonade and it was amazing . the drinks came out in mason jars , filled with fruit and jellies . beautiful presentation and absolutely delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tea boba spot ! mason jar teas are amazing and cute ! wish we lived closer or had one near us but when we 're in the area we stop and get refreshments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love ! ! the managers owners here are literally the sweetest people ever ! i remember when they first open i would see them behind the counters a lot , but not much since then this place got pretty popular ( i mean how could it not ) . they would always greet you with a smile every time you walk in & greet you when you walk out ! i would literally come here every weekend for their refreshing drinks or boba , but they added a lotta things to their menu since . i always have such a struggle choosing what i want from their menu because there 's too much ! ! ( annnd all they 're missing is a rose milk tea hint hint ( ; lol ) i recommend trying their passion fruit tea , omg it 's literally so friggin refreshing and good . & its so pretty ! the decor is also so lovely , it 's a really cute hangout spot so bring your friends ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the house milk tea with coffee jelly ! best milk tea i ever had . i love the decor and the dessert they have is beautifully presented .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken fingers were a bit different for my taste but the pineapple bubble tea with lychee was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kudos to the mastermind ( s ) behind this place ! while standing in line watching all of the fantastic looking yummi-ness coming from behind the counter , i had to step aside because i could n't decide ! finally , i ordered the passion fruit fusion tea and a couple of macaroons . oh.my.gosh . quite possibly the best non-alcoholic drink that i have ever tasted . it had very little ice and was loaded with fruit pieces . i just about inhaled the macaroons as well . so good ; will definitely be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea masion jars are delicious ! the owner has wonderful customer service ! there 's no other place around town like tea fusion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , delicious , friendly , and a very relaxed environment . i always go for the teas ( of course ) they also have bhan mi 's on the menu that i am dying to try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to visit this place as i am a big fan of bubble and non-bubble tea , which can both be ordered here . when i first walked in i was immediately impressed by the ambiance , and as i got to the counter , the warm , welcoming greetings from the employees intensified my impression . the waitress that assisted me was very friendly , and knowledgeable of the menu items offered . it was recommended that i try the taro bubble tea , as i have not had it before . i ordered the taro bubble tea , calamari , and edamame , which all were very delicious ! in addition to the ambiance , great menu , and friendly staff , board games are also available for you to enjoy , along with plush couch seating . if you are interested in a nice , laid-back outing to enjoy , please give this place a try ! note : do not coming looking for meals , as only finger foods and some tasty looking desserts are available for consumption .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "home sweet home . this is the one boba place in charlotte that 's close to what i 'm used to in california .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time trying this i did n't know what to expect..it was very clean , quick , and delicous ! i did n't know what to order..so i got a # 1 the wild berry fusion and fell in love with it : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried most of the tea flavor and it was delish ! ! ! my favorite are peach perfection and passion fruit tea ! ! lovedd it ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love the mason jar drinks n the bubble teas ! ! ! desserts are great ! ! atmosphere is awesome , nice place to hang out n chit chat ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! my fianc\u00e9 and i are moving in 2 days and so sad that we just decided to go here ! the green tea bubble tea was the best i 've ever had and this passion fruit tea was amazing ! so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super pump to find a nice bubble tea cafe that offers wide variety of tea drinks and asian style shaved iced ! ! love their bubble tea drinks . the green tea shaved ice is very mild . it 'd be better with stronger green tea flavor . i voted this place for the best bubble tea in charlotte areas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere ! they have a wide variety of drinks and some snacks . large lounge area with games and free wifi . the service was fast and friendly ! 10 10 would come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked the mega mango ! i was n't sure how much i would like flavored tea but i was pleasantly surprised at how much i loved the drink . the staff was friendly and quick . i got my order to go , as i was pretty busy that day . but i would like to dine in the next time i go . it was very clean and had a relaxed atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent work at an affordable price . my old garage door works like new !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about these guys ! used them twice ... .. the first time about 6 years ago when they replaced the spring . the second time was a couple days ago and i had to replace the opener , a 15 year old unit that had finally broke down . we replaced it with a new belt drive and could n't be happier ! we even got a code pad on the outside to open the garage . installation was quick , including a full explanation of its operation and maintenance . i 'm a realtor and will happily recommend them to any client or friend in need of the same service ! the price was great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had to have a complete garage door overhaual ... do n't ask why ! i came across the garage door guy and had him come out . they were very quick to get out for an estimate and did a through job explaining what needed to be done . after getting a second opinion , i was shocked at the price difference for the same job being done ! the garage door guy was much less expensive , so i was a little concerned over the quality of work that may be done , but after it was completed , i could n't be happier . if you need a garage door repaired , this is a great company that was very honest and fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after some damage to our garage door i called 3 local companies , 2 of which said i needed to replace the door at a cost between $ 800-1000 . jason arrived with his coworker and instead of trying to sell me a new door added some struts at a fraction of the cost . not only did he do a great job repairing the damaged door , he even inspected the other door and lubricated it . an outstanding job ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason was able to come out to our house within hours of my calling . he also made a courtesy call when he was on the way just so i 'd be ready . our garage door was bucking when trying to close , then re-opening because the mechanism thought it was getting stuck . jason replaced the worn-out main springs , re-balanced the door , and put on another strut to solidify the door . all for a very reasonable price , and all work was done quickly and professionally . he sweetened the deal even more with an extended guarantee on the work he did . 1st class .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just was n't impressed with these guys . the spring on my door broke with my car inside the garage . these guys were called and messages left , but it took them over 2 hours to call back , only to tell me that they could n't get here for at least another 2 hours . the guy on the phone was unhelpful , rude , uncommunicative and combative . the issue was taken care of within 45 minutes by another company ( damian douglas ) . i would n't call these guys again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had several issues when this guy was called . he fixed 2 of them awesomely . one big issue was the open signal allowing a neighbor to control the door . we made several calls to have him fix and he never called back . this has cause an attempted theft of my motorcycle the other morning . a more reputable company confirmed that the openers he sold me keep opening the signal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they came to my mom 's house and did an excellant job ! the technician they sent out was horrible ! no personality and very reluctant to answer the questions that my husband and i had for him . tried to charge us an arm and two legs for repairing our garage door opener . will not be calling this guy back out . we prefer aj from american garage door company . friendly , fast and honest ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very professional and quick . he replaced the one spring on my garage door with 2 , the spring on there was apparantly used ( fixed less than 2 yrs ago from another company ... no longer in business..i wonder why ) price quoted on phone was price paid , no added fees . would highly recommend jason for garage door services", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to give zero star to this company ! worst customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` piece of cake '' was what he said and immediately i felt relieved . came faster than any other guys ( called a few and all gave me dates for two days or day after ) , in the middle of the night . fixed the garage door 's bump due to an accidental car maneuver . highly recommended . helpful and professional , as described by most reviewers here . peace .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason was great ! i called after receiving a quote from another company that was just incredibly outrageous . thankfully he was very honest and could come same day to fix my springs . he went above and beyond and i was very happy with his service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an unprofessional company ! ! service time is between 10am - 12noon..they did not show up and when i called and the same guy i made the service call with answered the call ... he is rude and condescending asking for the service address again and telling me he needs it so he can intercept his driver and come to me ? ? he is supposed to have been here already ! ! what a joke ! do n't use this company ! ! ! lousy people ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best garage door guy i vegas ... .. i called him out on time and great prices . i recommend him over the rest", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason is as good as it gets . very professional , knowledgeable and reasonable . after 10 days of looking for a reliable company , we could not be happier with the service we received as well as the response time . i would not hesitate to recommend him t anyone in need of a garage door repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason was great ! ! his quote and service were fabulous.. if i had a choice to choose , i will call him again again and again . i could n't be happier", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charged exactly what was quoted . extremely happy with the service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason impressed me as he was beyond a pro . he did the job quickly as he 's been doing this since his teens . nice guy , professional , replaced my broken spring with high quality ones , and serviced the other 2 doors , all for a very reasonable cost . highly recommended and i will use him for all my garage door needs in the future . thanks jason !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not even try to call anyone else the garage door guy is amazing . he saved us a good $ 500.00 . honest , dependable , knowledgable and the best quote . we had him come for a measurement for a new door and 20 minutes later he saved our existing one . if i would have known it was going to that inexpensive and quick i would have called him a long time ago . thank you jason ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always late . don t have a clue about courtesy calls when late . workers do not know how to communicate well . when they show up late and not home owner calls and says you are a `` difficult customer `` and that if you are not home you are getting revenge on them for being late when all they have to do is give courtesy call . no brainer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had service from this company years ago . they installed springs on my garage and it is almost ten years later and still operating good ! fast forward to present day showed up 30 minutes after he returned my call . tuned up my garage , prompt service , and very affordable . thank you jason !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my rogue here a few years back . i got a whale of a deal because they were getting rid of the old body styles . buying a car tends to take forever but the hubby went in , as usual , knowing what we wanted and what we needed . they worked hard to get the deal done . the hubby went to wright hyundai to get his last 2 vehicles and they have been willing to work it to get the deal done . the service department is comfy . they offer a little fridge with bottled water and coffee . nice magazine assortment and tv . they tend to be competitive with pricing and never had an issue with them wanting to do unnecessary `` maintenance '' on my car . i would shop here again and service here again as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey thank you so much ! i recently purchased a vehicle that i was so stoked about until one month later i was told it already needed work . thats cool i 'm ok with that cars break things happen . what i am not ok with is the fact that i bought what i was told was an amazing insurance extra coverage package and one month later the truck breaks its not covered and i have to dish a bunch of money out of pocket after i already bought a couple extra thousand dollar policy that was not what i was lead to believe it was . so if i were you id look else where ... my experience from the moment i was signing papers to the point of only a month later my experience and the customer care is terrible . good job wright nissan ! you did great ! thanks for selling me an awesome car that broke and is not covered even though i have 4 witnesses to the signing of you stating it was ! killer job ! false pretenses are awesome !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very poor quality in their cars . bought a brand new car and surprisingly had to get many of the parts replaced repaired within the 1st year itself . never ever going to get a nissan . worst experience ever . had 2 recalls on my vehicle of which 1 was over 6 months related to air bags and was never informed ! ! ! ! ! they claim nissan corporate sends out a postcard and must have got lost in the mail . if nissan could be a little more proactive of its customers safety it would be greatly appreciated . sorry nissan - never ever going to recommend your cards to near and dear folks . good luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for a late night bite to eat because i wanted something with a little kick . i got the jerk chicken and it was amazing ! ! the flavours was perfect and juicy , and not to mention fresh . i did have to wait for about 10 mins for the chicken to be ready but i rather wait then have dried out chicken that has been sitting under a heat lamp for hours . the rice and beans were cooked to perfection ( not to soft and not to hard ) and the coleslaw was a nice added touch . i will for sure make my way here if i am in the mood for some jerk chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i swear this place is always open when i go . on uber eats they delivered at 4 am at one point ! if you need a late night grub this is definitely the place to order from . i 've had their oxtail , jerk chicken , dumplin , and festival . everything is well cooked , well flavored..just delicious . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is not for the faint of heart . do n't come here alone if you are skittish . you may not make it out of here alive . it 's probably scariest to visit this area after dark but that 's the only time you should visit . this may be your last meal but is it worth it ? yes ! absolutely . i 've had my fair share of jerk in this town . i have scoured the city in search of the best tasting jerk and i think i might have found it . raps is different from the rest . one bite of this chicken and you will know why . this stuff is tender , juicy , flavourful and damn ! it 's smokey ! all of this goodness wrapped in a crispy , crunchy , grease-less skin . you know this is the kind of stuff that only an old school charcoal grill can deliver . best damn jerk chicken in the city !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if anyone does n't think this is the best jerk in the city come and see me , but you better come swinging . you do have to go there after 10 pm when the chicken is being smoked proper , and i do n't suggest you go there and just chill ( due to the potential of being shot ) . but roll up quick , get a container inside ( i usually get $ 10 worth of chicken and i feel good ) , then go outside where badmon is chopping it up , fill it up , say god bless and dip . i also suggest you undue your pants as well in case you get the sudden need to masturbate to this chicken ... i 'm sure it 's an occupational hazard for those who work there ( might even be what makes the red sauce so damn horny ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really was n't a fan of it . the chicken tasted like gasoline . almost as if the fire was n't strong enough , so they threw lighter fluid on it to kick up the flames . threw it out after a few bites . add to it , food was served cold . the festivals tasted as if they had been sitting there for a few days . while i understand ubereats has paired with the company , and the company is often well-reviewed , this was among the worst places i 've been for jerk chicken in quite a long time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a big jerk chicken enthusiast and this is by far the best place i 've ever tried ( that includes jamaica ) . i 've only tried the jerk chicken and curried goat and both are consistently earth shattering . i usually ask them to pour some curry sauce on the rice , because it 's the best thing in the world . no joke , i can drink it ! it 's a takeout kind of place , but luckily i live really close , so i frequent often . if you 're a girl 9 times out of 10 , you 'll probably get hit on by the clientele , or by the adjacent barber shop scene outside , but it 's part of the whole experience . the guy behind the counter ( maybe the owner ? ) is a sweetheart and blesses me every time he serves me . in the summer , the scent is so intoxicating since they cook the food right outside . it 's hard to stay away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing chicken ! ! ! cooked in the barrel right out front . always busy , awesome staff and super fresh food . dumpling and festivals are fresh and a good size . portions are good for the price as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic pan chicken from this restaurant . you will smell the meat cooking before you enter the restaurant as the cook is grilling it up in a drum outside the restaurant . if you must wait a few minutes for the chicken to finish cooking - it 's worth the wait . try some fry dumplings or rice and peas alongside your chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome jerk chicken ! i 've tried many , many places around to for jerk chicken and this is my number 1 . the chicken is ridiculously good , it comes straight from the bbq , it 's slightly higher priced than other restaurants in the area but for good reason . the staff are great , super friendly and very cute ! i live in the area so the crackheads and homeless people do n't bother me at all . i 'm used to them but if you 're not from the area , beware because you will be approached and asked for some loose change . they are harmless , though . if you want really good jerk chicken , this is the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best jerk in the city . hands down . cooked 'island style ' in a large drum bbq outside . the meat falls off the bone . very limited seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a craving for jerk chicken tonight , did a `` yelp '' search and found raps ... i would cross town for their jerk chicken ! ! ! it 's that good ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll preface my visit to rap 's with previous visits to black hoof , porchetta , the st l 's market , and burger priest all within about 6 hours , but this place is fantastic . i only had the jerk chicken , given the full stomach my friends and i all shared , and it was super flavorful , tender but smokey , sweet but tangy , and overall satisfying . this was one of the top 3 visits we had on a weekend food adventure through toronto . six bucks for jerk chicken , cooked by a really nice employee dominating his huge drum pan , filled up with cooked chicken , and chopped up before adding a few ladels of homemade bbq sauce , was a great deal . he told me they 're actually open till 6am on saturday night , and they were definitely out there when we swung by at like 10 . great place , ca n't wait to go back , recommended it to so many of my friends and even my full stomach smiled up at me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome jerk spot . in a whole in the wall of toronto . best jerk chicken my girlfriend and i have ever eaten , and she 's a chef . we were going to check out the annual jerk fest but got there and it was 15 per person to enter when it used to be free , so we went on the hunt for authentic jerk . we found raps on yelp and were on our way 25 min drive . when we arrived we ordered a chicken dinner small and a side of chicken . we got the rice and coleslaw and had to wait for the meat as it was being made fresh in front of the store on a bbq . after 10 minutes we both received generous portions of chicken . we were both stuffed and loved the flavour and the overall experience . definitely coming back here . friendly service and fresh food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove by this place a million times but never figured out why there 's always a block party here . now i get it . raps authentic jamaican is a lively restaurant with a bbq grill at the front of their store and always surrounded by neighbourhood foodies . once you order your portion inside , they give you a box filled with slaw and rice and then you proceed to the front of the restaurant outside to get your chicken . i did n't really understand why they would have a scale to weigh your chicken . they cut up the peice you order and do n't cut up another peice when it does n't weigh to their standards ... . it 's definitely one of the better cheap eats in the city . i ordered a small jerk chicken that comes up to 6 $ and i was stuffed ! definitely will be back\u00ac !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best jerk in toronto . when i get too sad that i ca n't get the roadside jerk i had at a random service stop on my way to negril from montego bay , raps always cheers me right back up ! thank you raps for existing . tips : get it topped with the oxtail gravy always get the hot sauce , unless you 're a pansy then just do n't eat jerk close your eyes and imagine you 're enjoying your meal on the 7-mile beach with a cold red stripe anchored firmly in the sand , looking out into the ocean . portions are great , sizes range from peckish to ravenous , something for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located only a few steps from marlee avenue , which should have been called marley ave , considering the caribbean cultured area , where else would you expect to find the best jerk chicken ! ? ! and their 'best ' jerk chicken is incredibly tender , well seasoned and loaded with sauce . i personally prefer my jerk wet rather than the traditionally dry-rubbed style . i 've returned to rap 's many times and even brought friends there ; after my trip to jamaica , i 've been hooked on the jerk spices ... i 've even started a collection in the cupboard and fridge . but nothing ever compares- this is the best jerk chicken i 've ever had ... including what i was served in jamaica ! i will always stop in here if i 'm passing by , even if just for take-out to toss in the fridge and reheat later !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for lunch and the whole place was empty . i was a bit nervous , but once i had my first bite of the jerk chicken , i immediately knew why this place has so many high ratings . the jerk chicken is crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside . the meat falls right off the bone . the bbq sauce and coleslaw gives the chicken a new dimension of flavours and texture . the small size was definitely more than enough for me . parking is free on the neighbourhood streets behind the store . or it is about a 5-10min walk from eglinton west station .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to pick up quick take out dinner . i visited here 4 times so far and it 's a decent place . they have freshly grilled jerk chicken and tender ox tail . however i think this place is little over hyped . i been to many other caribbean places in to and they are better than this place . if you happen to be near by , try it out but do n't make a separate trip to visit here . there are plenty of other good caribbean places in to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this dude knows how to make chicken . juiciest chicken around . keep in mind this area operates in a different time zone so the later in the day you go the more there is and you can even get a haircut when all other barbers are closed . street parking is free after 6pm . open late night too . i like the fact that the chicken is not spicy unless you get the spicy sauce on it . the place has been recently renovated so the inside is more inviting than before . it 's fierce competition with the other 2 jerk joints but rap 's is king on eglinton ( i 've tried all 3 ) . prices are not low but no jamaican places are anyway . you can spend less you just wo n't be full . the chicken-only is decent deal tho . make sure you go when the main boss is there . he can usually be seen behind the jerk drum in front of the store", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a few times over the years.. interior looks better . i 'm not a big fan of cold food . makes u wonder how long it 's been sitting . plus over 11 bucks for medium sized dinner ? ! i 'll go somewhere else next time . plus it 's winter , cold outside and inside . some poor kid at the cash with a hacking cough , bad experience at raps .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was not expecting much based on the location but i was very surprised . after some somewhat sketchy service , the cook came out with some of the best jerk chicken i 've ever had on a plate of rice that was more than most could finish ( incidentally , i could ) . i will certainly be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet jah , this is good ! for 12 dollars for the large combo , you get a generous helping of beans , rice , gravy and chicken that is chopped up by a large jamaican man on the grill outside . the spice was great but not too overpowering and everything was so filling . also you are across from `` treasure jah island records '' for all your reggae needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the small jerk chicken combo which came with rice and peas . the shit was delicious ! ! ! i could tell the chicken had been delicately smoked for a while because it was so tender and flavourful . it was served with a beautiful hot jerk sauce and the chicken was cut right in front of me off the smoker . i went there at 3 am and there was a funny crowd hanging around which is cool . the rice and peas absorbed the excess sauce and completed the dish . oh ya ... and it was only $ 6 . outstanding", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of reviews on this place and we were really excited to eat here . we got the oxtail , jerk chicken and chicken soup . oxtail - soft and succulent but we only got a small portion with a ton of rice . jerk chick - disappointed . it looked and smelled amazing but was dry . soup - not bad but i 've had better . i think for the price you pay , there should be a larger portion of protein . really friendly staff though and i wish i had a better review to give .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably the best jerk chicken ive ever had ! ! the chicken unlike the place beside it ( hot pot ) and many other places leaves this smokey flavour in the chicken . the chicken is fall off the bone and good to the very last bite . normally i get the med jerk chicken with rice which is $ 10 including tax . if you like spicy ask them for the pepper sauce ( hot sauce ) they put on it ! i used to go to jerk king on bloor as my go to place but now its all about raps ! the only downside its the wait time is a bit longer than other jerk chicken places and is in a sketchy area but it is still worth the wait and the hassle of interacting with the homeless people and crackheads outside asking for spare change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was glad this place opens late because i came here at around 930pm after work for some dinner ! my coworker said this was the best jerk chicken she 's ever had and boy was she right ! ! i ordered a small jerk takeout and gobbled it up in a few mins . the chicken was soft , tender and tasty ! downside is that you got ta watch out for the bones but that 's ok ! it was cooked to perfection . along w the chicken were some coleslaw and rice w beans with oxtail gravy drizzled all over it . mmmm mmmm mmmmmmmmmmm . that oxtail gravy was soooooooo yummmy . i 'm still thinking about it ! the lady at the counter was also really nice ! i 'll definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good chicken\uff0ctasty ox tail , fair price , but dont try the `` dumping '' is does n't have any filling inside but just a deep fried dough", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome jerk chicken..plus they 're open super late ! best late night food in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a place i go to during the day but late night when they start smoking the meat outside on the bbq it is as good as it gets in toronto ... .jerk has to be done on a coal bbq to get that taste you get in yard ... will never taste as good as you get real chicken in ja but this is about as close as it gets never go to the spot a few doors down just to save wait time , they are not nearly as good they cook until 4-6 in the morning so this is the alternative to mcdonalds if you are willing to drive whoever decided to keep them open until extreme late night is a genius ... .luckily i live right beside the highway so the drive is not that big of an issue i usually just get the $ 10 dollar chicken , load it with the sauce they have , add some hot sauce , and remember the times in ochi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really hit or miss . foods either fresh or its not . they hardly ever have anything except the jerk chicken . the curry goat is more like curry goat bone - you 'll be lucky to find a nice piece of meat in there . festivals are always stale . when its good - its been really good , and its open late , but very often , its not good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chicken is moist and full of flavour . the skin is perfectly crisp and there 's a nice smoke flavour in that little styrofoam container . it 's also reassuring to actually see the man on the oil drum bbq outside on the sidewalk . the place definitely lacks the refinement of more gentrified neighborhoods , but the authenticity of this place is something you definitely ca n't call into question . the rice and peas could be a little tastier , but the jerk is on point . if you 're in the area and you 're looking for a late-night nibble , definitely skip the drive-thru at have some jerk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious fall off the bone jerk chicken . get it spicy - mix of two pepper sauces . no need for rice . medium is plenty of food . coconut drink is essential to rehydrate and help with the heat . peace and lov mon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with a hankerin ' for some authentic jerk , i thought i 'd give rap 's a shot . after reading the reviews , i had to try . well , it turns out i did n't have a great experience . i 'll try it again in the future but i chalk my less-than-perfect experience at rap 's up to the fact that i got there right at noon . due to that fact , i assume i was served yesterday 's jerk . nothing was ready except the jerk chicken , oxtail and plain white rice and they would n't sell me a festival because they were stale . when i got back to my office , my work bud 's serving of chicken was literally twice that of mine . although it really was tasty . sorry horace ! maybe next visit , i 'll be able to bump ya a couple stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good jerk chicken . if you 're craving for a well seasoned jerk recipe or want a late night meal ( these guys are open till 4 am ) , this is the perfect place to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in to try the jerk chicken . was n't able to as i was told i had to wait , as a large order was being prepared . why would i wait for you to complete a catering order when you could easily prepare 1 meal , have me pay , then i leave ? what if the place was packed ? what would you guys do ? you 'd be screwed . then you tell me 5 minutes later you might be out of jerk chicken after this order . wtf ? the customer service is always sub par in carribean restaurants across the gta . do better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "can i say ... amazing ? ? for $ 10 , ( they ran out of rice and peas at the time so i had to run next door to get some ) , i had a large rectangular take out box full of jerk chicken goodness . the guy manning the outside bbq was a super sweetie , drenching our take out boxes in the home made gravy . ca n't wait to go back again ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy rap the food here is delicious . super authentic and super delicious jamacian food . very friendly staff . if you do n't know what 's what ( i did n't ) just ask and they will explain what they have on offer . the chalkboard menus are n't very descriptive . a small combo comes with rice & beans a bit of salad and a meat of your choice for $ 6.50 and is very filling . they also offer oxtail & curried goat although it is n't listed on the menu . the jerk chicken is divine , so tender that it 's falling off the bone and perfectly seasoned . price is super affordable . if you are in the area stop by ! they 've also renovated fairly recently so the interior is very nice and inviting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will give this restaurant 3.5 star . their jerk chickens are good quality but the special sauce makes it even better . i have not tried anything else beside jerk here although you can get other carribaian foods like oxtail curry , fried fish , pineapple soda drinks etc . pricing for jerk here is decent . there is a small dining area and paid parking nearby . they do offer delivery by uber for few bucks extra . one thing i love about this restaurant is that jerks are served right off the grill which is located in front of the restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "effort was not anywhere in my meal . i 've been disappointed a few times now so ... that 's a wrap on raps . cold , day old , yuck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "its a shame i only discovered them recently . for someone who loves jerk chicken as much me it pains me to admit that i 've yet to taste the real thing ( from and in jamaica ) but i can say for certain that raps knock it right outta the park . seasoning and that hot sauce my god is it phenomenal . i find that every jerk chicken in toronto is unique in its way but these guys do it how i like it ... straight from the bbq . yes i 've had days where i could taste smell the lighter fluid on my chicken lol but it still does n't deter this snob from licking his fingers and wanting seconds . love the ordering system . pay up get an empty box go outside and get your chicken off the grill . my first time there i was confused and was n't sure if should ask why i 'm being handed an empty box haha but i was pleased with everything nonetheless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the worst . we ordered $ 15 of jerk chicken and rice and another order of stewed chicken and rice for $ 12 and we went to pick it up . we paid and came home and there was no jerk chicken in the container just filled with rice . this place is not worth it . completely shitty service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't love the food . just ordered from here through ubereats and found a piece of plastic wrapper in my rice . i feel like it could have potential if you get the food fresh , but knowing it was prepared in a careless manner has dampered the overall experience for me . i posted a picture of the plastic in the tips section .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly smile right when we walked in ! we had the oxtail and jerk chicken , servings were packed in and delicious ! priced fairly . we will be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "damn . this place is very good to your tastebuds . first of all , it 's amazing to wait by a drum barbecue while they cook the jerk chicken and you get covered in amazing barbecue smell . then , you watch this guy chop it up while your mouth waters all while you are standing on eglinton west ( and in my case it 's 1am and a lot of interesting people are walking by ... .sometimes stumbling lol ) . once i got home and ate it , i was happy as a peach . sometimes rice and beans can just be starch blah , but this rice and beans mixing with the jerk chicken and beautiful hot sauce makes magic . i will be back [ in arnold voice ] !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best and most authentic jerk chicken in town . i often stop after clubbing to get some jerk chicken . actually , i go out of my way . i have jamaican friends who would n't eat jerk chicken from anywhere else but raps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love coming here to satisfy my cravings ! best jerk chicken and oxtail ever ! perfect for the late night cravings ! reasonable portions and prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered curry goat the first time i visited a it proved to be pretty good with hot sauce of course . jerk chicken with peas and rice was the second dish i tried another time . not entirely a fan of chicken legs as a personal preference . did n't find it as flavourful as i it could be . dumplings are delish no doubt . it is also quite nice they have the bbq outside cooking as it adds a more autheitc feel and character to the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend orders raps with uber eats to his workplace all the time , and they always deliver it fresh and hot with lots of oxtail gravy . the jerk chicken is delicious and the rice is good too . one of the best jerk places in toronto ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to place for jerk chicken now . my only regret is that i did n't get enough hot sauce . myself and 2 other guys ordered 1 large jerk chicken meal , 1 large oxtail meal and 1 family sized chicken ! ! next time , more hot sauce on the side . peace and love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best spot to get jerk chicken in the city ! open very late on the weekends . my only complaint is that the wait can take a while if a new batch of chicken is being made but it 's so worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went out at 2:00 am to this place , ended up getting some great chicken and at a reasonable price . chicken was charcoal grilled and crispy while retaining enough moisture on the grill to remain juicy also doused in a very tasty sauce . also tried the jamaican patty , which was also very good , was much more moist and properly seasoned allowing for the actual taste of the beef to come through . main gripe is the neighbourhood surrounding the restaurant not being the most cozy , but that could have to do with going at 2 am .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at the end of any late business trip drive home from yyz , i 've held off on many an airport dinner for my late night rap 's . every time i go , you can count on a huge grey cloud of smoke and chicken smell , within an awesome giant oil drum . cars , locals , cabs and just hungry folk will walk up and grab some food to go . forget sit down . eat while standing , or leave . do n't bring your attitude . this place is honest good authentic jamaican jerk . the best i 've had in to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the jerk chicken is amazing , fall off the bone . it 's not very spicy though , but hot sauce is available at the front of the store . the oxtail is amazing and flavourful too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably top 3 jerk chicken in toronto ... maybe the best ! now that they are delivery with ubereats i have n't been able to get enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i go to for authentic jerk chicken outside jamaica . great portions , well priced and open late !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hate this store ! whenever i shop for shirts and shorts pants separates , they rarely have the sizes i 'm looking for . all their coupons exclude `` doorbusters '' and clearance , and almost every item in the store is marked either `` doorbuster '' or `` clearance '' . i belong to their `` rewarding moments '' loyalty club , but they can never look it up by my phone number , despite all the time i 've spent on many occasions trying to get the number linked to my email address . every time i do this , the employee tells me it 's all set , only to find out my account ca n't be found by my phone number the next time i visit . so done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stores staff was so helpful with a baby shower present i need to buy and the prices were great also", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in last minute , staff was very helpful and friendly one of the girls kept making my baby smile , and when i could n't find my 20 % coupon.. because i am signed up to receive rewards and such they went ahead and scanned a coupon for me , which i really appreciated . i 'll be back , plus i love the location you can get all your shopping done at the same shopping center .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pray to god that you have no where to be once you finally wade through their deceptive sales ads and flyers . the check out process is a half hour long process that , for the life of me , i can not understand why takes so long .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ein sehr sch\u00f6n eingerichtetes restaurant mit angstellten die sehr viel von der italienischen k\u00fcche verstehen . wir waren zu zweit dort und hatten kurzfristig einen tisch reserviert , da wir in der stadt zum shoppen waren und hunger bekamen und das valle zum gl\u00fcck nicht weit vom zentrum entfernt ist . als vorspeise hatte ich die mozarellasticks mit speck umandelt . die waren traumhaft , die beste vorspeise die ich jemals gegessen hab ! ! ich kann diese nur weiterempfehlen ! als hauptspeise hatte ich tortellini bolognese . hat auch sehr gut geschmeckt , jedoch war die portion f\u00fcr mich etwas zu klein sodass ich nicht wirklich satt davon wurde . als fazit w\u00fcrde ich dennoch sagen dass das valle ein super restaurant ist , welches auch preis leistungsm\u00e4\u00dfig stimmt und ich jedem weiterempfehlen w\u00fcrde", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolut empfehlenswert ! sowohl pizza , als auch pasta und nachtisch absolut empfehlenswert , superlecker abgestimmt auch von den kr\u00e4utern etc . her . am service gabs auch nichts zu bem\u00e4ngeln . au\u00dferdem stimmt das preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fazit : italiener mit verl\u00e4sslicher k\u00fcche , immer gut als alternative . das valle ist eigentlich immer voll . im winter ist reservieren fast pflicht , im sommer auch , zumindest wenn man auf der gro\u00dfen terrasse sitzen m\u00f6chte . -- - die karte ist gehobener durchschnitt , etwas schade , dass auch durch sonderkarten wenig wirkliche abwechslung entsteht . die qualit\u00e4t der speisen ist v\u00f6llig ok , ohne dass ich jetzt in begeisterung ausbrechen m\u00fcsste . -- - der service ist freundlich , aber distanziert , immer ein wenig gehetzt . das ambiente ist sachlich leger , aber kein grund , hinzugehen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leckeres italienisches essen , service h\u00e4tte jedoch etwad aufmerksamer sein k\u00f6nnen , sowohl zum getr\u00e4nke bestellen musste ich lange warten als auch sp\u00e4ter als wir zahlen wollten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "top italiener mit sehr guter k\u00fcche und einer ausgesuchten weinauswahl . pizza , pasta und leckere fleisch und fischgerichte mit frischen produkten zubereitet . terrasse f\u00fcr den sommer . immer sehr freundliches personal . parken an der strasse oder im parkhaus gegen\u00fcber .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das valle ist ein sehr gutes italienisches restaurant . die speisen sind absolut lecker , mit frischen zutaten , eben ganz nach dem geschmack von bella italia . der service ist unheimlich freundlich und aufmerksam . und besonders zu empfehlen , wie auch schon von meinen vorg\u00e4ngern erw\u00e4hnt : die pasta aus dem parmesanlaib . also , f\u00fcr den der gern und gut italienisch isst , ist das valle ein muss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren hier samstagabends zum essen , hatten zum gl\u00fcck vorher reserviert . das ambiente ist toll und das essen fand ich auch sehr gut . ist eher ein szene-restaurant als ein gem\u00fctliches , ruhiges pl\u00e4tzchen . was ich aber so sch\u00f6n fand , ist , dass das restaurant insgesamt nicht so gro\u00df ist . service war auch gut . w\u00fcrd ich jederzeit mal wieder hingehen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hatten einen tisch reserviert und waren zu fr\u00fch da . statt uns an die bar zu begleiten wurden wir einfach stehen gelassen.wie bestellt und nicht abgeholt.service war nach dem das essen serviert wurde nicht mehr vorhanden.unsere getr\u00e4nke neigten sich w\u00e4hrend dem essen dem ende und wir h\u00e4tten gerne nach bestellt.kellner wurde erst wieder freundlich als es zum bezahlen und an das trinkgeld ging . fazit : essen ok und \u00fcberteuert . das reastaurant wird \u00fcberbewertet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das essen ist gut . der service ist aufmerksam , k\u00f6nnte aber freundlicher sein . das ambiente ist angenehm und man kann drau\u00dfen sitzen . es ist auf jeden fall ein erlebnis .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meine erste kritik auf diesem portal widme ich einem meiner lieblingsrestaurants in stuttgart - dem valle ! wie auch schon letztes jahr haben wir dort den geburtstag von meiner schwester gefeiert . wir sind bisher immer sehr zufrieden gewesen - und wurden erneut nicht entt\u00e4uscht . wie immer ist das valle gut besucht an einem wochenendtag und am besten man reserviert zeitig . nun zum essen : vitello tonnato ( 9,50 ) wie immer super lecker und auch meine geliebten ravioli gef\u00fcllt mit ricotta & spinat in butter & salbeiso\u00dfe ( 8,50 ) haben mich gl\u00fccklich gemacht . die kellner sind immer sehr aufmerksam , freundlich und immer recht z\u00fcgig . es ist ihnen auch dieses jahr nicht entgangen , dass wir in einen geburtstag reinfeiern und wieder einmal bekam das geburtstagskind ein gl\u00e4schen tiramisu mit wunderkerze drin . : - ) fazit : absolut empfehlenswert wenn man gerne gut italienisch essen geht f\u00fcr einen in meinen augen angemessenen preis in der region stuttgart !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spaghetti mit parmesan und tr\u00fcffeln ist aber absoluter traum . die pizza leider sehr entt\u00e4uschend , da der teig wie gummi ist . das ambiente ist an sich sehr sch\u00f6n , aber es ist so eng bestuhlt , dass man eigentlich mit seinem nachbarn an einem tisch sitzen bzw . von einem teller essen kann . der service war gut und die bestellung ging trotz vollem restaurant z\u00fcgig . eine reservierung ist unbedingt notwendig . nettes restaurant , aber so schnell muss ich es nicht wieder haben .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a really pleasant and authentic italian restaurant . we were very nicely surprised by the tasty sicilian wine . as for food , the pasta was delicious and so was the carpaccio . the italian staff is friendly even though sometimes it took a bit longer to get served . provided the atmosphere we did not , however , mind waiting . it was a very nice chilled evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einer der besten italienischen restaurants in stuttgart , die ich kenne . nachdem man auch einige gut situierte italiener unter den g\u00e4sten sieht , sicher ein gutes zeichen . man wird freundlich bedient , die menuauswahl ist sehr gut ( nicht die \u00fcblichen standardmenus von den unterdurchschnittlichen italienischen restaurants ) und hat eine sehr gute preis leistung . ich war dort privat und gesch\u00e4ftlich , teilweise mit vielen personen am tisch . die bedienung war immer sehr gut . das man in einem so gutes restaurant einen tisch reservieren sollte , ist eher als gutes zeichen zu interpretieren . es gibt sicherlich restaurants mit 2 kellnern pro person , die ein benehmen wie aus der butlerschule kommend haben , aber hier stimmt die stimmung und das preis leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis . die speisen , die ich hatte waren immer top . und tr\u00fcffel zur richtigen jahreszeit ist schon ein erlebnis !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guter italiener mit leckerer pasta . andere gerichte kann ich leider nicht beurteilen , da ich immer an den spaghetti aus dem parmesanlaib oder anderen super leckeren nudel-gerichten h\u00e4ngen bleibe . pasta geht bei 7 euro los . immer reservieren und trotzdem etwas geduld mitbringen ( wir sind ja auch nicht immer auf der flucht ) . leider ist der gastraum sehr eng bestuhlt . also alles f\u00fcr sich eine schmackhafte art , italienisch essen zu gehen und dann aber auch weiter zu ziehen . stuttgart bietet ja eine menge sch\u00f6ne bars um den abend ausklingen zu lassen . wir kommen gerne wieder", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wieder einer dieser m\u00f6chtegern-edelitaliener : die tische sind so eng wie m\u00f6glich gestellt . man hat nicht genug kellner eingestellt , um einen individuellen service zu bieten . die qualit\u00e4t des essens ist mittelm\u00e4\u00dfig , die preise hoch . mir st\u00f6\u00dft sowas immer sauer auf . sorry , aber ich m\u00f6chte mich als gast f\u00fchlen und nicht als melkkuh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir gehen sehr gern ins valle . das valle geh\u00f6rt zu unseren lieblings restaurants in stuttgart . moderne , legere atmosph\u00e4re machen das valle sehr angenehm . professionelle , engagierte kellner sorgen f\u00fcr zufriedene g\u00e4ste . ob im restaurant oder auf der terrasse sitzt man immer ausgesprochen angenehm . empfehlen kann ich eigentlich alles , was ich dort je gegessen habe . die spaghetti aus dem parmesanleib mit tr\u00fcffel haben aber einen sehr hohen suchtfaktor . hier ist alles perfekt vom aperitif , \u00fcber die vorspeise , weiter mit dem hauptgericht , bis zum dessert . beim besagten besuch gab es carpaccio , die besagten spagetti und ein leckeres tiramisu . alles perfekt ! hier kocht man mit viel kreativit\u00e4t und k\u00fcmmert sich um eine sch\u00f6ne optik der speisen . hier mal ein riesen lob an das team vom valle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr sehr gut und sehr akzeptabele preisen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren hier jetzt 2-3 mal und jedesmal ist das essen einfach top ! ! der chef ist total sympathisch und cool drauf . man muss nicht lange warten und auch die weinauswahl ist passend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "geschmacklich und von der einrichtung echt top . auch sehr gute lage zum parken oder auch zu fu\u00df gut zu erreichen . f\u00fcr mich immer einen besuch wert", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schlechter service und schwaches essen dies war mein dritter und letzter besuch ; den schlechten service war ich schon gewohnt , aber das essen hat jetzt leider auch sehr abgebaut . wir hatten nicht reserviert , da ist es verst\u00e4ndlich , da\u00df man uns im eingangsbereich warten l\u00e4sst , um zu schauen ob man uns einen platz anbieten kann ; aber 5min sind zuviel des guten . wir haben die spezialit\u00e4t des hauses ; die spaghetti aus dem parmesanrad mit gehobelten tr\u00fcffeln bestellt . auch auf nachfrage versicherte der kellner , das die spaghetti aus dem parmesanrad sind ; nur sa\u00dfen wir dummerweise direkt neben dem parmesanrad im eingangsbereich und dieses wurde den ganzen abend \u00fcber nicht benutzt . das was aus der k\u00fcche kam war lauwarm und fade gew\u00fcrzt . unsere beschwerde wurde leider auch ignoriert .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das valle ist wie ein kurz-urlaub in italien ! die speisekarte und die abwechslungsreiche wochenkarte machen einem die auswahl aus den vielen mediterranen k\u00f6stlichkeiten nicht einfach aber egal was ich auch gew\u00e4hlt habe , ich wurde noch nie entt\u00e4uscht . einziges manko : teilweise werden zu viele g\u00e4ste angenommen , so dass man sehr dicht gedr\u00e4ngt sitzt f\u00fcr ein romantisches t\u00eate-\u00e0-t\u00eate also eher ungeeignet . und leider sind die ger\u00fcffelten spaghetti aus dem parmesanleib etwas \u00fcberteuer . aber dolce vita hat halt seinen preis ! ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zuverl\u00e4ssiger italiener , der sehr beliebt ist bei den universit\u00e4tsmitarbeitern und studenten . die bewirtung ist nicht ganz herzlich , aber korrekt . der salat ist knackig , der pizzateig nicht schlecht , aber beim belag mangelt es an frische und vor allem an w\u00fcrze . vielleicht sollten wir mal abends vorbeikommen , aber da gehen wir doch lieber zur konkurrenz um die ecke .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in den letzten monaten war ich mindestens 8 mal im valle . zu zweit , zu viert und auch in gro\u00dfer runde mit 20 leuten . haupts\u00e4chlich gibt es dort nudeln , pizza und salat . fazit : essen war immer ok , kein einziges mal gabs was zu meckern . weder am service noch an qualit\u00e4t oder menge des essens . wer will kann auch sonderw\u00fcnsche \u00e4u\u00dfern und diese werden umgesetzt ( ... sosse ohne spinat , daf\u00fcr aber mit ) sehr empfehlenswert : bei sch\u00f6nem wetter drau\u00dfen sitzen . trotz der lage sehr ruhig . allerdings kommt aufgrund der lage auf der nordseite eines gro\u00dfen b\u00fcrogeb\u00e4udes dort nie die sonne hin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "prima italiener in der innenstadt , was sich rumgesprochen hat . ohne reservierung wird es am wochenende echt schwierig noch ein platz zu ergattern und dass bei dieser engen bestuhlung ( dem einzigen haken am valle ) . service top , speisen sehr gut , die offene weinauswahl k\u00f6nnte besser sein . im sommer mit gro\u00dfer terrasse . wer parkplatzprobleme anf\u00fchrt , der kennt die zahlreichen parkh\u00e4user in der umgebung nicht . parken an der stra\u00dfe ist etwas schwieriger , aber wir sind halt in der innenstadt . wer nicht ganz lauffaul ist vom hauptbahnhof sind es nur f\u00fcnf minuten zu fu\u00df .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ok italian food . nice ambiance though . the pizza is n't traditional italian pizza , it was a bit thicker and a bit doughier . we ordered the margarita pizza , it was n't bad but was n't great either . we also ordered the eggplant appetizer with mozzarella cheese and tomato sauce . nothing special , would n't recommend this . as for a pasta , we got the spaghetti with black truffles and parmesan cheese . the portion is huge so do n't order too much . the pasta was al dente which i really liked , not enough shaved black truffle on top but overall the taste was quite delicious . if you 're just visiting stuttgart for a few days , i would n't go to this restaurant . i 'd try to find something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das valle ist aus meiner sicht eines der besten restaurants in stuttgart , manchmal zwar etwas s\u00fcdl\u00e4ndisch gleichg\u00fcltig was den service betrifft , aber immer freundlich ! das essen ist wirklich klasse ! ob f\u00fcr den romantischen abend zu zweit oder das business lunch - es ist top !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "schlie\u00dfe mich an . pizza sehr gut . au\u00dferdem parkhaus direkt gegen\u00fcber .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im valle ist jeder ein ragazzi : - ) hier wird man herzlich aufgenommen , freundlich bedient und das essen ist durchaus sehr lecker . fazit : einer der besten italiener in stuttgart , sehr empfehlenswert !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah valle , just thinking of my last dinner here makes my mouth water . this is a truly authentic italian restaurant with great ambient and a very big menu . the truffle pasta is my favorite ! i can not wait to be back in stuttgart ! service was excellent as well . i rarely give a place 5 stars ( typically there 's always room for improvement ) but valle definitely deserves it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein `` wir waren gleich zwei mal hintereinander in diesem netten lokal . zum gl\u00fcck hatten wir vorher reserviert , denn es ist dort richtig was los . der service war sehr aufmerksam und hat uns gleich einen sch\u00f6nen tisch zugewiesen . getr\u00e4nke und speisen kamen , trotz des sehr vollen lokals , \u00fcberraschend schnell . kompliment . und dann auch noch so ausgezeichnet lecker . wir kommen gerne wieder und k\u00f6nnen dieses lokal uneingeschr\u00e4nkt weiter empfehlen . '' bedienung der service war zuvorkommend und nett . genau so , wie es sein sollte . ebenso wurde uns auf die tageskarte hingewiesen . das essen wir hatten die spaghetti aus dem parmesanlaib und das saltimbocca . beides hervorragend . k\u00f6nnen wir nur weiter empfehlen . das ambiente typisch italienisch eben . uns hat es sehr gut gefallen . wir k\u00f6nnen es uneingeschr\u00e4nkt weiter empfehlen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "habe dort mir freunden meinen geburtstag im kleinen kreis gefeiert . alle vorspeisen , zwischenspeisen und hauptgang waren sehr gut und wirklich zu empfehlen . das rind h\u00e4tte etwas saftiger sein d\u00fcrfen , daf\u00fcr waren aber der fisch und oktopus fantastisch . w\u00fcrde ich jedem empfehlen , der einmal richtig gut italienisch essen gehen m\u00f6chte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "feine speisen gute weine und eine edele italienischer atmosph\u00e4re", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guter italiener . das preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis pa\u00dft hier auf jeden fall . sehr nettes personal . essen auch gut . kommen immer wieder gerne .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einer meiner lieblingsitaliener in stuggi ! essen ist lecker , tolle weine & der service top . immer wieder ein vergn\u00fcgen & noch nie entt\u00e4uscht worden : ) good to have you guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mittagstich ist gut , g\u00fcstig und abwechslungsreich ! immer ein besuch wert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waren heute hier essen . service war sehr gut , das hauptgericht dauerte etwas l\u00e4nger aber das liegt daran dass alles frisch gemacht wird vorspeise ( bruschetta ) war sehr gut hauptgericht ( pizza ) war gut hauptgericht ( tortellini mit spinat k\u00e4se ) war sehr gut nachtisch ( dolce vetrina ) eine art windbeutel mit schoko f\u00fcllung war sehr gut preise sind f\u00fcr diese qualit\u00e4t sehr gut ich kann nur empfehlen mal das valle zu besuchen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza wie in italien ! bin auch nach zig besuchen mit freunden , familie und freundin noch begeistert : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die pasta mit salcicca habe ich nach drei bissen zur\u00fcckgehen lassen . der geschmack war indiskutabel . das erkl\u00e4rte ich dem kellner auch so . ein anderes gericht oder eine entschuldigung gab es nicht , auf der rechnung wurde nat\u00fcrlich der volle preis berechnet . einzig der offene wein war brauchbar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place . before the food came out , i was already saying `` we should come back here ! '' i liked the casual atmosphere , yet they had real white tablecloths , candles and wine glasses on the table . but ... the \u20ac14.50 truffle parmesan spaghetti was cold and the truffles smelled like sperm - are they supposed to ? there was too much tuna on the tuna pizza - it was weird - and the tastes did n't meld well , though the crust was good . finally , we were too full to try dessert . : ( i hate it when that happens . the italian-speaking waiters were entertaining .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ich liiebe die tr\u00fcffelspaghetti dort . ich gehe oft mit meinem freund hin und werde jedesmal freundlich begr\u00fc\u00dft . das ambiente ist toll und drau\u00dfen ist es im sommer sehr sch\u00f6n zum essen . ein toller italiener f\u00fcr jeden anlass !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das valle hat sich wirklich zu einem guten restaurant entwickelt . jedoch empfehle ich vorallem am wochenende zu reservieren . mussten trotz reservierung recht lange waten , und es wurde uns in der zwischenzeit kein aperitiv angeboten . das essen ist wirklich gut , ich liebe die pasta aus dem parmesanleib und das vitello tonnato . die weine die das valle hat sind auch wirklich gut , vorallem der weisse regaleali . leider ist das service recht unaufmerksam und sehr langsam . aber eine gute alternative zu den anderen italienischen restaurants in der innenstadt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "besuch am fr\u00fchen samstag-abend ( 18 uhr ) ohne reservierung : - gl\u00fccklicherweise gab es noch einen kleinen tisch im eingangsbereich ( leider etwas zugig ) f\u00fcr 1,5 stunden : reservierung empfohlen ! - tische sehr eng gestellt , daher ziemlich unruhig hektisch und laut - service okay , aber nicht \u00fcberm\u00e4\u00dfig freundlich - karte bietet f\u00fcr jeden geschmack etwas ( fisch , fleisch , pasta , pizza ) ; ein gro\u00dfteil der pasta wird im hause hergestellt ( spaghetti nicht ) - pesce spada affumicato su melanzane , pomodoro , basilico e pinoli ( carpaccio vom ger\u00e4ucherten schwertfisch mit auberginen , tomaten , basilikum und pinienkernen ; 11.5 eur ) sehr lecker und sehr zu empfehlen ! - cannelloni ricotta e spinaci ( gef\u00fcllte nudeln mit ricotta und spinat , \u00fcberbacken mit tomaten-mozzarella-so\u00dfe ; 8 eur ) : gro\u00dfe portion , hausgemachte nudeln , allerdings etwas fad - spaghetti con frutti di mare ( mit meeresfr\u00fcchten und kirschtomaten in wei\u00dfwein ; 10.5 eur ) : sehr sch\u00f6n angerichtet , gro\u00dfe portion ; geschmacklich lecker fazit : ambiente etwas zu unruhig und hektisch , gutes essen zu gutem preis ! service k\u00f6nnte freundlicher sein !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tolle tr\u00fcffel-spaghetti , gute antipasti ! nette atmosph\u00e4re auf der terrasse ! service war scheinbar \u00fcberfordert , dennoch sehr freundlich . mussten ca 50 min auf das essen warten aber bei voller terrasse an einem samstag abend ok .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich hatte vor kurzem im valle eine pizza scharfe salami mit riccota . absolut perfekt , so stellt man sich eine pizza vor . preislich in ordnung , service top und auch das ambiente ist recht nett . sehr zu empfehlen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich kann mich meinen vorrednern eigentlich nur anschlie\u00dfen : ambiente sehr nett , essen gut . hervorzuheben ist definitiv der service . selten so h\u00f6fliche und zuvorkommende kellner gesehen . das essen ist wie gesagt gut und lecker . ich hatte saltimbocca . das kommt sehr nahe an das von toni http : www.qype.com place 2238-pizzeria-ristorante-da-toni-backnang ran . das fleisch zart , man konnte es fast lutschen . perfekt ! allerdings h\u00e4tte die portion f\u00fcr mich etwas gr\u00f6\u00dfer ausfallen k\u00f6nnen . meine `` mitg\u00e4ste '' hatten eine pizza , die sehr gut gewesen sein soll und spaghetti im parmesanlaib geschwenkt . das ist die spezialit\u00e4t des hauses : eine portionen spaghetti in einen hohlen laib parmesan , etwas schwenken und der k\u00e4se setzt sich in den nudeln fest . superlecker !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bin positiv begeistert , klasse speisen , tolles perso , abjente auch nett.komme wieder . danke", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mittags der reine massenbetrieb . erstaunlich , dass die qualit\u00e4t dennoch stimmt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "der italiener in stuttgart . klasse essen - gute weine - preisliches niveau absolut in ordnung - mittagstisch - schnelle bedienungen - sch\u00f6nes ( modernes ) ambiente - im sommer kann man drau\u00dfen sitzen - parkm\u00f6glichkeiten vor der t\u00fcre fazit : es passt einfach alles ! tipp : spaghetti , welche im parmesamlaib geschwenkt wurden + gehobelter tr\u00fcffel dar\u00fcber == leckerst !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das valle ist wie ein kurz-urlaub in italien ! die speisekarte und die abwechslungsreiche wochenkarte machen einem die auswahl aus den vielen mediterranen k\u00f6stlichkeiten nicht einfach aber egal was ich auch gew\u00e4hlt habe , ich wurde noch nie entt\u00e4uscht . einziges manko : teilweise werden zu viele g\u00e4ste angenommen , so dass man sehr dicht gedr\u00e4ngt sitzt f\u00fcr ein romantisches t\u00eate-\u00e0-t\u00eate also eher ungeeignet . und leider sind die ger\u00fcffelten spaghetti aus dem parmesanleib etwas \u00fcberteuer . aber dolce vita hat halt seinen preis ! ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "toller italiener in der stuttgarter innenstadt . besonderheiten : beste spaghetti parmigiano e tarfufo in ganz stuttgart ! und ein super service-team , das die g\u00e4ste sehr pers\u00f6nlich umsorgt . ich bin stammkunde ( 1x monat ) seit 2007 und immer voll zufrieden gewesen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein sch\u00f6ner abend ein sch\u00f6nes lokal . service nicht gerade der beste aber ein super dessert ! ! ! alles in allem ein guter abend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das valle ist wie das oggi immer gut besucht , von mir das zweite und auch das letzte mal , nicht weil es schlecht war oder der service unfreundlich , sondern weil es einfach bessere italiener in stuttgart gibt . das bier das ich gerne als erstes trinke war lauwarm , an einem warmen sommerabend freut man sich auf ein k\u00fchles frisches bier und so macht es dann keinen spa\u00df . die antipasto della casa zur vorspeise bestand aus einer scheibe landschinken , der sehr gut war . etwas vitello das seine daseinsberechtigung hatte etwas caprese mit kuhmilchmozzarellak\u00fcgelchen und geschmacklosen kirschtomaten und ebenso geschmacklich langweiligem bruschetta . die gegrillte paprika war lecker , die aubergine matschig . pizza gibt es bessere , andere schaffen es einen knusprigen boden zu backen . die scaloppa di vitello waren sehr zart , die beilagen , sauce und das fleisch musste aber sehr stark nachgew\u00fcrzt werden . naja , lieber nachw\u00fcrzen als versalzen . also wie gesagt , es war nicht schlecht , nur langweilig . daher lieber zum italiener der eine geringere rolexdichte hat und daf\u00fcr ein besseres gef\u00fchl beim bezahlen hinterl\u00e4sst .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "allgemein eine absolute empfehlung ! wir waren mit unseren mitarbeitern zum advents-essen und hatten klasse essen und tollen service . bedienung das restaurant war bis auf den lettzen platz belegt und trotzdem war der service flott und freundlich . w\u00e4hrend des gesamten abends kam regelm\u00e4\u00dfig die nachfrage ob alles in ordnung sei oder noch etwas ben\u00f6tigt wird . das essen gemischte vorspeisen- sehr gut ! pizzabrot mit tomate und knoblauch - sehr gut ! nudeln aus dem parmesanlaib mit tr\u00fcffel- perfekt ! gegrillter lachs mit gem\u00fcse - herrlich ! goldbrasse gegrillt mit spinat - ok ! panna cotta - topp ! tiramisu- sehr gut das ambiente sicher keine lokalit\u00e4t f\u00fcr ein romantisches candle ligth dinner ... aber ein herrlich lebhaftes lokak mit herz . ideal wenn man mit freunden ooder auch der familie gute italienische k\u00fcche in italienischen ambiente geniessen m\u00f6chte . sauberkeit wc auch zu sp\u00e4ter stunde einwandfrei sauber", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich bin hier \u00f6fters zum mittagstisch , war aber auch schon abends da ! mittags immer recht voll , einfach vorher reservieren oder schauen , wo man noch einen platz bekommt . das personal ist hier sehr zuvorkommend ! das essen ist einfach immer lecker , sch\u00f6ne auswahl an italienischen spezialit\u00e4ten . einfach ein gut gef\u00fchrtes lokal mit qualit\u00e4t , die schon \u00fcber jahre anh\u00e4lt", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich liebe alles hier . die selbstgemachten nudeln , den service und die ruhige location . you have five points !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , honest and friendly . i got a solid repair from these guys today and they were very helpful . i could not be happier with the service i have received at this shop . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a relationship with a mechanic you trust is extremely valuable . for me , it 's kevin and his colleagues at the car doctor . you will be treated like family from the time you call until your car is finished . my partner and i have both brought our cars to kevin for the last three years . every single time we have had a positive experience . when my car was under warranty i would take it to nissan who would provide me with a laundry list of things they `` recommended . '' i would then take my car and the list to kevin and he would tell me straight up how necessary each item was so that i could make a more informed decision . of course he was always able to beat the price on what the dealer was asking for the recommended services . now that my car is no longer under warranty , i bring it here for service or issues . the car doctor destroys the stereotype of the shady mechanic . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best , honest and most efficient auto repair shops in town . the price they quote you will be more than fair and probably far below anyone else around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little late on this review but i had to get it in because of the great service i received from the car doctor . from the time i pulled up to the time i left everyone was very professional and also very easy to talk to . they took the time to show me some things that needed to be serviced . when my repairs took a little longer than expected and when the total was going to be a little more than the original quote they worked with me to keep the price in line and apologized for taking the extra time . first class service , would highly recommend and will be returning in the future for any work that needs to be done on my car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i was acknowledge and treated with dignity by a honest mechanic shop here in las vegas . after re evaluating my repairs the shop contacted me and said the repairs were not as much as we thought they were . the guys at this shop are the real deal . their honest reliable and most of all they care . please use this shop and tell all your friends about it this shop is the bomb dot com ! ! ! thumbs up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin & tom are awesome . a piece of my bumper shield came loose while driving . i stopped by the car doctor mainly because it was the closest auto shop . kevin told me he 'd get the car on the lift in about 30-45 minutes . i went to grab lunch and came back in about 30 minutes . my car was already fixed , back in the parking lot , and because all they did was replace a few bolts , they did n't charge me a thing . definitely going back if ever i need auto service again . not that i 'm hoping for that soon . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! diagnosed overheating problem and replaced one of the fans . took about 3hrs start to finish . gave us directions for places to eat nearby . everyone was very knowledgeable and professional . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon moving to las vegas i came across this gem of a garage . they are friendly and provide supreme service at an affordable rate . my entire family uses the car doctor and we always will .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called at 8 when they opened did not talk to someone untill 1030 . they said they were busy and would call between 8-9 next day to set up service time . they did not call and never could reach them . calling another moble service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unbelievably honest , extremely professional . i can not say enough about how great this place is . brought my daughters car in to have the brakes replaced , thomas was fantastic ! he knew nothing about my situation ( which is currently not so good ) but he was so helpful in getting the cost down to something i could afford . there was no pressured up selling , just total honesty and professionalism , i will come back here again and again , i will recommend them to all my friends and family ! did n't think good people were still around in the automotive business , especially in las vegas . glad i found the one place they were hiding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still going to this salon and very pleased with tracy and her nail stylists . they are so kind and do a great job . the salon is always very clean . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place seriously does the best pedicure in fort mill . for their deluxe pedi ( $ 35 ) it includes hot stones , mask , hot towels , etc . they do such a great massage too . they never act rushed when i am there . i had gel polish done on my fingers yesterday and they look amazing too ( $ 30 ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually come here for waxing but decided to try them for nails . other salons have made me bleed but not kat . she did a great job and i was in and out in an hour with no appointment at noon on a saturday . they do a great job waxing to : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pedicure ! ! the foot massage is ample amount of time . my tech was extremely gentle ! a perfect french tip is hard to get ! she actually put my feet together to make sure the lines were even and matched ! this is my 2nd time in , so it 's a winner ! finally found a great salon ! everyone is so friendly and there is great conversation and you can clearly understand ! awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first visit , the price is too high from the salon in the area 20 dollars for basic manicure.they do a good job but too price even if i do n't want deep yor hand in wax . i ask basic manicure.also she talk includes massage in this price but i do n't get even 2 min", "score": "2"}
{"review": "from out of town and needed to get my nails done . since not many people in this area used yelp to help me out with my decision i had to pick one closer to me . called 20 min before just to check if spot was avail . they said yes . went in the salon and right away i could tell it was very clean which i was happy about . started a little late but was ok i was in no rush . 2 hours later i finally finished with just my full set . so if your in a rush i would not recommend . but other than that my nails came out ok but not something i 'm ecstatic about .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times for pedicures . they always do a great job and i got a mani yesterday and i love it ! will recommend to anyone in this area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been in the salon twice for a brazilian wax and ped\u00ed , i have no complaints so far and will keep going there every 6 weeks for waxing . the staff is very friendly and they do a great job", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had 3 vehicles get windshields replaced by american warrior , they are super easy to work with and do high quality work . weather working through insurance or paying out of pocket they are the best deal in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! i had a chip that spread overnight with the heat and needed to get fixed asap . american warrior helped me get the claim setup with my insurance company , and had it fixed the next day ! they came right to my work and we 're done before my lunch break . thanks so much , you guys are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super convenient and professional ! they were able to come to my work the same day , assisted with calling the insurance to make sure everything was covered and taken care of . they followed through and made sure my tint was matched after the install , and also took care of that with my insurance . i would highly recommend and would use again ! ! thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! a glass company i can count on ! ! they were very professional and were able to meet my needs in a timely manner . in a high pace world , speed and organization is key and they have it dialed in . customer service at its finest ! i highly recommend these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service i 've had ! i had the windshields in 2 of my vehicles replaced by them . they came out to my office , them to my house . quick and reliable all around ! i would definitely recommend using them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was friendly and my smoothie was great . the price is a little high but i do n't foresee those coming down . i would recommend anyone looking for a one stop to visit this hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always friendly and knowledgeable staff . yummiy smoothies and great selection of gluten free low carb meal replacements or snacks . parking can be tight . stoked to have one close to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love one stop ! i was super excited when this opened ! i have been here a few times.. super knowledgable and friendly staff . definitely stop in for any nutrition needs and grab a shake ... yum ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service sucks . watered down shakes . we asked for no water in shakes . the clerk did it to one and not the other one . excuse was it was to fill the cup . so if you filled the other one without water why could n't you replicate it ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never understood the need for an employee to flex his power over someone who may or may not be an actual customer . stoped in to use the rest room because i was grabbing some food next door and they did n't have a public restroom . asked to use the rest room and he directed me to the back . when i was leaving he asked if i needed a shake and i declined , so then he informed me that next time i stopped in there would n't be a rest room for me . nutrition and a solid workout routine has been on the forefront of my mind lately but after this experience with this person , when i 'm in the market for weight loss supplies , i 'll be sure to take my business elsewhere . if it 's such a big deal , make sure you post a sign that rest rooms are for customers only instead of being a dick about it afterwards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the place is clean and the selection of shakes is good . prices for supplements seem to be a little high but i always buy mine online anyway so no issue and totally understand the `` retail '' model . have been to this and several others and all the people working behind the counter have been nice and a few pretty good looking . do n't expect everyone there to know the ins and outs of best supplements for you to be taking to achieve the results you want . they may look like their inshape but does n't mean they are nutritionist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to a couple one stops but this one stood out to me today . very clean , friendly customer service , got me signed up for the loyalty program , and made my shake super fast ! definitely will frequent this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best smoothie joint in the entire valley . i 've been to a number of onestop 's and this one hands down takes the cake . not only do they make the worlds greatest smoothies but the customer service at this location is fanominal . the owners name is tony and he 's without a doubt the most helpful person i 've met when it comes to nutrition . personally i go to this location every single day to get my morning smoothie because they 're literally that good . if anyone is actually taking the time to read this entire review i 've conducted then i highly advise you to go check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this one stop nutrition location is awesome . do yourself a favor and pop into this place for a shake post-workout or as a meal replacement . they 've got a nice variety to choose from when it comes to flavors and supplements in the shakes , and they always taste great . the staff is always super friendly ( tony , owner & garrett ) and willing to help you if you 've got any questions about the supplements that they sell in the store . unlike some other health stores like gnc , they wo n't try to upsell or oversell you on things you not only do n't need , but do n't want to waste your money on . definitely a good addition to the neighborhood for health supplement selection , convenience , and awesome shakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exactly what i needed . just finished a camelback mountain hike and walked all the way to the 44th and indian school location just for one of their real fruit smoothies . best meal replacement after my body was in dire need of exactly the combo i ordered . pre or post work out , anytime run , meal replacement , and any other combo you desire . stop into any of their true smoothies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "forget about my review for the one in south scottsdale which i have already deleted . i genuinely like the staffs here . they are so welcoming and nice , not as the gym bros at the other location . the service here is indeed friendly yet polite ! i got sick of the attitude at the other location so this review tends to comparing with it but it 's worth driving little further for the better service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy i came here instead of gnc , the associate garret was extremely helpful and friendly . he recommended a delicious iso100 whey and the customer service was above and beyond ! i have been to the scottsdale location before and i will continue to go to this location as well ! keep up the good work guys ! i never leave disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here since this location opened ; probably about 2 years ago . the owner and his staff are extremely knowledgeable about their supplements , ingredients included and what to take to achieve the result you 're looking for . the shakes are amazing here . other locations put too much ice or not the right combination of flavor : base ratio . i highly recommend this location for friendly knowledgeable staff ... : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite supplement shop in phoenix . had my mind set on a pwo , but the knowledgeable team member pointed me in a much different direction , thus saving me close to $ 40 . this is typical of the experiences that i have had there . super nice , super cool , super knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love one stop nutrition and was so happy when they opened on 44th street . great store has everything you could possibly need for health and nutrition . owner is extremely friendly and knowledgable about the products , also makes great protein shakes ! recommend to everyone instead of going to hi health or gnc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a healthy alternative to say hitting starbucks for a frappacino . they offer a wide variety of healthy shakes . the store was clean and the customer service was good . i will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awsome customer service , they gave me a free shirt and shaker just because it was my first time in this location ! i think he is the owner big bald guy with glasses..outstanding protein bar tender ! he has a plethora of valid information on your health and is super friendly , ask him questions . he 's got the stuff you need to feel amazing everyday ! oh yeah , did i mention his shakes are the bomb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food for a cheap price ! after reading other yelper 's reviews , i had to try to beef noodle soup but i liked the sound of the spicy chicken with rice and vegetables . the soup was really good , some of the beef melted in my mouth while other chunks were a little tough but that did n't bother me too much . the broth was flavourful and had some spice to it . the spicy chicken on the other hand was n't spicy at all and i had to spice it up myself , not bad tasting but i wanted spicy chicken to be spicy . not a good idea of you need a quick fix , my order took about 15mins to make and there was one person ahead . probably because there was one lady running the show so you could consider it a good thing that the food is n't completely pre made and sitting there . if you 're in the area and want to try something different , and are n't in a particular rush , check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beef noodle soup had good stock , noodles , but meat too tough . popcorn chicken was ok . i 'll still come back to try other items just cuz it 's taiwanese", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beef noodle soup is one of my favorite tw dishes . it 's okay here , for the price ( and convenience ... its close to home ) . i like the flavor of the broth . the noodles are okay , although they do n't seem like the typical types of noodles that you get in beef noodle soup . my main complaint is about the beef ... it was pretty dry & flavorless . also got the popcorn chicken , which i enjoyed . it 's about a 10min walk from the subway station . accepts credit card . street parking available . as others have mentioned its tiny inside ... makes sense to get take out . i 'll probably return , because of the convenience . but i would n't go out of my way to come here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they make the best popcorn chiken bento , a must try . they also have several traditional taiwanese soups you can choose from . sometimes i felt the sauce is a bit too much , but you can always ask them to go easy on the sauce . nice owner as well ! definitely worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one star for the fragrant sesame oil that perfected my taiwanese 3-cup chicken , one star for the fresh basil leaves the were in the sauce , one star for the generous portions , one star for the reasonable price , one star because i love and miss taiwanese food ! if you want authentic taiwanese food for a good price , this is the place to get it . note : this is not a sit-down , high end experience . it 's 5 stars for being great at what it 's trying to do ! yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank goodness for wiki star , there 's not much non-korean food in this area so i 'm so thankful for wiki and the food is great and mega cheap . get a combo and add just $ 1 for bbt so awesome . it is a small mom and pop shop so you should probably do take out , however there 's lots of random seating around for you to sit , like parks , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place for take out food . love their taiwanese style fish ball with soup and the crispy chicken ! the couple are really nice and food are usually ready in 10 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food at a great price ! food gives a very homey and comforting feeling . owners are also very nice . i also prefer the bbt here over all the major shops in the area . the place is very small but like all north town way businesses , take out only makes sense .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the beef noodle soup and the soup was too light with little flavor . the chef kept on coughing the whole time he was making dishes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there 're only two small tables , so you better grab and go . i tried the popcorn chicken and deep fried squid stick . the taste is fine but the coating is too thick . owner is definitely taiwanese , so i may try the oyster pancake and noodles next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a very small place with only two tables inside . most of the food on the menu will take 5-10 mins to make it . usually i will order take out . the price is cheap and it is a decent place to have your lunch or dinner . i usually order the popcorn chicken , the minced pork rice , the `` sweet chicken rice '' or the `` spicy chicken rice '' . they accept cash or debit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after ordering the food i heard them microwaving something . although i could hear the microwaving sound , i could n't actually see what they were microwaving but regardless that does n't mean good news . minced pork rice ( $ 6.50 ) - this was super salty 3 cup chicken rice ( $ 7.50 ) - this was really salty as well . this dish was not appetizing at all . the chicken was like chopped into small pieces , which was odd because traditionally it 's supposed to be served with chicken bone so the meat is more tender . the chicken meat was dry and did n't have the real 3 cup chicken flavor . the food was horrible . i definitely will not come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small noodle shop below northtown condos . i 've been here twice and both times ordered the beef noodle soup . decent broth with nice noodles but the beef could be more tender . it 's a small place with only one or two small tables so takeout may be a better option . parking may also be an issue as there are only a few paid parking spots available due to the high traffic . overall it 's a good place for a cheap lunch but i did have to wait around 10 to 15 mins each time which is kinda long for a noodle place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after reading all the `` strong '' reviews this was a huge disappointment . ordered a beef noodle soup . nothing to write home about . except that it was effing oily . then ordered a cold chicken noodle . ended up with chicken rice . okay ... i guess it was my mistake for trying to find asian food court type food in north york . i should driven to any food court in scarborough and would have gotten similar food at the same price while getting better quality , quantity , decor and service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very excited to try out this place coz i love taiwanese food and snacks . having just moved back to t.o from beijing , i was happy to see there is a place nearby for my crispy chicken fix . well , to my disappointment , it was the worst crispy chicken i have had . one it was not crisp , two the meat was stale , three the only taste was salty . i do n't know where all the other high rating comes from..but , if you ca n't make crispy chicken right , you ca n't really call yourself a taiwanese place ... just my 2 cents ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was excited to come here after reading all the strong review for this place . i ordered the beef noodle soup for 6.49 . if this review was based on the soup base , then i 'd probably give 5 stars . it was very well done , with great spiciness and flavour . unfortunately the beef was a bit chewy - i was n't expecting much at this price . however , the noodles were clumped together . it 's strange how the soup was done perfectly , but the noodles were not ! i also ordered the green onion pancake for 3.49 . it had no taste , it was just grease - i would skip this for next time . an almond bubble tea for $ 2 extra . it is ok , to be honest , a bit on the gloppy side . i feel bad giving a poor review , but for lunch it was about $ 15 , and it was n't really that satisfying .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is very much a mom and pop kind of shop . they serve taiwanese food . i had the beef noodles and thought it was pretty good . the portion can be a little bigger and have more beef , but for 9.50 taxes included , it 's alright . the flavor in the broth is quite strong . looking at their menu items , they have a very good selection of meals and snacks . i would love to try their crispy chicken next time . orders take a while to fill it seems . not a big deal to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap good taiwanese ( chinese ) food . nice friendly , always happy people working there . only 2 seats to sit at this cramped tiny place . would recommend for takeout only . can call ahead to order for takeout and pickup 10 min later .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owner is quite nice and generous . i like the bubble tea there ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for any taiwanese who live in north york area , this is the place to go for a weekday night easy take-out . it has the traditional food and bubble tea . taste of home . the place is small and only has two tables and four chairs . if two couples go at the same time it would be pretty crowded , so take-out would be the best choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i drove out to both addresses listed for this business . does it not exist ? if it is only an online store , then the website is very misleading .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place may be good but ill never know - good luck finding out yourself . the store phone number directs you to a website that is disconnected . so i thought i will just go off the yelp hours they have listed . nope ! they were not opened . how can you run a shop that no one can figure out when you will be open ? not only that but since the address is on the website you just have to drive in circles to find it . not even labeled well once you get there . poor business skills !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure what the future status is of the store , but it 's no longer open at the main st location . just tried to visit yesterday and it was closed , with no name on the storefront and the inside vacated . according to their website , belly go round is currently online only as they `` are in the process of reopening . '' however , i do n't know when the website was updated , so i 'm not sure if it refers to their move from the southern ave to the main st location , or their current status . if you 're thinking of checking this place out , call or visit the `` location '' tab of their website to see if and where they 've reopened .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what ? they have renovated the women 's changeroom area and added a steam room , hot pool , and cold pool ? the whole space looks way nicer , cleaner , and more zen . the pools are decked out in grey stones and the steam room is so relaxing ... best of all , they have not jacked up the price . it 's still $ 20 for adults . that value for a relaxing and fun experience ca n't be beat , so i 'm bumping this place up to 5 stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing fancy ... $ 20 cash to get in ... . paying any other way ... add the tax 2 small hand towels and your shorts ( with pockets ) and tshirt is given to you . along with a remote key wristband . if you want to shower , go in the steam room , hot or cold tub ... . be prepared to go naked . soap bars and shampoo , hair dryer and hair brush ( did not use ) is provided for you . the lockers are fair size and its according to the # you selected to out your shoes when you first came in . once you walk out ... . its the common area . there is a snack bar serving instant noodles , boiled egg , drinks and sapporo beer and asian ice creams . i saw that board gamrs ban be rented borrowed ... . i dont know . wifi is free ... . its the facilities phone number . plenty of sofa and chairs to lounge 5 dry sauna ranging from 39c to 120c and 1 cold room .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place , we come here often , either after a hard work day or to relax apres ski , it really gets the leg cramps out . patty h. pretty much said it all about the place . i only want to add that those who have never been to korean sauna before be prepared for a very different experience , you do not wear bathing suits , instead you get shorts and a t , people walk naked freely in the changing room and in the shower . korean scrub and massage are not a relaxing experience , the scrub will take layers of you skin off ( it will teach you how to wash properly ) and the massage will bend every muscle in your lifeless body . so ... it 's a little different , be prepared . as for everything else , it 's open 24 7 and yes you can stay for entire 24h , great place to crush after party or just to warm your bones from these winter chills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since experiencing zimzilbang in l.a. , we love it so much that we always check to see if there is one nearby wherever we travel . we were glad to find one in toronto , but sadly , it does n't quite measure up to the ones we 've experienced elsewhere . first , the place looked kind of run down and not well maintained . second , i booked a scrub , i waited where they told me to , and 10 mins later , nobody came for me . i checked with front desk and they seem to totally forget about my appointment , it was another while before my scrub finally started . the check in staff just was n't very friendly . most of the rooms are about 40c or less . it just basically felt like lying uncomfortably on the hard floor when your a c is broken in the summer , really did n't feel any detox or anything going on , so we did n't spend much time in the rooms . there 's only one room where you can actually sweat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it a good place if you 're into sauna and relaxation . you pay a $ 20 entry fee . they provide a towel and a set of clothes for inside the sauna . you can stay as long as you like and use as many saunas and shower services as you like . there 's a big seating area that you can order food and snacks while you 're there and ofcourse you pay for it additionally . in addition , there is also 3 pools , 1 treadmill , 1 exercise bike and an eleptical machine as well as massage room and scrubbing service for those interested . this place is great for all ages , families , single or couples . it 's fun and relaxing . i 'm definitely going back again ! i gave it 4 stars only because i did n't get a chance to checkout everything . i will provide more details on my next review .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "20 $ cash per visit , price includes sauna , suits and towel the dinning room is the biggest room here and i ca n't figure out the point of the huge empty place they have several levels of temperature rooms and each room has some bamboo mats and yoga mats , the mats are dirty and the pillow are made of wood the shower place is the most awkward place i have ever been ! everyone share the same space naked ! the lady work at the food station is rude and the food is bad . outside food and drinks are not allowed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was super excited when this place first opened up and still go from time to time . excellent value $ 20 bucks gets you in with no time frame . take a significant other or friend and gab away comfortably in the 40 degree room , take a break in the ice room , on to the 77 degree room , another ice break , then 10 minutes in the hottest 90 degree room . repeat.now its time to hit up the snack bar for a nice cold beer and some instant noodles . book a body scrub and your skin will thank you leaving you with butter soft baby skin . finish off in the steaming in the hot hot steam room and soak away the winter blues in the hot tub . bring your own towel as you are only given 2 small towels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "isolated place within an industrial area i.e . semi-spooky neighbourhood . clean facility . can be busier and louder on weekend evenings nights . fantastic scrub for $ 40 . great korean sauna experience", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . great value . no real complaints to be honest . they did an excellent job trying to make things understandable with big signs in english . great place to escape to for a couple of hours . just relax . bring the suggested items other people have noted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on a saturday afternoon and it got really busy as the afternoon went on . pros : - helpful lady at the desk - good lockers and storage system - sweet rice drink was very refreshing - lots of sofas in the lounge area cons : - have to pay $ 3 to borrow board games - lower temperature rooms were very small..only 4-5 people can fit - lots of people talking loudly , no respect for other people who are trying to relax in the saunas - sleeping on the bamboo and yoga mats is not very comfortable - you have to be completely naked in the showers ... so if you are n't comfortable with it , you basically can not use their shower , steam room and hot tub facilities ( which are all in the shower room ) - soap bars , shampoo are not the best quality - sofas are old and seats are sunken in it was an interesting experience but i probably wo n't come back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the website looked great ! called to confirm . arrived and paid $ 200 for my wife and i for sauna , massage , and scrub . they took the money than informed me they were renovating the men 's change area . there are no showers . how do you get a scrub down when their is no shower . cancel the massage and only used the sauna . got $ 160 back ! disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a very nice place to hangout with friend in freezing winter . they are not so new , but quite spacious . there are around 7 different kinds of steam room and one ice room there . i would suggest to bring your own towel . their towel do n't look very clean , color all changed . after all , i really enjoy my time there with friends . i will recommend this place to my friends and i will go back again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to take shower and nap after red eye flight to toronto from los angeles . i guess i had high expectation but ... . you only get two small towels and they do n't even provide toothbrush . place seemed dirty and not well taken care of but i guess you do n't have much choice anyway in toronto . i would n't go back . it would be much better to get a motel to take shower and nap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a good place ... liked it . 20 $ per entry is not bad . they have variety of saunas to try which is relaxing . although there was some strange smell in the hall . you have to be completely naked in the spa ... while showering or using the hot tub or steam room . if you are not comfortable being nude in front of other people then this not the place for you . they offer koren scrub ( only male 2 male ) which is good and leaver you skin smooth and silky . overall good experience..will be going back there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time at a korean spa , amazing ! there are several rooms with different temperatures to choose from ranging from 0 to 90c as well as steam and bath rooms . it is a naked shower facility meaning you are required to shower naked . i feel that the people who complain about it do n't understand that cultural part . bathing facilities including spas in most of east asia are fully nude facilities . if you do n't like it you can choose to go to a western style spa . the only thing bringing down the rating is that you 're not allowed to bring food inside but they only serve instant noodles and snacks . it is a bit expensive but worth it if you go to relax and get away for a night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 25 entry . staff is kind , friendly and welcoming . 2 hand towels , t-shirt and shorts . personal electronic dressing room locker . very clean facility , reminds me of my travel to asia specifically to south korea . multiple showers , 1 hot tub no jets . 1 cold tub no jets . 1 steam bath that it unbelievable . a total of 7 co-ed saunas . 1 very very hot and 1 very very cold . lounge area is huge , with leather couches and a mini korean caf\u00e9 . they serve sapporo in king cans ! basically heaven . would definitely recommend to family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came on wednesday afternoon . it 's not busy at all and very quite ! i had body scrub . very satisfied . and i order maki rolls , which is pretty good . when you come , do n't forget to bring your own shampoo , soap , and lotion , coz they wo n't provide that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you guys want to try korean sauna in toronto , you come try it out . there are 5 different temperture rooms so you can enjoy the room as you want . my favorite one is over 100\u00b0room . i like to stay in there 10min and then go to ice room . i absolutely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "date night with husband . love the place . first time here so i was lost just a bit . i quickly got around the place with no problem . i also booked scrub and massage . so relaxing . lady was very skillful . it totally got rid of all my dead skin and relaxed me from a week long stress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very impressed from the sbody scrub to the oriental professional massage it was exactly what i needed ! the masage therapist worked on areas on my back and released deep , seated tension i did'nt know i had ! my skin was left baby soft smooth after the wonderful korean body scrub . i will be going back very soon to enjoy and relax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very clean and the saunas were really good . there 's even those feet stretchers for your feet and mats inside the sauna rooms . would definitely recommend . tip : make sure to bring cash and an extra towel ! my best friend and i got here around 10pm and ended around 1-2am so it was a really good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon here for a microderm service . within the first five minutes , the steamer broke and burned my chest . when i went to check out , not only did they try and push products on me , they hinted i should leave a 25 dollar tip for the 20 minute service . are you kidding me ? i had to ask them to bring me something to put on the burn . are you about great service or asking for money ? what 's the point of a 30 dollar groupon if you 're going to harass me about a tip that costs almost as much ? so very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a groupon for 3 microdermabrasion treatments . the esthetician was very talkative ( i like quiet during my facial treatments ) she went on to tell me all the gossip in the office and how she feels cheated by the dr . there . how he hired her to `` bring up sales '' which she has , but still only gets 13 $ hour ... i could count 3 or more occasions the `` f '' bomb was dropped by her . i feel cheated and still have 1 treatment left . i 've had better treatment at a beauty school . stay far away from this place unless you like to gossip and hear a 20 minute spiel about their specials and how other treatments costing 100 $ or more would benefit me . worst part- the microdermabrasion did nothing for my skin . feel scammed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my second visit for microdermabrasion and i must say they 've been great . the staff is very friendly and knowledgable . the doctor meets with you prior to receiving any med spa treatment to discuss your skin and answer any questions . he makes himself easily accessible to the patients . i would highly recommend this office for any of your skin care needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought the groupon for the 3 microdermbrasion overall it was a really great experience . the esthetician was very welcoming and nice made me feel super comfortable . from what i can tell they have done a lot of recent improvements from the previous reviews", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there a few times using a groupon . i had a chatty person that bashed the other staff members and dr 's . she only wanted to talk about office drama and how under paid she was . my experience was not relaxing to say the least . it was not a good first impression . i later attended an open house which they have a few times a year to offer specials & introduce new products . the food & wine was good too ! i personally spoke with both dr 's . they are super friendly , knowledgeable and very professional . the office has recently made some positive changes including new management . i have recently returned for services and ms chatty is no longer there . my recent experience was a very pleasant one . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nicolette is absolutely amazing she does such good work i have had two ipl photofacials with her and also a microdermabrasion my skin has never looked so good and i owe it all to her i recommend her to everyone ! ! she goes over the procedures and makes you feel very comfortable and the results are incredible ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the technicians were both welcoming and professional . i 'm looking forward to my next appointment . it is worth the drive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this spot ! i went in for a micro and ended up getting a few other things , like great skin products and skin tightening . i notice the difference each treatment . the staff is so nice and knowledgable , it really made me feel comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this agency is great . they have a lot of opportunities for employment . they are informative , prompt and professional . most importantly they do n't leave you hanging . they stay in contact . i recommend this agency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great employment agency ! friendly and helpful staff . they get a good selection of jobs and are very loyal to their workers . you wo n't just be a number , you 'll be treated like an individual !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "previously the volunteer arms the decorators have clearly been at work to make this a more appealing proposition for the fashionable drinkers of leith . managing to stock red bull or any other energy drink would probably have been a better move though . atmosphere-wise there was n't really much going on , considering it was a saturday night , but with 5 ales on draught and a fairly wide range of bottled alcohol available there 's a chance it will improve with time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to be the volunteer arms , which was n't the most salubrious of spots , but it 's definitely smartened up . decent beer selection - a very good whisky selection ( with water taps on the bar ) - and was playing live music on the saturday night we were there . big tvs with football , and a big seating area outside on the walk . a fairly standard pub , but a solid addition to leith walk nonetheless .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am impressed with the quality of sunshine 's work and their commitment to attentive , friendly service . i work in a restaurant and they handle my heavily soiled dress shirts and ties and i have not yet been disappointed . i also appreciate the 10 % discount for pre-paying ... who does n't like to save money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've now used their dry cleaning service several times now and the staff have always been courteous and the prices are reasonable . no issues or concerns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came across this cleaners on a whim because my normal one was closed with no warning on a friday afternoon . instead of bashing them , i 'd rather applaud sunshine . the overall experience was much better than i 'm used to . the guy that waited on me was kind and knew what he was talking about . most importantly , for me , he was quick . i was in and out in just a few minutes . i never have time to waste . when i returned to pick up my clothes , they looked amazing . needless to say , i will not be returning to my old cleaners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just as advertised , clothes were n't wet or dirty after taking a visit to the sunshine dry cleaners ! decided to check out this cleaners when the usual one i go to was closed . it was a great experience . i got three items cleaned : two suit pants and one suit jacket . each item cost about $ 7 . if you prepay for the cleaning then you get a discount as well so it was even less . scheduled to pick up the clothes 3 days later at 5pm . i was on my way out of town so i stopped around 4:30 and the clothes were done . there was no issue picking them up a little early . even got a coupon for the next visit . the women working both days were very friendly and i 'll definitely be using this cleaners from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed ! ! they ruined my coat and all they had to offer is a refund . no thank you ! they lost a customer", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know how they do what they do ! total magic ! ! ! my 2009 mustang had tons of scratches ( curb rash ) and some gouging on all 4 wheels . i wanted to keep the factory look and did not want new wheels . they made my wheels look better than new ! the owner was great and i took my car to the shop instead of the mobile service . i think the mobile service is an awesome option if you live in the service area . they kindly provided a ride to the library to wait the few hours . after close inspection , you can not see where the scratches were ! this is so much better than buying expensive , yet cheaply made , after market wheels . i highly recommend kwicksilver . i also priced a few other places and kwicksilver had the best pricing of any place i checked out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "posted pic as well but yes they did an amazing job for a great price ! ! super happy and great customer service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing ! i recently hit my after market rim on a curb ( husbands car : ) and needed a repair quickly on our pathfinder ! they got me in and out in an hour ! the work they did was great and professional and you ca n't even tell where the scratches were ! i recommend this business to anyone . they 're also affordable and i really appreciated the fact that they did not take advantage of me being female . the price they charged was very fair . nice family owned company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband hit my rim on the crib at dutch bros coffee here in surprise on my brand new 2014 ford edge sport ! he did some pretty bad damage . needless to say i was livid thinking i would have to spend $ 1000 for a new rim when i friend suggested looking for a rim repair shop . so i looked around request a few quotes and came across this place called them up and they got me in in only a few days ! the whole process took about a hour and the price was great ! you wo n't be sorry bringing your rims here ! ! they also powder coat , straighten bent rims , fix chips , and pretty much anything else that has to do with rims . you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car to the dealership to have them look at some shaking my car had between certain speeds . they dealership told me all 4 rims on my car were bent , but they were in good enough shape to be fixed and quoted me $ 1000 to fix all 4 . i decided to look around for places that fixed bent rims and found this place on yelp . i spoke with aaron and he quoted me less than half what the dealership quoted me . he said i could bring my car in anytime and would take about a day to do all the work . i dropped my car off this morning and by noon he called and told me it was ready , a lot quicker than he anticipated . now my car drives without the shaking and he even gave me a little break since i had all 4 rims done . they did a fantastic job and would highly recommend them for anyone that has a bent rim that is fixable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are artist 's , do n't waist your money and buy a new wheel , because they can fix pretty much anything and make it look damn near perfect . this is a company with integrity !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! ! got my rims powder coated for a great price and they were done in under 2 days ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this company for any wheel related issues you have . they are honest , knowledgeable and extremely affordable . aaron and barry explained my options and barry kept me updated throughout the process and was a pleasure to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought aaron two hyundai genesis rims that were badly damaged and were missing pieces of the rim on the edge . they were able to make them look better than new and did so in less than 24 hours . this place is the real deal and has earned my business as a repeat customer . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron really helped us out when we were in a bind . he was able to find the problem and get it fixed quickly and it was very affordable ! not only did he fix our wheel but he went the extra mile to make sure we had it done that day . if we ever have any wheel or tire problems again we will for sure go back to these guys ! they were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this probably sounds nuts , but i drove from california to have my wheels powder coated . not completely out of the way . my mom lives in scottsdale so i combined wheel work with a visit . back home they wanted much more to paint the wheels . express did an outstanding job on my wheels . ca n't say enough good things about the company and the staff . thanks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best of the best ! ! ! alex and the guys there in glendale are simply amazing . besides the fact that they work directly with tesla , i brought my model s to satin black my rims . they came out perfect.seven years warranty and for any further scratches he simply told me : '' come back , we 'll fix for free ! ! `` friendly , diligent and perfect delivery time.great price ! do yourself a favor : do n't waste any time google around , just go there , you will never regret ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently hit a curb and got curb rash on one of my chrome wheels that are on my buick regal gs . i also had some scratches on another wheel that were there when i bought the car . i want my wheels to be perfect but did not want to pay for 1 or 2 brand new wheels for my car . i read the reviews for kwicksilver and liked what i read . i got in to them within a couple of days and after fixing both of the wheels on my car , i can not see any of the previous damage . the wheels look brand new and i was out of there in less than 2 hours . aaron and all the staff were very nice and i am more then happy with the job they did ! ! ! ! ! would highly recommend kwicksilver to anyone needing work on their wheels ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed some help with fixing a chip in the coating on my wheels , after the manufacturer deemed it s rock chip and not a defect . i spent a good month trying to track down the correct paint for the level 8 mk6 light bronze wheels . and these guys had it . they shipped me more than enough to fix it . i take a lot of pride in my truck and i 'm glad this had been fixed . i highly recommend using this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was undecided whether to get my wheels painted or powder coated . i contacted aaron via email and received a response within a reasonable time . i decided to walk in and was approached by an older gentleman . he gave me all the information i needed in order to refinish my wheels . i felt hopeless because my wheels had tons of curb rash , and damage throughout . i then proceeded to choosing the color and gave a description of what i was looking for , and sure enough they knew exactly what i had in mind ( graphite charcoal ) . i could n't be happier with their amazing work , i was glad i gave them a try because they changed the appearance of my car and provided awesome customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about these guys . i first emailed with aaron , they had no problem accepting rims from ebay and tires shipped to their shop . when i went in to tell them what i wanted , i spoke with barry . he took a look at the rims and we decided a complete powdercoat in the hyper silver was the best way to go . a week later , they are mounted , beautiful and make a huge difference in the way the car looks and drives , all for less than i expected to pay ! these guys live and breathe rims - use them if you need a cleanup or a makeover ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality people with even higher quality work ! if you need anything wheel related , they can do it . thanks guys - tremendous value !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barry was very helpful to diagnose my tire repair issue . i had a rim leak and barry provided exactly the right solution . i brought my car into the shop . express wheel repair immediately took the tire off the car . within a very short time , i got a call saying the tire is fixed and ready for pick up . wow was the response by my wife and me ! they really are quick and deserve the name of express . they work very hard to be express and do a great job . reasonable rates for repairs and work . i knew immediately when i came to the shop - express wheel repair & powder coating is the real deal . friendly and expertise work at a fair price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron the shop owner is great . i took in some wheels that i wanted refurbished and powder coated on a vehicle i had recently purchased . the communication was great , dealt mostly through email , which was awesome because i work all day , also communicated through text which is super convenient . so i dropped the car off and later on in the day i get a text from aaron saying that one of the wheels is bent and beyond repair . he said he did n't want to continue with the powder coat in good faith with a bent wheel . really awesome that he was honest enough to let me know rather just continuing with the job and me not knowing anything about it and drive around with a bent wheel . they put the tires back on balanced them and sent me on my way free of charge ! great customer service , i will definitely be coming back when i need another set of wheels done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being the first time in my life ever to go to a club like this i was actually pleasantly surprised . in fact if you 're not paying much attention like i was you would n't even notice and think it were just any other lounge . i came here with a few others who 've been to clubs like this before and tell me this one is definitely one of the nicer classier joints . i would n't know the difference . the server was incredibly nice here and was even discouraging us from ordering some of the pricier `` bad value '' drinks . the ladies are certainly beautiful here and i have to attribute the atmosphere and all the employees here from doormen to servers to entertainers for giving me a new perspective on the whole exotic dancer thing . the prices for everything here are astoundingly cheap from what i hear .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there on a saturday night . most of the girls just stood on the stage and didn`t dance . they had stone faces and looked indifferent . 90 % of girls have bad cellulite . we spent about 3 hours there , we were in front of the stage , not one girl came over to us and we are a good looking couple . the waitress ignored us all the time , she somehow brought drinks to everybody who came after us . it took forever to get our drinks , which were also not tasty . she would forget to bring water even after several reminders , she was not very pleasant in general . bottom line : bad service , bad drinks , bad music , bad dancers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is place without contact . why even to go to place without contact in montreal ? unless you do n't have money for contact dance & you will look at undressing girls ordered by the other client .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 $ cover charge and 10 $ dances . considering low entry fees , def . in the top 3 in montreal . classy atmosphere with friendly staff . girls are more educated and open to casual discussion . it is no contact but in my opinion , that 's what makes it a classier gentleman 's club .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the honestly the worst stripclub i have ever attended . i am from new york city and have been to my share of stripclubs in vegas and nyc . this club has one tiny stage and a bunch of fake leater sofas some of which actually had tears in them . the vodka club soda was ridiculously watered down both times my friend ordered it and they were over $ 10 each . we saw 4 girls dance on stage and i dont think i saw one actual dance move . i saw two guys getting lapdances and i dont think i saw one grind move the whole time , it was boring and pathetic . i will put a disclaimer saying that this was on a tuesday night so i am sure this wasnt the best they can do but it was a horrible impression .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 10 is insanely cheap for a lap dance . they let me sleep at the table without bothering me . i think my friends bought me a lap dance but i ca n't remember since i was sleeping .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful women , good music and very good atmosphere . came here for my bachelor party and decided to get some drinks since my friend was buying . they are very very very pushy on drinks . they come around every 5 minutes asking if you want drinks . i guess that 's what you get for getting a prime seat . i guess because we did n't want any table dances we had to keep buying drinks . the drinks are way overpriced . for a small water it 's 7,50 canadian which is ridiculous . the cover charge is only 5 $ so i guess that 's what happens .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible . boring . rip off girls that try to overcharge you . beware if you want 1 song from them . they 'll charge you 3 . i refused to pay since i 'm not one to get ripped off , and i was actually assaulted by the one girl since i stood up for myself . go elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not much to say about this place . it 's classy , a lot of attractive women . not pushy with the dances at all . just pace yourself while you are there because again wall to wall loveliness . they are not opened on sunday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start by saying that i am from miami and a strip club aficionado . we were here about 2 hours only one girl used the pole , the rest thought it was part of the decor . aside from that most of the girls were good looking and at 10 a dance how can you go wrong . there was 5 dollar charge per person entrance and the drinks were certainly watered down . would recommend it for couples , it did not have that stadium atmosphere it was lounge cabaret style strip club .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was recommended this place by a friend , needless to say , i love it . it 's close to where i work so i plan to eat brunch there at least once week from now on . the coffee is superb , the decor is adorable and the service is great . you do n't have to be vegan or veg , the veg meat is just as tasty and they use free-range eggs . everything i 've had here so far as been nothing but delicious and quick to come to the table . it 's definitely a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the classics of breakfast available in vegetarian vegan form - what 's not to love ? ! sadie 's diner is a bit of a trek for me but it 's well worth the effort . the decor is a bit dingy eclectic and you might find bits of sand on your seat but embrace it and you 'll be just fine . someone on here said they found the portion sizes too small but i thought they were very big ! my fiance and i shared the breakfast burrito , which was more than enough for the both of us . the coffees also come in gigantic mugs and the waitress was good with refills . definitely check this place out if you 're in the downtown area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to sadie 's for the food , great service and wonderful atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food - great value - friendly staff - cool music . worth the trip slightly off the beaten track . try the chili .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sadie 's is a hidden downtown gem with the most awesome display of vintage pez dispensers . very cute ! it 's a perfect lunch spot if you 're looking for something low key and casual . i 've recently come back from living in california for seven months so when somebody brings up going for burritos here to me i ca n't help but feel like a bratty , snob about it . my friend really wanted me to try it so we had split a massive vegetarian burrito . the waitress was kind enough to serve it on two separate dishes with a side of greens . it was n't bad ! i would probably order it again if i 'm in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place had been recommended to me by so many friends- specifically my vegan buddies . i went in august and was underwhelmed by the whole experience . the decor is kitschy and cute , the location is set away from the busier parts of the city , but i felt unwanted there . it was a weekend brunch rush , so i understand that we had to wait- that 's cool , really ! ! but no one there would make eye contact with me , service took forever once we were seated , and someone behind the counter legitimately stink-eyed me ! the food was so-so ; i got a big plate of breakfast vegan yumyums and they were just ok . i 'd come back to see if they happened to be having a bad day when i visited . dine only if you have high self-esteem .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for dinner as a group of 4 a while ago and we each ordered a dish and shared . fab ! ordered a green smoothie ( no longer on the menu ? ) as well and that tasted great . sat in the back on a picnic table - that was fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the food , but not so much about the service . some are great , some do n't even come back to see if you need anything else and just stand there when there might not even be many customers . i 've served through school - check on your customers . also the huevos rancheros is just not that great anymore . the tofu chunks are n't blended enough - so it taste really bland . the tofu ca n't pick up the sauce spices because the chunks are too big .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing vegan comfort food and good service : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went at 1 in the afternoon on a sunday planning on having something from their all day breakfast , there was only one other table in there , so they were n't busy . i do n't eat processed fake meats , which the menu is pretty much made up of . they had fruit bowl option , which i ordered & it was really nice , but i also asked for 2 poached eggs ... they serve eggs with many items on the menu . they would n't let me order eggs as a side , even though i did n't want toast & fake bacon & all that . they place orders by old fashioned slip of paper , so i do n't see how it would have been so difficult to give me what i wanted . also , they have a serious mold problem . you can see black mold all over the bathrooms & there is a not good smell in the back part of the restaurant , i think their plumbing could use some attention . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst customer service ever i got . i love m.a.c product ... but i hate this location ... i wo n't come back ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i gave this one star because yelp would n't let me post my review without rating this hotel . my boyfriend and i recently drove cross country . we drove from jacksonville , fl to los angeles , ca . we picked 7 cities to stop in while driving . phoenix was one of the cities we stopped in . this hotel was the worst hotel we stayed in . the area seemed very sketchy . when we checked in we saw signed saying that the area was patrolled by phoenix police . when we went to take our stuff to a room , we noticed some sketchy people hanging around . the door to where the ice machine was locked and we had to use our key to get in there . i am glad we only stayed one night here . if i ever come to phoenix to visit i will not be staying here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes , i 'm thankful for having somewhere to sleep but this place is just disgusting . room smells like a dog pissed all over the place and was told it was a `` non-smoking '' room only to be hit in the face by a giant cloud of nicotine and filth . floors stained like as if drinks were spilt or something someone pissed on it . beddings have cigarette burns . bathroom looks like it had never been cleaned , ever . outside smells 10 times better than my room did . got into the motel late at night and was sleeping fine until some random woman starts screaming bloody murder in the middle of the night like someone was trying to kill her . this place used to look safe from a distance but now that i 've stayed here it looks shady as hell . i do n't recommend this place , i would rather just spend the extra money at a sheraton .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please keep in mind that this is a cheap hotel ! people always talk crap about cheap hotels and it pisses me off . yes the hotel is not the best but you get what you pay for . anyhow , we arrived after midnight on a sold out weekend and were happy to see our reservation was held . the rooms were large and clean and that is all you can ask for from a place like this . easy access to the freeway was nice as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean room , basic , no frills , nice pool & spa , friendly staff , no extra incidental deposit , hard to get to the 1st time ( enter from k-mart parking lot ) . i 'd stay here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the good : staff was accomidating . ac worked well . the rest : room looked `` cleaned '' . we were already unpacked and tired when we really noticed the state of the room . i wiped down the surfaces with a washcloth and was discusted at what was picked up . my wife climed into bed and found that the sheets were dirty . the phone did n't work so i had to walk back to the front desk . got new sheets & towels . maintenance replaced the phone . the next morning , we found that the water temperature would n't stay steady . the tub floor was stained . could n't get out of the there fast enough . the entire place needs a thourough cleaning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is n't even a one star hotel my option of 0 stars was not there the non-smoking room reeked so bad of cigarettes and deodorant it was intolerable to sit in the room people sitting out in the parking lots of room doors open people living there they take a copy of your drivers license and an imprint of your credit card when we said we wanted our money back they did gladly return it but wanted to keep our drivers license on file we insisted that they shred it they finally did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to warn anyone considering staying at this motel , that they have bed bugs ! ! i spent one night there , the next day i noticed several hive like bites on my skin . throughout the evening the bites continued to swell . concerned , i went to the er . the doctor informed me that i had been bitten by bed bugs and was having an allergic reaction . i wanted to let people know about this hotels infestation so that nobody else has that experience ! ! i travel frequently and this was a first ! if your looking to save a little $ there are plenty of hotels on the area comparable in price without bed bugs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place if your looking for a tweaker , or a hooker , room was dirty non smoking room smelled of smoke . guess you get what you pay for right", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last minute booking just for a place to sleep tonight ... . horrible customer service at the front desk . clerk gave us smoking when we requested nonsmoking . i also blame expedia for not providing an explanation of `` standard room '' or giving the customers an option for nonsmoking when booking on their app . clerk would not let us get a nonsmoking room until we called expedia rep to `` request '' for nonsmoking room . ridiculous . after finally getting our `` nonsmoking '' room , i inspected the room and found cigarette burns , stained chair cushions and dried stains on the face towels . we had to turn on the ac and spray some febreeze to get rid of some lingering smoke smell . never again will we book with any hotel unless nonsmoking is explicitly specified nor will we ever stay at this particular super 8 again . i 've stayed at other super 8 before and it was n't like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst place i ever stayed . dirty , no towels , no phone cords so phone did n't work , no remote controls ... ..and no attempt by staff to get them . second night the room was not cleaned and no towels . room next to us had items stolen and they came back to a tv on and someone else 's clothes on the bed . never stay here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got my coat ! on the two week mark , when i had n't heard back from the store about my pending order , i called them and found out my coat was there since last week . it seems the girl who took down the order managed to mess up my name and phone number . i went in that same day and tried on the jacket . it seems as though i was still a little too bootyliscious for the last button not to pull across my hips . the cashier told me that they could move the button over just slightly to accommodate me ( and my junk ! ) ten minutes late it was done and i was told that i could select a scarf from their rack as an apology for messing up my number .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i bought the `` water resistant '' raincoat they were using in their ads , it looks like a trench coat and is very nice looking , with a slight ruffle down the front . it conveniently folds into a little bag that looks like a purse . i have never been so disappointed with a coat - and i paid about $ 200 for it , which is much more than i usually spend on a coat . the salesperson in the store poured water on it to show its water resistance . the first time i went out in the rain without an umbrella , i got soaked ! all the water came in through the seams in the shoulders and i was freezing . i would not recommend this coat unless you only want it for looks . in no way should you consider it a `` raincoat '' ! i wish i had returned it . i will probably never shop at lorne 's again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have bought two coats from lorne 's , a long navy winter wool top coat and a summer spring rain slicker type of coat . the former was pricey but good quality and made in canada as an in house brand . the latter is another brand , probably made in china . ( it was considerably less money ) . both have worked well for me . the buying experience was pleasant ; i like going to stores that do just one thing and do it well . i will eventually return to replace my current parka . ( and as commented above , yes , the interior is quite basic and stores like the bay might provide more ambiance but the cost is passed on to the customer )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a high quality coat of any kind , it 's here . a knowledgable staff put me in a new winter coat on the first try . a coat that is very me and i hope to wear for years to come ! added bonus ? made in canada ! pricey , but worth it . a coat is a style statement as well as providing a function and should last seasons . one stop shop for any dress pea trench puffy rain over coat men 's or women 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you want selection ? you 'll find a huge selection her of well made jackets . this is n't a place where you 'll find a 'deal ' , as you 're paying for a quality . lots of pea coats , trenches ... selection is incredible !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful experience . if they offer to make alterations to a non-purchased coat for a `` fully refundable deposit '' , dont say yes . it 's a very shady and manipulative sales tactic that they hope will result in forfeiture of the deposit or a sale based on guilt . not a sustainable business strategy . in my case , i had to fight with the owner to get the deposit back . they were incredibly rude . i 've actually never had an experience this bad before .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found a very good selection of coats and the staff was also very helpful with their suggestions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sells cole haan , soia kyo , london fog , rudsak , michael kors , with somewhat good selection . i wold say worth checking out . was bigger then expected than some hole in the wall . men and women 's", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2 years ago i would have given this place 3 stars . i can not say enough how disappointed i was upon returning to vegas and finding my beloved sahara buffet going down in flames . the selection was below mediocre . the desserts were qute dry and no where near as bountiful as before . i know times are hard but it 's insulting to provide this food to people and let them think it 's how it should be . and get this ! ! ! you 're gon na love this ! they do n't even do breakfast anymore . what the ... ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the buffet at sahara ... mixed feelings here . when someones mentions the idea of going here , i groan ... but i still go , and return over and over again . it 's hard to explain but as i think about the mediocre food i eat here , i also think about the small monetary price i pay . it 's $ 12.99 or $ 6.99 if you have a player 's card ... it has the basic food here ... when they have fried chicken , i love it ! those fancy buffets never have it ! the carving station is decent ... they have lots of salad options and fruit ... lots of dessert choices too . the self-serve drink station is also nice ... some other buffets make you order a drink through a waiter ... that takes forever . and what if i want soda , then fruit juice then milk with a piece of chocolate cake ? i can do all of that here ! sahara buffet has denny 's quality food i 'd say ... but if on a budget and craving a buffet , it 's more than reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wo n't go into a lot fo detail . all the people who gave this 1-star are a bunch of whiners . for $ 6.99 , it got the job done . and i was there late , around 9:45 . line is a mile long , so go early . pizza was terrible . fine . everything else was okay . like i said , for $ 6.99 it was good enough . better than the $ 25 we spent at harrah 's cafe . so this place gets 4-stars , taking into account the quality and price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the sahara ... absolutely love it , but this place is gross . go here if you are really fat and you miss high school cafeteria food and someone gave you a free voucher .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really love this buffet because you can get your own drinks - milk , coffee , juice , etc . very good food . the selections are not so abundant , but very tasty food and a great salad bar . large dining room . the lighting could be a little better , but very comfortable buffet where you never feel rushed . lots of floor space so you 're not bumping into other people . very nice with friendly staff ; the kind of buffet where you want to walk around and just ponder what you want next . maybe the best casino buffet on the north strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this buffet looks like it probably originated in the 1960 's or early 70 's . just straight shot serving lines for the masses . no ambiance or even a remotely pleasant environment in which to enjoy a meal . there are no servers . everything , including all your beverages , is self service in old , plastic plates and cups . we visited one time for breakfast . the only thing i would consider decent was the omelette that was freshly prepared for me . everyting on the buffet appeared as though it had been under the heat lamps since the beginning of time . limp , soggy bacon , thin gravy , and watery scrambled eggs . we could have enjoyed a much better breakfast in a coffee shop somewhere for less than the $ 10.99 for this buffet . we wo n't be returning again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't remember why on earth we ended up going here , but in my opinion , we might as well have eaten at denny 's . being a semi-vege , oh who am i kidding , i had all sorts of food when i was in vegas ( and did n't gain a pound ) . my husband was like `` i just want to go to a buffet '' . i was like , okay . simple request . i should have agreed and went , but not eat anything . at least not here . my idea of buffet is sweet tomatoes . i ended up having a brunch of : salad with sunflower seeds and balsamic vinegar , a piece of chuck.e.cheese-style pizza , oatmeal and half a banana . i 'm not kidding . i am a food snob , but i 'd rather eat at in-and-out then ever go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once again , you get what you pay for . i do n't how some people gave this place 4 or 5 stars ? ? ? just fork over a few more dollars and head to a buffet on the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got ta say , i expected more ... food was n't hot or cold , just kinda warm . did n't please me or hubby or the kids ( 3 teens ) i will give them perks for the prime rib , it was pretty good , and pretty much all that was on offer . the lucky 7 @ the plaza is sooo much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow . this buffet was well ... nothing special . the food was bland - really lacking flavor . the dessert selection was lacking - at least they had the ice cream machine . the service - well , the lady cleaning the table and taking our used plates was really nice . but everything else is self serve . my friend and i were staying in the hotel because it was cheap and well , the buffet was definitely on the cheap side . even the buffets at primm ( stateline ) are much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even free it is bad ! ( i had a free tkt ) nothing fresh tasting . i like salads , veggies..desserts -and a foody-not too picky . everything tastes wierd-like stored in old soiled tennis shoe or mixed w cow hides ? do they keep items for wks ? the puddings watered down , slimy ( old ) salads , scallpped potatoes yuk , chinese food awful . how can they mess up pizza ? the crust had stale cowhide dogfd taste ! afraid to eat the meat . the froz vanilla yogurt had a strange coconut taste-not fresh . only good-coffee , 1-2 deserts ( but cheap heavy tasting ) , roll , fresh apples , bananas . couldnt believe ple hoarding all this bad stuff ? ! best spend $ 10- $ 15 more elsewhere for quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i only ate here once and it 'll probably be my only and last visit there . i definitely got what i paid for with my $ 7.99 ( when you sign up for a player 's card ) . that 's really the main draw to this buffet as it is one of the cheapest on the strip , which is why i 'm giving it 2 stars . you do get what you pay for though as the quality of the food is really subpar compared to the likes of the wynn and the rio or even an average buffet like flavors at harrah 's . i do wish this buffet well as it does give you a taste of old school vegas when buffets were $ 5 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finding this place is n't he easiest place to find . we were walking and walking just to find that this place had an arcade . we paid and sat anywhere we wanted , one lady took our cash and another lady just stood there telling us we could sit anywhere we wanted . the food was pretty good and even had a section for beer and wine , was n't sure if that was included . the sushi was made for looks and not for flavor . there was this black guy working the ham and roast beef station , complete ass . asked him for a second slice of beef and after giving me a dirty look , he chops off a chunk and literally tosses it on my plate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "greatest prices for buffet on the strip and the food is not bad either ... comparable to a place that charges you twice as much . well i came here one time with coupons and it was an easter brunch so maybe they stepped it up with the food quality but i got no complaints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never ever again ! we got a coupon book advertising the $ 6.99 buffet but were rudely told that the offer is onlty good during the week and we needed to pay $ 12.99 for breakfast buffet ! i tried to kindly reason that `` well your coupon does n't specifiy that information , so you should honor what you advertise '' but no luck it was either $ 12.99 or take the long monorail back to someother crappy food establishment . food was incredibly plain and or wierd - no fancy breakfast buffet items that would expect like pancakes or muffins . it looked like they just used week old fruit and reheated or fried items from previous lunch or dinner buffets . the decor was old , seating uncomfortable and just plain ghetto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this buffet . the food is good , and for the buffet being on the strip its reasonable with the players club card . its not really a walk unless your lazy . you get your own drinks which is awesome . the spread and desserts are good . while your there , go on a rollercoaster ride .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worst buffet i have ever had . i ca n't begin to say how truly bad this was . if it were possible to give zero stars , i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh my god . this was so gross . buffets in general , gross . this buffet took it too a whole new level . dont dont dont eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food tasted like it came out of the freezer and reheated . poke the egg rolls and it does n't bounce back . not good for even with club card discount to price $ 9 ( $ 15 w o card ) . heard it was closing next month . one bright star for the okay staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me start by saying if joe rogan needs to do another fear factor show he should look no farther than this joint . i think i ate the same pancakes as frank sinatra and sammy davis jr did back in 1952 and im not joking . i dont think i could feed this trash to the wolves . the price is pretty cheap but a stomach pump is not . just my two cents .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this buffet was free for me since me and my family did that gay tahiti village thing . worst buffet ive ever been to . me and my dad new this was going to suck once we found out the price . 6.99 ? are you kidding me ? the only good thing was the fish and the prime rib was alright . but please skip this place unless your staying here . if your on the strip , like i was and had to hop on the deuce like me . then skip it . not worth it . go to chipolte . good burritos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the worst . i have been here 3 times ( because i stayed at this s-hole hotel ) . 2 times i was drunk . really drunk . now when i 'm hammered anything tastes good ( even jack in the box ) i could n't believe my disappointment . they should have called it ( the tv dinner buffet ) bathrooms are conveniently located 2500 feet away outside of the buffet . avoid at all costs . even if your drunk order a pizza or go to kfc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i understand that you get what you pay for whether it $ 12.99 or $ 6.99 but i was throughly upset with the food quality . they had a great selection of processed everything ! great for the young , non-caring , drunk-as-fuck type but my day sucked because i felt like crap after digesting that food . if you 're going to vegas and this is the best you can do ... just stay home !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eh ... .so it 's not the best quality . but hell , if you want a cheap meal and you 're staying there , just go for it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i dunno , there 's not a lot of distinction between the buffets in vegas , there are crappy ones and good ones . it 's buffet for fuck sake . i liked the sahara though , nice selection of hot and tasty options . also we won some money so the casino already gave me a good vibe . not much could have upset me at that point , not even a bad buffet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 're determined to do every cliche in vegas , and now we cross the big buffet off the list . falling in love with a hooker , and drinking yourself to death remain . this place has four lanes of excess to choose from , multiple carving stations , frogurt , yogurt , cake , free softdrink refills , etc etc . why is there no beer here , damn it ? getting trashed in vegas is becoming surprisingly hard when you 're doing all the stuff that has to be done here . next stop is the amazing jonathan show , which was pretty funny . if i can `` blow '' one of the jokes , is when his assistant appears claiming to have won tickets to the blue men show and comes out with the blue markings all round her mouth . a very coarse show and funny .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so the night we got to vegas , we went to this buffet at the suggestion of a friend . we had to sign up for those programs rewards card in order to get into the buffet for $ 6.99 . it had to be the worst buffet i 've ever been to . it was . still lent so i could n't have any meat . i guess that kinda helped , cause the mystery meat looked nasty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . just like the desert , : nothing much there . luckily we signed up for the card and paid $ 6.99 a person but even for that price the food was horrendous . half the buffet food area was closed and the food was bland and unappitizing . carving station either served the meat too raw or overcooked . manager there was pretty rude too . only come if you just want a cheap and quick meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was sooooo disappointed by this buffet ! the food was horrible . everything tasted like it had been frozen and then placed in the microwave ! i mean seriously people ... how can you mess up pizza ? ? horrible , horrible , horrible ! the decor is depressing as well . it 's super dim . i felt like i was going to see my grandma and her buddies at the next table . definitely not a hip place . forget about the service . no one ever came to take our dirty plates . the one saving grace would be that you can prepare your own drinks and the meatloaf and mashed potatoes and gravy . everything else about this place majorly sucked .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not much to really say here . the food was very overpriced and the eatery had kind of a luby 's cafeteria atmosphere to it . i ca n't think of one food item that really stuck out as either bad or good - it was just all pretty bad overall . i have n't been back on subsequent trips to vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i guess the saying 'you get what you pay for ' is true for this particular buffet . i 've experienced much better . i wo n't ever come back because there are much better buffets around the strip . sorry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not too bad . buffet is huge , but cuisine is nothing too elaborate . prime rib , pizza , mexican ... as any buffet on a friday night would be , it was jam packed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service and food is alot better at your local hometown buffet then the sahara buffet . besides the food , the funniest thing about this buffet is the sign at the front of the line limiting your buffet `` experience '' to only 2 hours . if you can survive 2 hours at this place , you deserve a prize .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hmm . i did n't find it as deadly as steven g. but it was n't anything that i would ever talk about . they had a lot to choose from . nothing really stood out . accept for the pink flamingo 's out by the pool . but they were n't on the menu !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is to remind me not to go to this buffet again . i think its about $ 15 for dinner , but i 'd rather pay double for a good buffet than eat sucky food . there was n't great selection of foods , and most of the food did n't taste very good . they had prime rib , but the server was a damn cheapskate . several times , he cut me the cooked edge of the slab of meat . when i asked for something more medium rare , he cut me some tiny wedge . i was pretty pissed off . it was as if he was intentionally giving me the worst parts of the slab of prime rib , but then i watched and saw some other people get mediocre slices also . a few lucky folks got slices where a normal buffet would give you what you expect in a slice of prime rib . this buffet blows . i think maybe 3-4 years ago i though it was pretty decent for the price , but it really sucks now . even mcd 's would be better than this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheap special price with player 's card . went with a group of friends for dinner after we ate at another buffet for breakfast and we were not really that hungry or willing to spend a lot of money on food at another buffet or sit down restaurant . the food was filling . there was something for each of us to eat . it was cheap and we were not expecting anything overly exciting . service was decent as with all of the food . no real complaints here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently attended a few of charles ' workshops and i have to say it was a great experience . i really feel i gained a greater knowledge of photography as a whole . he helped me learn about the equipment that is important as well as composition and editing . i have a greater understanding of portrait and wedding photography as i have been very narrow minded as to what i shoot . i have since looked at photography with a new prospective and i feel his workshop really helped me advance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had purchased a living social deal for a one on one workshop and it was far beyond my expectations ! charles was fun to work with , knowledgeable , made everything easy to understand and really helped me push my creative and technical limits . i ca n't wait to take the other workshops he has to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charles siritho shot our engagement pictures in beautiful sedona , az . and did a fantastic job . he is a very talented photographer and videographer , and would highly recommend him to anyone looking to hire someone for high quality work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charles took our daily pictures recently and i am amazed at the results . he know that photography is one of my evolving hobbies and he spent a lot of time explaining all the technical aspects of the lighting and posing . i hope to be able to use him again in the future and would gladly send anyone his way for great portraits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so why does yelp filter my reviews ? ? ? i am a yelper ... had reviewed nearly 100 places ... and i had a great experience with this company on sunday and they `` filter '' my review ... wth ? ? ? here it is again ... my wife purchased a living social offer for a photo shoot- and i was blown away on what a great job that charles and his team did with our photo shoot . he made me and my family feel great ... and was fantastic with my kids ! my wife first met charles when she purchased a different daily deal offer for one of his work shops . i would highly recommend his services to anyone . great job and many thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently used a way home moving for a second time . justin , heather , and their team did an excellent job accomplishing my request : moving two apartments into one . i was amazed that they fit two , one bedroom apartments , into their 16 ' truck - with both speed and care . while unloading , there was an ominous thunder clap and the guys worked feverishly to get everything inside ( everything made it inside before the raindrops started falling ) . i 've recommended a way home moving to everyone who asks ( & some who do n't ) - make your next move much less stressful by calling them . you wo n't regret it . two moves with them - nothing broken or damaged . excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i ca n't say enough good things about this company . their response time is amazing . justin and heather made me feel at ease about a very stressful and emotional move . justin and his team worked very hard and efficiently . they were even kind enough to help make my two-year-old feel like he was helping . i hope i never have to move again but if i do i will be calling a way home again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has got to be the worst moving company is wi . i seriously do n't understand how they have been in business as long as they have been . my advice find any other mover before selecting them . if by some chance you go with this company make sure you get a quote before hand in writing with what the job will consist of because they are really shady people . when i tried to communicate my concerns with the `` owner '' she said she could n't do anything about the situation which completely baffles me because you would think customer service was a priority ( it obviously is n't ) . at the end of the day i paid them $ 500 for a single item move ! stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my personal experience with capital cartage was very negative . after reviewing https : www.protectyourmove.gov i have come to learn that many of the things that occurred are flags for mover fraud . they would n't provide a binding or non-binding estimate and any discussion with the owner became hostile with the end result being no further clarification on charges . they did n't properly protect our items and insisted they had even though as they pulled them out they were not protected . they have a previous complaint in the http : nccdb.fmcsa.dot.gov homepage.asp and if people were aware of how to file , i believe there would be more our there . they are listed as capital moving & storage , inc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i could give them zero stars . my sister had an absolutely horrible experience with this moving company . gave a verbal quote over the phone then charged over double for the moving cost . the movers loaded the truck and then proceeded to charge extra money to unpack the truck because it was packed inappropriately-this is ridiculous because the movers packed the truck in the first place ! do not frequent this business as they do not honor their word and try to scam you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had such a great experience with my move this morning . jesten and matt showed up right on time ( bright and early ! ) and took great care with my items . they were efficient , friendly , and introduced themselves at my door with a smile ! one item they moved was a 1920s stove covered in porcelain enamel that had been stored in my new car , so i was worried about dings or scratches to both the car and stove , but they executed the move flawlessly and professionally . they finished with some time to spare , so they even went the extra mile by helping me figure out how to put the legs back onto my stove and ensuring the screws were safely tightened . payment was quick and easy , and the price remained the same as when i had called for a quote -- no surprises : ) i 'll be calling these guys first next time i have huge things to haul .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lg and matt were great . they were professional , efficient , kind , and personable . they took great care of my things and helped to get things set up in my new apartment . they made a difficult task look easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently used capital cartage for an inner city move and they did not disappoint . the guys showed up on time and ready to work . they were professional , polite and efficient . they were great about putting down a runner to save my carpets . absolutely worth the money ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible experience with capital cartage . when i called to ask for an estimate i met with mary , an extremely rude person who disparaged other vendors , told me i should have called sooner , and bullied her way into scheduling an appointment citing she was too busy to spend a few minutes on the phone with me . mary also told me shipping boxes for flat screen tvs would be $ 170 or more per tv ( $ 35 with other suppliers ) , and cited they would charge a minimum of $ 200 hour for 5-6 hours with zero understanding of what items i wanted them to move . mary was too busy complaining , interrupting and telling me she had to get back to work . i was so turned off by capital cartage 's bully behavior , i reached out to another vendor and was pleasantly surprised at their organization and pricing estimates . my suggestion : run the other direction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just wanted to pass on my thanks to you and your team of great employees . the move went super well and rich and lg were fantastic guys to work with . i have moved a lot , and those two were the best i have ever seen . professional , great attitude , friendly , and not rushed in their pace of work . i would highly recommend this company", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used capital cartage for our recent move . mary came in person to our home to give us an estimate , and in the end it was close to our final bill . our movers rich , randy , and wardell arrived on time and were very efficient ! i ca n't believe they fit the contents of our home into the truck , but randy carefully packed everything like a puzzle inside the truck . nothing was damaged during our move . we would definitely recommend their company if moving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cracked up from the time he came out until he left . very funny show ! all seats are good seats . his jokes may offend some , but if they do it 's because you feel guilty lol ! my husband and i talked about it after we left and we could n't stop laughing . he talked about many different things . race , religion , sexual orientation , the mob , everyday experiences , the man that kept getting up to pee , etc . if you 're easily offended , do n't go ! save the seat for someone who has an open mind and is ready to laugh ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally racist , total idiot , total drunk , total crack head . he is a effin joke not funny just a friggin racist hood rat . paid 90 $ to c this piece of shit just ruined it for all the other comics i thought i liked , my wife and i walked out what a dog and pony show at rio in vegas save your money do n't see this clown , fake ass mother fucker", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give a negative number i would . possibly the worst comedy routine i 've ever seen . my wife and i have completely open minds and i get his whole show is about bashing everybody and everything but i submit there is an actual bitterness that comes through in his commentary . tie it all together with and endless stream of `` nigger '' this and `` nigger '' that it became an actual bore . he holds the microphone somewhere near his belt line making it virtually worthless . bottom line , it just was n't funny ... a few chuckles here and there but when i 'm thinking it might be better to get up and just leave 30 minutes into the `` show '' it 's bad . give your money to a homeless person !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the opening act was nice he had us busting a gut . he should of headlined . `` eg '' was wack . aint funny at all . at the same time dude has no concentration ability from chiefin and drinkin . soon as someone adlibs from the crowd this guy stops the show and goes on a temper tantrum . congrats on bringing ur fam out the hood and giving em jobs , but if i knew bout how un funny this mug was i would have never went to see it . waste of my money and time . time for a new act rio !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "his show started off good for 10 minutes then he went on a 60 minute rant about black people are the back bone and they be the best white people are the devil and mexicans are lazy . pushing his bullshit political beliefs on you every other word was nigg @ nigg @ . that was whole show how we owe them for being black obama was best president ever crap his showed sucked . and would n't spend 5 cents to piss on him if he was on fire ... ... . i thought i was a rally for black lifes matters . ... ... .rally .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eddie 's show was awesome ! thanks for the laughter and i recommend this show for people who ai n't no punk to real shit . thomas ward thanks for the opener too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing show ! paid for an hour and got a show that was over two hours of laughter ! its controversial , truthful and hilarious ! is n't that why you go to vegas ? best show in vegas ! ! ! ! ! thanks eddie ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just waited 30 minutes for a drink . ordered and waited another 20 . left with 0 drinks . wish i could give 0 stars . too under staffed . thanks for wasting our time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yo ff this place . they stole 200 from us and then kicked us out . this was for super bowl . i do n't recommend this place cause the waitress will blame everything on you . hop over to whisky rose next door cause they are way more friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they got the hell part right . one of the absolute worst places i 've ever been . would rather stab myself in the eyes with scissors than ever go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bouncers at the door are extremely rude . i went towards the entrance to see what the crowd was like . automatically , the guy goes where is your id . i said that i do n't even know if i want to come in yet . so he called me a fucking bitch . he 's a skinnyish short white guy . i could n't believe it . i told him that he 's lucky that there are plenty of witnesses around him or i 'd knock him the fuck out . do n't bother going to this place if you are an unaccompanied female . apparently , they have issues with women .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bold statement : this is the best bar in westgate ! some of you might not think that 's saying much , but hell 's half is a bar everyone needs to check out . it is the happy medium between those who want a nice gritty dive to get hammered in , and those who wan na dance and flirt . the drinks are strong . the drinks are cheap ! my favorite special is the `` deer and a beer '' . for $ 7 i got a shot of cazadores reposado tequila and a pint of bud light . if you 're a lily liver , you can substitute that . and who could forget about the music selection ? they play rap , country , emo , and blues . 10 10 playlist , and i love the music videos on behind the stripper poles . basically , hell 's half acre is westgate 's very own douchebag filter . you get nothing but fun crowds and good times . come here with a good attitude , and i guarantee you 'll leave with good stories to tell !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not enough swear words in the world will justify what i feel towards the service at this place . and next time i ask to see the manager , i 'm looking for him her myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a horrible scottsdale lounge wan na be , first off u have to pay to get in , the bartenders have no idea how to make drinks beyond opening a beer bottle and the waitresses are all cows wearing lingerie , the `` bouncers '' out front stair u down like its some honor to get into this dive and unless its a saturday night there wont be a soul in the place..also the last time i was in here the bartender stole my debit card and charged over 100 dollers in drinks for her friends.. dont waste your time here go to a real lounge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bartending staff is unhelpful and not friendly in the least bit . they refuse to offer the drink specials that were obviously listed in the fliers in the restroom , and they kicked my friend and i out when we objected . i refuse to spend money in this bar because of the awful service i have received in here multiple times .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool trendy somewhat western interiors . good place to go at westgate when you 're in need of some libations and you do n't want to go to a half-ass chain restaurant . i felt like the crown was relaxed and pretty cool . not much silicone or muscle heads just regular 20 to 30 somethings enjoying their drinks . i 'm not much on the west side drinking places but i 'd recommend this place to someone if they asked , i kinda liked it . drinks were priced right and the cute waitress always kept up with us when we needed something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bar was dark and the music was way too loud . we paid a cover to watch the ufc fights but the manager turned the tv we were watching ( only 4 in the whole bar ) to a college football game . when we asked him to turn it back he cursed and yelled at us complaining about how hard his job is keeping people happy . we will never be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place provided lackluster service . i 'm surprised they 're open . the staff was rude . the bouncer was even worse . i would n't come back here , ever again . i agree with all the other reviewers . this is a horrible place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was first attracted by the sign - a huge longhorn skull . sitting at the end of a complex crammed full of chain restaurants i had to get closer just to see what kind of place would have such a cool sign . hey , look ! it 's a bar ! a bar with cow-spotted seating ! had to go in and grab a quick drink just for that . the staff was friendly and they have blue moon on tap . i will definitely go back the next time i find myself that far west ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "also a frequent westgate visitor . been here a few times , its not that good of a bar to begin with . on top of that they are in the same district as the coyotes and during the hawks game were playing the hawks goal song . the response when being asked was basically whatever its part of a list of songs we play . they are a disgrace to the community , will never go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'll start by saying something nice . they had a decent selection of music playing . it was not all hip-hop which i liked . the place has a nice feel and was not super crowded . now with that said , since the place was not packed you think they would have decent service no ? well they do n't . it took for ever for me to get my drinks . not to mention when i finally got my drinks they tried to drastically over charge me ... i 'm not sure i will be coming here again . i mean , i know sometimes people make mistakes , but she could have at least apologized for it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every time i 've gone to this place just seems like a bad vibe . bouncers seem to be cocksuckers . seems like it 's a great place o come if you feel like throwing a few punches around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "aptly named . was at the final four for the weekend and my buddy and i thought we 'd check it out since the line 's were so long at the other bars . some google eyed bearded waste of humanity ( picture included ) was out front and said it was 20 dollar cover charge . when we got in the nothing bar , the line was 4 deep to get a drink and there was not a band or anything worthy of the rip-off cover . we asked another patron what he paid , and his was only 5 dollars and he had walked in just 10 minutes earlier . appears ole google eyes , was indiscriminately charging people , probably pocketing the money himself . hope the owners of the bar read this and fire the sob . he 's fortunate i did n't feel like spending the night in jail or he would have had one eye google eye closed up for several days . needless to say , stay away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place tries to look like a strip club . i do n't know what the appeal is . from the stripper pole , to the slutty girls and the loud music . our group had to go on the patio and escape . there were found refuge . it was quiet and you could actually carry on a conversation . with many other bars to choose from in the area , i 'd go somewhere else . there 's nothing special about this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was in the area to catch a show and date and i were kinda early and he said lets go get a drink and he picked hells half acer , um not a place i would pick on my own , just based on the name and that 's because i do n't like scary and i was thinking there was going to be bogie men everywhere , but i 'm opened and off we went . once i walked in i saw it was just like a normal bar , no bogie men going to jump out and scare me , we got a seat and a friendly server came up and took our order . he ordered a beer i ordered some drink called ooohhhh lala , scary name uh lol , we got to talking and it was time to head on over to the show , enjoyed my time there and glad i went , because just from the name alone i would n't have gone in by myself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here while in town for the raider cardinals game . it was recommended by the cabie to watch the ufc fight . the waitresses are friendly and very accommodating . the bar kind of looks like a strip club biker bar but has the usual mall type customers . it was a good time exept the bouncers are d cks . since they do n't serve food , the waitress said we could order out but the bouncer charged me a cover to get back in ... even though i told him what i was doing before i left . what a d ck !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is honestly getting worse and worse ! ! the bartenders are always rolling their damn eyes when you order a drink and not only that they pulled the most disgusting thing ever.. some dude recorded my buddy using the restroom and was showing all the staff the video and they were just laughing at it ! at what ? at him taking a piss ? ? ? ! ! this place should get shut down ! ! ! i 'm sure my buddy is n't the only person that they record using the restroom.. we honestly felt violated and because we asked the guy to delete that video off his phone we got kicked out.. we ended up filing a police report and the officer that took the report says a lot of people have reported getting drugged there and people 's belongings getting stolen . i hope this review honestly changes people 's mind from entering this disgusting bar with there dirty looking bartenders ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the last time i paid 8 $ for a draft beer i was in manhattan . we tried hell 's half acre because of the name . hell 's half acre was once the nickname of a stretch of bars and saloons in fort worth , tx , so we figured it would have to be pretty rugged . music videos were playing on all tvs and the place was very dark . the bartender was good looking and very nice , but the $ 8.00 coors light sent us packing in a hurry . they advertised 3 $ cans , which we did n't know about until we were walking out the door , but realized that you had to drink a busch light tall boy . i 'm cheap but i 'm not going to drink busch in a bar . did n't try the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "besides walking around westgate , this is the only place i visited . i just came in for a drink . the prices are reasonable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never really been a huge fan of hell 's half acre ... probably in my opinion it 's just not the right fit for the west gate experience simply put . when i think of this place i think of hot topic in the mall . very congested with all kinds of crap and gothic ! i expect individuals with pale make up and piercings to be lingering around this joint . the coolest part about this bar would have to be the free lance hot dog stand ... i know.. sad !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in here a while back . i like this place . got the blue moon and the shot of jaeger . the blue moon came in a glass goblet style . i felt like jack black in school of rock . `` raise your goblet of rock . '' lol they played several different styles of music . however when nine inch nails came on the waitresses rushed to the bar , climbed up on top and danced . this is a fun place . look forward to going back sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . mainly because i listen to rock and metal and i like good drinks . most of the staff that i 've seen are good peeps.friendly and respectful . kelly is an awesome dude . he played just about any band that i asked for . i will continue to come here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "employees on a power trip here save your money and go elsewhere . not worth the time to walk in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably one of my favorite places in westgate . the beer and a shot specials are usually what i end up with . for only 7 bucks for a blue moon and a shot of jager it is hard to beat . they have a really good selection of music with the videos playing on numerous tv 's . the crowd is relaxed and usually is not difficult to find a place to sit . one thing i have learned the hard way , is when you are sitting on the couches enjoying a frosty cold beverage , watch out for the shin height steel tables that will jump out and bite you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a vibe ... dark and personal with a video selection spanning the ages on the tvs . sure , it 's hard to tell a cider from porter from a server sometimes ( hey , it resulted in a free beer so how can one complain ? ! ) ... .but it was dark and i still liked the ambiance ! it 's the darker and much more metal version of cheers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "employees on a power trip here save your money and go elsewhere . not worth the time to walk in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was garbage . i stopped there before the final 4 and got 2 beers for myself and 2 for a buddy . i 'm not sure what 's wrong with their beer taps but those were all some of the worse beers i 've ever tasted . my bud light tasted like metal had pissed in it . my buddy 's coors tasted similar . we both got sick later in the day . absolutely would not go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff , meaning kat , was really cool but man ... .the drinks sucked ass . seriously i wanted to go to fry 's and buy a bottle of booze to smuggle some real drink in there . the music was cool . nice mix not just top 40 or country . the video and the art on the was was a nice touch too . get better drinks or your gon na be one of the next to go ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would love to give a rating of zero , but unable . this place is crazy expensive , a basic bar , no entertainment , and they demand a cover charge . go anyplace else then hells acre . next door is ten times better . i rarely post on yelp , but had to after coming here for the first time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so we walked in and `` chaz bono '' waited on us . he was so oooooooo rude . 12 other people in the bar ... he served us drinks . i gave him 2 $ tip . then 2 guys sat down next to us and chaz asked them if they wanted doubles for 2 $ more . i asked him why he did n't offer me doubles . he said . `` i did '' and i said i did n't want them then walked away . we drank the drinks and the `` manager '' picked up the empty . seems that `` chaz '' did n't like that i mentioned the double thing . then we left . i told the bouncer my issue and `` manager '' came out and said i was talking about her bartender so she could n't help me and they do n't need our business . wow ! ca n't even trust managers . do n't ever go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have no idea why there are so many bad reviews ! stopped in to check it out , immediate service and great music ... .everything from rock n roll to some upbeat country . they have a huge selection of beer and cocktails . if you are looking for an upscale place then this is not it but if you are looking to have fun , this is it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in prime time saturday night and no crowd at all . really saturday night ? they did make a good drink and prices were good . very loud and metal type crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few time years ago when westgate first opened . but recently came here before a pearl jam concert . i really was n't interested in coming but they got me by playing 90s grunge music and videos so we had to come . the decor inside is nice..lots of western influence decorations and tvs inside . huge crowd and i do n't think they were prepared because they only had 2 bartenders and 1 bar back working . took me forever to get a drink and when i ordered a 4 peaks ipa and a margarita total came out to $ 17 which i thought was a little steep . after tip i nearly burnt through $ 20 like that . i was only wanting a pint of beer but they gave me a 22 oz but it was too busy to say anything so i just took it . anyways hells is alright . not bad not great..i 'd rather go to another bar in the area to spend money so i do n't think i would come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good affordable beer prices great music if your into metal . great spot to go to drink and hang with friends . bar tab was bad for the amount for the rounds we made . they also have a hot dog guy that serves great custom hotdogs and snacks for that last call sober up . will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm never going here ever again ! bad customer service . they stopped serving us after one beer saying one of our friends was too drunk . he only had one beer and was not drunk at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a super dark , kind of gothy bar , but we had a great time . the drinks were a great price , the bartender was always really nice . we stopped by in the afternoon before a concert so it was pretty quiet at the bar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best places on westgate ( which is n't saying much ) . it tends to be underrated because everyone is so hellbent on going to macfadden 's to dance with the clubrats ( who are 7s at best and hardly worth $ 6 and $ 7 drinks ) . good blend of rock music and club music scattered throughout . the deer and beer specials are awesome and overall one of the cheapest places to go to ( $ 5 blue moons -- ya , i know ) . wet t-shirt night is kind of hit and miss on wednesday 's . a must go if you 're ( forced ) to go to westgate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bar was n't full before the hockey game but whenever you looked around to order another drink it was random waitresses waking around not including our own . stared at empty pint glasses most of the time spent here . reading other reviews , was not aware of the drink specials . was given no menu so we assumed they did n't serve any food . the 1 star is for the music , 90 's rock and metal was fun .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , clean environment , great food and drinks , great service . what more could you ask for ? hell 's half acre is awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lousy service and overpriced drinks . dont understand why anyone would come here twice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was a huge disappointment . it 's your typical biker bar but the atmosphere was horrible . one couple was thrown out and another was having sex in the bathroom and boasting about it . trashy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great bar ... like the rock music . rap and hip hop is so played out . nice to have something different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would give this place 0 stars . me and my boyfriend are regulars and this fuck boy in a white hat fat and wearing glasses fucking stopped serving us after one drink because my boyfriend went up to him and asked for another round . so this guy on his period said he 's stopping us from drinking because my boyfriend `` too drunk '' . rude rude services and the manager can go suck a dick ! she 's very rude and was n't professional . does n't care . spend your money elsewhere besides this trash bar . best write your reviews on there hells half acre facebook page they will reply negatively .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how about you play fucking rock & roll at your 'rock & roll ' establishment ? maybe a tribute to lemmy this week ? ? wow . sad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this place , they play good music , its pretty clean and nice inside , the staff has been cool and drinks are good . if it was n't so pricey we would come more often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never gave a one star review , and never rated a business before i ever stepped inside of the establishment . i walked up to the bouncer with my wife and asked if they served food . he replied with a drawn out fictional story of his `` left nut sack '' . took my business to the yard house and had a great evening .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are a man that bedazzles your jeans or refers to other grown men as `` brah '' then this is definitely your jam . i actually had a bar tender serve me a margarita that was just tequila with mountain dew sprayed in it ... with a lemon . if this bar were a person i would punch it right in the goddamn face .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the music , staff but i really love the good ol ' beer & shot speical all day , every day . this is my go to place when in the west gate vacinity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "noisy atmosphere seems to be the spot for regulars to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so so bad ... came in after final four because it was the first place we came across ... big mistake . crazy cover charge for a tiny dive bar with nothing in the beer tub . immediately regretted it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loud music , great drinks , cow print upholstery ... just wish the popcorn machine was up and running ! i always have a great time at hell 's ! i just do n't get why they throw napkins around . hehehe", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow that place was bad . stopped in after a concert and it was drunk people yelling and screaming . guys trying to be pole dancers . the security did nothing to stop the out of control people . we waited about 10 min and finally had a waitress come by and take out order . a 12 oz draft beer in a plastic cup that was n't even cold cost $ 6 ! did n't finish and left to never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is your typical glendale bar . lots of alcohol , hot bartenders ( yes you ally ) and a very wide range of music and videos playing . this is a good place to kick back , have a drink and meet some friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "before and after every hockey game ... .. this is where i be ! $ 7 beer and a shot deal - yes please ! tends to be a little dangerous though on a work night . but , when the yotes win , who cares ! ? and for you dudes ... . the chicks are half dressed and dance on the bar when the sun goes down , closest thing to a strip joint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did forget to mention that the other who posted pictures of the bathroom are correct . hardware barely works , the smell was beyond offensive , probably because nothing flushes correctly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were just in town to watch the devils play the coyotes . how could we possibly not go to hell 's half acre being a devils fan ! stopped in before the game and were really pleasantly surprised by our visit . our bartender was really quick with the drinks and really knowledgeable about the area . i did n't know that this place did n't serve food so when we asked for a menu we were n't given an attitude . what we got was some really nice input about some of the food options around the place . hell 's half acre does n't pretend to be something it 's not . it 's just a bar with a little bit of a chip on it 's shoulder where you can go , have a drink and not be surrounded by parrots or pianos or cowboys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing special here . the music is too loud , the drinks too pricey , and the servers to shapely for the clothing they are wearing . not that there are many options around job.com arena to choose from , sadly this is probably the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "raciest and disrespectful place . i know people get online and talk shit for no reason but i kid you not manger kicked me out because im black , and would n't buy a drink when i told him i was the one driving my friends home . then he kicked me out worst business ever if your not racist dont go here ! ! ! if you are have funn ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonton chai noodle newest upper markham location . i frequent the other locations in scarborough and kennedy 7 but i now prefer this newest location . menu is identical with other locations so there is no surprise with the quality of food . my usual wonton beef noodle ( $ 6.50 ) and vegetable ( $ 3.50 ) were both tasty ! the extra star is because there is ample parking for this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this might be their off day . my expectation was n't met . the broth was diluted . i kept pouring red vinegar in . the wontons were good and big . mom said her dace fish balls were soft to the bite . they do n't have the firmer texture like the fish balls at wonton hut and jim chai kee . the services is fast . the store is pretty and spacious . ample parking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the simpleness of the menu , the promptness of the service , and the freshness of the food . fresh noodles are prepared right before your eyes . you better look at the menu before going as there are no surprises , nothing more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall a great new addition to the neighbourhood ! food : nice big wontons . fried fish skin portion size was good and vegetables were good as well . need to try the brisket and dumpling next time . price : 1 type of topping $ 6.50 , 2 type $ 7.50 . fried fish skin $ 6 . vegetable $ 3.50 . place : new , spacious , clean . comfortable seating , much better compared to wonton hut . only bad comment would be the flies that was borhersome during our dinner . service : very quick service and polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are looking for some fast and cheap wonton noodles , then this is the place for you ! the menu is very simple , there are two types of noodles - soup noodle and lo mein , and you can choose to add wonton , dumpling , beef , fish balls or brisket . the noodle + 1 topping starts at $ 6 . service is very quick here , your food will come pretty much within 5 minutes of ordering . this is one of my top go to places when i want something cheap and quick t o eat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the open concept ! food was really good . the wontons are pretty big . decent price . i find that the quantity could be a bit better..ie : more ! ! at a convenient location with lots of parking . downfall , when waiting not much room to be standing and waiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on labour day at noon and it was at capacity , but no long line ups . the food and service here is on par with all the other locations , i ordered the wontons with rice noodles , veggies and deep fried fish skin . the wontons are huge and filled with shrimp ! the food was great and the place was clean . i would note that the layout of this place is a little odd are there is a huge open space down the middle of the restaurant.. could have fit some more seating there ? there is ample parking and they are conveniently located off the 404 at major mac , great location !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's not no jim chai kee , but it 's pretty good . i 've been here multiple times , however i have n't gone to their flagship location at the langham plaza on kennedy . the soup base is okay , kinda salty . but who does n't like salt ? lol the wontons i found had a lot of shrimp and some filler . but the shrimp is still the star . the beef was good , nice and tender . overall , it 's pretty good . i 'd come again : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to rate 4 star for he beef brisket noodle . one of the best i 've had for a long time . service is very goo . just there plate portion is small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shrimp wonton were good quality , large and 'crispy ' , but too salty for my taste . beef brisket was good . noodles were good . soup was piping hot . even their free tea tasted ok . overall very good food , just too much salt and msg . if only they can get rid of those fruit flies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this location as it 's a lot more convenient for me and it 's a lot easier to get parking . menu is same as other locations . a bowl of wonton noodle soup starts from $ 6 depends on how many toppings you want to add on . my favourite is wonton noodle soup with either yellow egg noodles or rice noodles for $ 6 ; it comes with 4 huge shrimp wontons . or you can add a second topping for $ 6.5 good and fresh wonton , good price and convenient location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally got to try this location and it did n't disappoint . huge dumplings and wontons . the hor fun was just right the soup could be a bit tastier but it does the job if you looking for a light meal . will go back once and a while , sure beats cooking yourself for $ 6 bucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go to place for quick noodle soup . service is fast and food comes out fresh all the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place for beef tendon white noodle with soup a side , egg noodle are great too we enjoy it very much and close to 404 exit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok for a quick meal . same concept as the other oversized wonton places - apparently this is opened by the son of the most famous one - except their wontons and fish balls are not that large . taste is fine - just what you 'd expect and just as good as the `` parent location '' . they also offer beef brisket , which is different , and actually , pretty good ( though there is n't a lot of it if you get it in a double combo with something else ) . no wide noodles here though , which is too bad ! veggies are good and the only side dish worth ordering . do n't bother with the overpriced fried fish skins because they do not make them in-house and they are no good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "consistent delicious goodness as the other location ( s ) . ca n't go wrong with their wontons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately , there is no comparison to jim chai kee . their wonton here is n't as good , and the shrimp is very small compared to jck . service is horrible as well , they are not friendly at all . some customers came 15 minutes before they close , and they turned them away because the kitchen closed . horrible customer service !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times since it opened in this neighbourhood . the taste is fair , not spectacular but it does the job . the low rating is mainly for its lack of cleanliness and poor service . the folks working there act like they despise being there every moment and there 's flies all the time . in fact , i was able to make friends with two different flies on my last visit , i named them mojo and jojo ( see photos )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap and delicious shrimp packed won tons ! the basic $ 6 won ton noodle soup is a must try . the won tons are huge and each bite is just tons of shrimp goodness . on top of that , their home made chilli oil is one of the best and i had to buy a jar for home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to grab a quick meal . $ 6 for simple wonton noodles does n't hurt the wallet either . the wontons were packed with two pieces of whole shrimp each with a total of 4 wontons in the bowl . the noodles were done well , great texture and not too soggy . definitely a good contender when you want something to quick for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a popular place for lunch on both weekdays and weekends . even though there may be a line , the turnover of tables is fast ! this is due to their fast service in which we were able to get our food within 5 minutes after ordering . i love their noodle soup , usually getting the two topping ( wonton and beef ) noodles at $ 6.50 . you can choose from a variety of noodles : egg noodles , rice noodles and vermicelli . with wontons , i always get the egg noodles ! it came with 3 wontons and several pieces of beef . their shrimp wontons were big , and the shrimp was chewy indicating that its fresh . the beef came a bit raw but cooked well in the hot soup . one topping noodles are priced at $ 6.00 , making wonton chai a very affordable and quick meal ! all in all , would i come back ? yes , i want to try their dace fish balls !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for the first time as my mother would always say her friends praise this place a lot . i ordered the shrimp wonton & beef slices lo mein . truly a great dish . the wontons were big and filled with full shrimps , not cut into pieces . the beef was cooked to a medium to medium rare and it was perfect . it melted in my mouth and was so soft in texture . a few things i 'd change would be the portion size and the wait time . . the amount of noodles for a single is small compared to other similar restaurants . overall , still loved the food and location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like that there are more options than jim chai kee like brisket and fried fish skin , but the downside is that prices are higher here . if you 're just looking to get a bowl of wonton noodles i 'd stick with jim cha kee , but if you want a variety of sides i would recommend won ton chai .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on day two of there soft open . tables are off to both sides , with a wide area in the middle . noodles were fresh , not over cooked , good soup base . dumplings and wontons are huge . will have to try other combination ; beef brisket etc . fast service ... but then , such place are meant to be a quick meal with fast turn around etc . will return as i like that we have a casual noodle place north of 16th , just off 404 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a pretty good wonton noodle place for its price . i had the shrimp wonton noodle in soup and the sizing was decent . for 6 dollars , it had 4 shrimp wontons and a decent amount of noodles . the wontons were pretty big and had a lot of shrimp inside . also be advised that during peak hiurs you may have to share tables with others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is decent but nothing too out of the ordinary ( similar to some of the others ) . but where things stand out for them is excellent service-even during the busy lunchtime period . very attentive and polite . those looking for a quick and good meal should consider . parking is also very easy given the big parking lot . give it a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this agency has always been welcoming , professional , and knowledgeable . from the day i asked for a quote , through an accident , they have made me feel like family . i am thoroughly satisfied , and i highly recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been with allstate for around 10 years now . regan has always been there to answer any questions i have . i would highly recommend him to all my friends and family . there receptionist sabrina is very knowledgeable of my insurance needs and when regan or ginger are n't there i can always count on her as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best agent in town . always available and when i call regan he always responds immediately and takes care of my needs immediately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "apparently the first two visits are `` standard protocol to consult with the doctor and establish rapport . '' huh ? ? ? basically no treatment for the first two times and it 's to milk your insurance ! that was problem # 1 . # 2 was the fact that i waited an hour and twenty minutes and not be seen by a doctor . ( which is how i found out that even the second appointment would n't include treatment ! ) pain stop clinic is a scam ! the girls up front were rude and seriously sounded like they were reading some newly learned big words and spitting them out at patients and not being sympathetic at the problem at hand . what a waste of hours of my day !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pain stop clinics is phenomenal and the avondale clinic staff are so helpful , cheerful and a pleasure to visit . the level of care i have received is the best out of multiple tries of other places . thank guys for being the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they made a family members neck problem worse . so she went to another doctor . pain stop was refusing to release her records . finally got them 2 weeks later . and they ca n't address the pain i have ... they would n't even give me a consult !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have fractured lumbar spine pedicles that cause pain which can be relieved by radiofrequency ablation . it generally lasts a year or more depending on how overactive i am . i 've been to other pain management doctors so i know the procedure for exams prior to injections . with pain stop , once they establish how much coverage you have with your insurance , they do these unnecessary longer exams so they can bill higher . i do n't love insurance companies but i do n't respect doctor 's offices that waste my time so they can jack up the fee or they encourage other services just because they 're covered . from a medical standpoint , i 've had lumbar injections or ablations from other pain management drs that worked within days . when pain stop did them it was almost 6 weeks before the pain finally left . maybe i was in too much pain to do much and it healed on it 's own . i wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really appreciate the care and pain relief i receive from the pain stop in avondale ! best pain relievers around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome practice , they do everything , chiropractic , pt , blood work , xrays . i am feeling much better than with my previous chiropractor . they give you a plan of treatment and follow up regularly . awesome group ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in pain , this is definitely the place that you need to go . the first visit is completely free . this is my second review ! this is the best place and i feel awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here now for about 6 weeks , trying to deal with some pain in my shoulder . but they have started with saying we will get to the route of this problem , and we will go about it one step at a time , if one thing doesnt work we will try something else ! yeah . they have an nurse prac on staff , they have a physical therapist , you can get chriopractic if needed . there can do x-rays , ultra sound , take blood work , alergy testing , its really like one stop shopping . i love sim , shes the nurse prac i see , carlos is my physical therapist , or as i like to call him , my physical torturist ! : ) these guys are great , the whole practist is wonderful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to review this hidden gem so more people can know about it . the girlfriend and i were headed to the rio to see penn and teller.. and we figuring we 'd have to walk over the highway or cab to the rio from the bellagio , when low and behold , our concierge told us about the free shuttle service that harrah 's property provides to and from it 's back area to the rio . i had purchased a few bubbly pops for the walk to the shuttle , and was informed they were n't allowed on . but the driver did give me a minute to finish them up before we departed . it 's a great service to get you to and from a less accessible hotel off the strip , and to one of the best shows in vegas . just remember , as with most things in vegas , to tip for each passenger as the drivers do n't make much . just head towards the back of the harrah's.. there is a parking area by their main entrance.. it 's marked by signs , or just ask some staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "idk why it 's taken me so long to conjure up great memories of awesome free way to head west across the strip and explore the rio palns side of things . line up near the corner outside of paris and you 've saved yourself the $ 20 cab fare to hop over and continue playing -- for me , that equals the rio seafood buffet & palms roof bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "courteous drivers . every 1 2 hours . the best part is free ! please take care of your driver tho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be careful when entering county road -- there 's no stop for through traffic . good gas prices & convenient to i-57 . the men 's bathroom was clean ... no mirror , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a dump . this has definitely gone downhill over the years . i used to stop here to get bio-diesel when it was cheaper , but i wo n't pay a higher price than regular diesel . attendant did n't know how to recharge a marathon cash card , so i lost money there , too . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for gas at halfway point to metropolis for the superman celebration . after standing there looking silly to figure out how to open the gas tank , the attendant came out to help . he figured out all u had to do was push the little door ! great help !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hotel i ever stayed at . great staff - staff are all beautiful : ) . front desk made sure a staff check the room before we entered . great cheeky decor - the room was extremely spacious . great bed . awesome bathroom . cons - you can still smoke when i was there two years ago . so it was n't that much fun at the bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing amazng boutique hotel . if you want to be impressed with high end decor and service this is the place to go . i spent new years here a couple years ago and was blown away by its beauty .. i love modern decor and style and this place boasts it from head to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not a guest at the hotel but i did visit the bar . it was a ton of fun ! the bartenders were really pleasant despite being busy and the dj was awesome . loved the door staff and the woman in coat check . cool mix of a crowd , as you often find at hotel bars . the decor was really swanky . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staying here on points for our babymoon annimoon for 4 nights . got upgraded to the fantastic suite . interesting layout with the open bathroom to the bed and tv area . not really feeling the blue teal floor to ceiling curtains . too ikea for me . typical modern w hotelish decor ... usually i 'm not into the super modern hotels but this was a fun experience . really enjoyed the big sofa lounger 2nd bed with the swivel tv in the room . spent lots of lounge time on this piece of furniture . : ) the walls are somewhat thin , neighbors just got home and they seem to be arguing ? we stayed in room 919. utilized mirelle at the concierge and she was very knowledgeable . she hooked us up with last minute rsvps to fereirra cafe and au pied du cuchon . : ) bliss spa products are always welcomed as well ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hotel . new , cool design in the lobby and the rooms are very big and clean . the combination of colors they choose for the rooms it 's awesome . we 'll visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it . get a mega room and hang at the bar on a saturday night . good music most of the time . they charge more for higher bandwidth so we ate all the fruit they put out reception . what is this world coming too ? great bathroom - it was bigger than most hotel rooms . makes you want to renovate your house when you get home . will go back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stay in hotels all the time and as i am planning my next business trip , i find myself thinking back at my stay here in june july . best hotel ever ! i was n't even spg plat yet ( gold at the time ) and i got bumped up to a suite quickly and easily . the room was beautiful & staff extremely helpful and wonderful . `` living '' here totally made the difference during my extended stay in montreal . the only gripe i have to make is the food at the restaurant is so-so . breakfast is okay i guess ... but skip it for dinner . the waitresses are really ... nice ... though ... anyway , i 'll be back for sure ! p.s . awesome place to party on wednesdays and thursdays . of course , as a guest of the hotel - no waiting in line ! booyah !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice trendy hotel . great location in old montreal . 1 minute to the subway station , thats great ! very nice hotel bar . many events and happenings there . comfortable rooms . good design .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff here is superb , friendly , and flexible even with a sold out hotel . the decor and space is very nice both in common areas and within rooms . the location is very good as you can walk to the places you need to be within 15 minutes around the city . wonderful hotel , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool hotel . i loved bartini ... the guy who works there ( dominic ? ) is awesome . was there a couple of times for beer and had a great time . the hotel itself is clean and nice . huge shower and cool soaking tub . slight drawback was room location ... if you 're on the third floor and you 're staying there on the weekend , you 'll hear the `` thump , thump , thump '' from the club downstairs pretty late . i 'm probably not hip enough to stay here but i still had fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in montreal for a couple days for work and a colleague had recommended this hotel . i 'm not generally a fan of the w and this trip confirmed it . while the hotel itself was nice , service was fine , rooms were decent sized and clean - the entire vibe of the hotel was not for me . the moment you walk in you feel like you are in a club . in fact , the first floor has a club which got really noisy in the evenings . the entire hotel was also extremely dark with dim lighting and contemporary decor . it was just too novel for me and not practical for what i was looking for . the restaurants bars in the hotel also closed at odd times . it was hard to find a place to get a drink ! i stayed on a high floor but the noise was still quite apparent some nights . if you 're looking for somewhere fun and different you can give this place a try but i 'm going to pass on this place next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's the nicest w i 've stayed in . had a fantastic 2 night stay . clean lines , cool vibe , good energy and a contemporary feel . and the staff was extremely welcoming and friendly , especially the w insider who set me up with great places to go and things to do around town . also , the hotel is conveniently located right by a metro stop and just a few minutes walk from old montreal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the w montreal is one the nicest w hotels . the complete design and layout works very well . good reception area , nice lounge , good restaurant , some of the sexist hotel rooms around . the wow suite is wow and the fantastic suite is fantastic . if you are a fan of the mondrian in la , royalton in ny , or the cliff house in sf ; then you will appreciate this hotel . the whole package here is much better and for the money much better . great place to stay anytime . service is friendly and very nice . charming staff . i have slept here over fifteen times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never stayed in the hotel , but used my skyspa dollars in the spa downstairs . the facility is small , but i had a great massage and pedicure . the staff is attentive , the service was great , and i liked that it was small , as it was nice a quiet and calming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is hip , has great location , friendly staff , but is definitely not business friendly . there 's one computer and one printer in the business center which does n't work and the wifi is anything but 'high speed ' as they claim .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "en double", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is no place i would rather stay in montreal . i ca n't describe the feeling of a nice shower after a long flight , overlooking my room and the entire city . not to mention the fantastic food , booze and company in the hotel bar and lounge . i wo n't stay anywhere else when visiting ! the w hotel prides itself with impeccable service , but the montreal location outdoes itself . it 's truly a unique memorable experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hotel , high end , modern , great staff . ask for a `` quiet '' room . montreal was very nice and i 'd stay at the w anytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here treats their guests amazingly . as a diamond member , my girl friend and i were upgraded to a two-story loft ! we were there during a gay pride parade day weekend , so i think they assumed we were together . pretty funny ... we had to take turns sitting downstairs so the other could shower in the transparent shower right next to the bed upstairs . no worries , there was a lot to do downstairs - i mostly played with the good sound system they had . lobby decoration was hip and very inviting . they have unique chess sets and other board games just lying around for people to enjoy . the restaurant downstairs ( otto ) was great for a late night snack dinner ! we really liked the black cod . again , great staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the ambiance of the plateau lounge . that was the only part i 've been to at this hotel . the drinks are a little over priced but then again you are in a part of a hotel . you should expect it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an incredible property with superlative , terribly-accommodating staff ... from the valet , to the house service , to the concierge ! expansive room with decent modern accents ; the shower can easily accommodate 5 . only ostensible problems are the location as it 's generally dead after 9 pm , and the incongruous , 6-seater + - , w-owned bar versus the larger , third-party drinking space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed here on extended weekend bachelor party in one of the mega room doubles . the property is very clean and modern with multiple bars . hotel is located central in downtown so its close to all the poi and cool neighborhoods . restaurant 's food was pretty good too . what sets this place apartment from the rest is the staff , they were super friendly and helpful . i needed to locate a sports bar close by that was showing a uel soccer game . the concierge called a few spots for me and hooked me up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to montreal for a weekend and decided to stay here for some reason . it was a debate between the w and st. james.. and i honestly wish i chose st. james . the only thing that i liked was the glass shower , the location and the staff . the room service was good too . the decor was not really my style . the crowd at night is too rowdy.. i guess this hotel is too hip for me . if you 're going to stay in montreal , my recommendation would be st. james or hotel gault .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want to go here for an exciting weekend , i 'd highly recommend this place . i actually came here for work during the grand prix weekend and it turned out to be highly involved in all of the grand prix festivities . this of course can be considered a blessing or a curse . for me ended up being a bit of the latter as i was out here from the west coast and had to wake at 6am each morning ( aka 3am west coast time ) . so the loud music that went into the night and partying guests was less exciting ( and made me somewhat envious ! ) . however , the quality of the room was super nice . there is a very weird shower here ... i wo n't give it away but you 'll see what i mean . i would n't recommend the restaurant here at all . over priced and low quality ( go to nearby boris bistro instead ! see my other review of that place ) . this place is also in a great location . short walking distance to the river .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "room was really nice , open bathroom with tub and walk-in shower . staff was very welcoming , salutations from all we encountered . in room dining was delicious . special thanks to the concierge for assisting us with in getting to a facility to repair a flat tire . would definitely stay again . husband states he is not a fan of chain hotels , but this has changed his perspective !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "plateau lounge : good , but could be better . montreal is definitely in need of better places to get a nightcap , and this certainly misses the mark by ny standards . the music was forgettable and the bartender had no idea what vodkas they served , but otherwise , it 's fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great ; super-friendly staff , good location in the middle of downtown and good restaurant bar scene . my room was huge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great stay for 3 nights over labor day weekend . the hotel was close to everything and the staff was super friendly . facilities were very clean and contemporary . the only issue was the thin sound barrier between our room and the next through the adjoining door . our lovely french speaking neighbors were up way late talking very loudly which eventually turned into some noisy passionate lovemaking . thankfully we only had to deal with that for one night . overall , it was a great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are crooks . they do n't want you to pay for your phone so that you own it . they want to scam you into one of their payment-for-life-plans because they make more money . avoid this store at all costs - there are much better sprint stores in phoenix with people who are honest and up-front . these guys tell you one thing and do another - bait and switch ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went into sprint to get an upgrade and info on a new line , a pregnant woman was helping me , or rather , acted like she was bothered to help me . she was very rude . the manager of the store , louie ended up helping me and when he went into the back to look for my phone , he never ended up coming back out . the other employee there was busy with other customers , so i ended up leaving and going to the tatum and cactus sprint to upgrade and add a line . i had no issues with that store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would highly recommend i 've been to quite a few sprint stores around the valley and this store , hands down , is my favorite . the team and management that runs this location is superb ! i 've always been greeted as soon as i walk through the door , no matter how busy they get . the team goes out of their way , unlike other sprint stores , to get you what you need ; no gimmicks , hassles or any shady business , they 're there to help you out ! definitely will be a forever customer to this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store and the group of people that work here . very helpful and friendly . would recommend to all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buyer beware : a shining example of inept , unhelpful customer service workers . visited the store twice to get information about cancelling my plan . on the third visit when i wanted to actually cancel my plan , they told me that their store ca n't do cancellations . seriously ? ? you did n't think to mention that the first two times i was there ? overall , sprint is an awful , disorganized company with outdated phone service ( only 3g lte as told by one of the associates ) for premium prices ( $ 103 a month ) . avoid at all costs and go to t-mobile or verizon instead . they are both lightyears ahead of sprint .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great services and did 100 % and beyond , highly recommended to friends and family , thank you kassie ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid . avoid . avoid at all costs . stay away . terrible , horrible , abysmal . my wife followed their recommendation transitioning from a galaxy to a galaxy as opposed to an iphone because she was told the data would transfer more easily . they fail to transfer an entire folder of photographs then blamed her saying she told them it was okay to wipe her old phone . no one looks out for you . customer service does not exist . avoid . avoid . avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best customer service i have ever received . i have been with sprint for over 5 years , and have always been happy with my provider , however the associates at this sprint store are the best . i was in a pinch after breaking my phone , and i showed up about an hour before they closed , and they were so helpful , so informative and even ordered my new phone right then and there while allowing me to come back the next morning and pay my initial fee for my insurance . they are also all so friendly . anyone who gives them a bad review is obviously a jerk . thanks again , guys ! you are awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't shop here . this is not really a sprint store , this is a shop that sells sprint products and services that is not managed by sprint . if you have any freebees from sprint they will not honor them . the referral system on the sprint website may direct you here , but again this is not an owned by sprint and they will tack on extra charges . go west to 7th and bell to the corp. store or go east to frank lloyd wright to the next corp. store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great people ! ! amazing service ! ! me and my boyfriend almost left sprint because of how rude every other sprint store was to us about helping fix my bill that a sprint kiosk ruined . all the people that work at this store are amazing at their job and amazing at helping people ! this is now the only sprint location we will ever go to ! ! thank you so much you guys ! : ) ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in sunday afternoon with a broken iphone 6 . within seconds , in a busy store i was greeted by andy . this guy helped me quickly , honestly , and made me a happy buyer . smooth transaction from start to finish . all around great customer service rep . thanks for the great customer service andy . do n't let this one go sprint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for over 4 years and everyone that i have come in contact eh has been really awesome . they are super knowledgeable and helpful in helping me find the best plans and phones that best fit my family . i will not walk into another sprint store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unbelievable ! i am still in shock at how rudely l was treated this morning ! there was no one there who could fix my issue nor even tried to and told me unless l was there to buy a new phone then l should leave ... l bought my samsung galaxy s 6 last weekend ? i guess they are only kind to you when they are selling the phone ! sales person lili was lovely . this mornings crew wore no name tags !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kassandra gave us great service and helped us a lot with upgrading our phone . she had a great attitude about the whole transaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes thankfully not very often the travel schedule gets skewed and there 's absolutely no time to eat between flights and the choices near the gate is n't exactly what you had hoped them to be . this is when you 're caught between a sbarro and a burger king and on this particular day i really did n't have it my way so after contemplating just doing without i realized i was flying southwest and they have nothing but a carbo snack basket and if i grabbed a slice of pizza worst case i could just eat the toppings so i did , yes it was horrible pizza but the service was very good and they did have a fresh right out of the oven pizza being sliced up when i joined the short line . i was also fortunate enough to find a small dirty table next the the exit only a short walk from my gate . i do n't think it 's something i 'd do again ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only one guy was manning the line . the pizza is ok , nothing great or fancy , and the food is better than burger king . two slices of pizza were less than ten dollars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pepperoni , sausage , ham , and bacon pizza hit the spot after a 20 oz of stella artois over at tequileria . nice crispy crust with a crunch , large slices ... nothing to really complain about ! ... except the lack of tables to sit at . some random middle-aged guy just joined me at the table and offered me fries from burger king .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's pizza . at las vegas airport . it is what it is . i came here in the morning and they moved incredibly slow . i stood in line ( by myself ) for a good 5-7 minutes til the associate finally decided to come out from the back and help me . i got a slice of sausage pizza , and they warmed it up . it was a little on the dry side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sbarro is always the worst thing ever , but sometimes , when you are in an airport and you need to cram a quick bite down your gullet , you take the hit . and sometimes when you do that , you will discover that the terrible sbarro you grew up with at your local mall was in fact a superb and splendid culinary experience compared to what the las vegas airport offers by way of sbarro . i am 95 % sure if you fed this to an elderly person or a small child , both groups with immune system issues , it would kill them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick shitty pizza found in malls and airports.. though big slices and decent prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was trying to save money by finding somewhere cheap to eat at the airport . sbarro was the answer . i ordered the spaghetti and meatballs , which comes with one garlic bread . the portion was large and filling . the meatballs were delicious and blended well with the marinara sauce . the spaghetti noodles was good . i had gotten a fresh batch , so that was good . the garlic bread was slightly dry and did not have enough butter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 for normalizing to airport standards . 2 if it were outside the airport . maybe i should n't normalize as to force airport restaurants to step up their game ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm in airports all the time and this is my new favorite stop . the vegetable side was huge with al dente carrots , broccoli and squash . ( caution hot pepper flakes ) . the lasagna was fresh , hot , and marinara sauce was light and more sweet than acidic . clean kitchen and friendly staff . blows the other fast food stops away at this airport . check out ethel m chocolates near c4 gate . amazing value for such fine chocolates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the line here moved terribly slow due to indifferent employees . we have flights to catch , people ! they offered to warm up some peoples pizza slices but not others . i 'm not sure what the qualifier was . sbarro pizza is generally predictable . what can you really expect from a food court ? i do enjoy the large slices , though that 's what i expect when they charge you the price of half a large pizza . i would have liked more time to explore some different food options . i 'd recommend you do the same .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a small thing , but if you are known for pizza , try to have pizza . it 's not a particularly busy night , and as i waited during late dinner hour , they ran out of cheese , then pepperoni . that 's like going to a mcdonalds , and they run out of french fries . then the wait got compounded because something was wrong with the cash register , and at first , they had one person ringing up about ten people in line . management here is not solid . i would have let it all go , but the pizza also had too much crust to cheese ratio . pizza fail tonight .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually like sbarro , but i had to rate them low today . there was no baked ziti , no spaghetti , and no breadsticks . had to get pepperoni pizza , which had been under heat lamps too long and was hard .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i saw a guy here scratch his balls and then proceed to serve pizza without gloves on . old africa american dude . do n't eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped by the mccarran airport sbarro in vegas yesterday for a bite during my layover . the girl behind the food line was so rude and impatient when i asked questions about the entree menu , like she could n't be bothered . $ 15 for a plate of lousy spaghetti with meatballs and a side of veggies , but that would have been tolerable if she had been pleasant . she was just as rude to the woman next in line . and here is the height of wishful thinking on their part : after the lousy service , there was a tip jar sitting out there at the check-out register , as if i would give them one red cent for their horrible attitudes . sbarro should make a policy that workers should not yak with each other in tagalog when others present do n't speak the language - it ' just plain rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had n't been here since i worked there when i was 18 . at the mccarran airport , i stopped by for something quick and predictable . a slice of hawaiian pizza pie and 2 meatballs were delicious and predictable . i loved it ! the pizza was soft and fresh and huge ( you have to fold the slice ) . the meatballs were very tasty , and the red gravy was tangy and delicious . i was eyeballing that lasagna or baked ziti , but i had plenty of food . sbarro 's is pretty good ! still i have to reserve 4 's for great food and 5 's for perfect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i still crack up every time i picture steve carell raving about this authentic italian chain . stopped by for a snack , and was sad to find that not only was the pizza poor -- i 'd actually say sam 's club has better pizza -- but they could n't even serve it hot . that , plus being seriously overpriced means i 've gotten my nostalgia fix , i completely understand why they went bankrupt , and i wo n't waste my time with them again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for a quick , airport stop at 7 in the morning , i have nothing but good things to say . the food was fresh , the service was fast , and i did n't have to have a `` breakfast sandwich . '' i was starving when we went after running around for the holiday season and i needed real sustenance . the pizza was hot and fresh and i got a side of veggies that were delicious . my boyfriend got a calzone that was amazing with or without the marinara . i 'd eat there again , on the run .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the woman managing the morning shift when i stopped by on dec. 17 earned this 1 star , not any of the other employees who were far more competent and polite than she was . i was forced to leave without patronizing this establishment due to the utter ignorance and rudeness of this profoundly nasty woman . i do believe the side items that were on the menu but were not prepared would have been so if the restaurant did not suffer from such poor management . i do n't mind being refused a simple substitution on a buffet line of all things ( where you have ample amounts of each item ) but i can not stomach a person on a power trip who is unqualified for their position . i left this place and went to villa where i was treated with respect .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lots of portions and tastes like any other sbarro . staff wasnt too friendly but they were really busy so i dont blame them . the food is simple , but filling . mmm . im going to eat my leftovers now . = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food looked good , but i was n't willing to go into a carb coma . i got the caesar side salad , about 1 1 2 cup of fresh romaine , parmesian and croutons . you can choose dressing , i chose the caesar and used about a tablespoon from the package . small salad and bottle of water , $ 9.50 ! lots of tables , refillable fountain drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i definitely will stop here again ! good veggies in the culinary no man 's land of the c terminal at mccarran . the only other food i could find which was vegan in this terminal was the veggie burger at burger king and a veggie burrito ( hold the cheese ) at some mexican chain . if you are looking for truly healthy food , get the vegetable `` side '' topped with marinara . not overcooked , but lightly steamed pieces of broccoli , winter squash , zucchini , and carrots . very high nutrient to calorie ratio , healthy eating in the midst of slot machines and fast food junk . plus , right across from the counter is a bunch of tables right along the wall which are relatively private .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pizza was so bland i could n't believe it was from sbarro . the gentleman 's body language behind the counter was that of a person who could n't care any less and seemed put off by basic questions about the menu . not to mention , thug tattoos everywhere . oh yeah , 6 bucks for one slice and almost 8 bucks for a beer . trust me , go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast food pizza ! the lady taking my order kept sneezing ! she told me that she 's been sneezing all day ! i told her she should go home . yep go home and stop sneezing on people 's food . the guy who was at the pay cashier looked like he was distracted or maybe just needed a vacation . i told him what i ordered so i can pay for it , then 5 seconds later he said `` oh i 'm sorry what did you order again ? '' he then went to get the pizzas out of the oven . he dropped one of the pizzas on the floor . he came up to me and said `` ma'am i 'm sorry but i dropped your pepperoni pizza . can i get you anything else ? '' uh another pizza ? ! lmao ! ! what does he expect ? there was a whole pizza pie of pepperoni there and he asked me if i wanted anything else ? wtf ? ! go get me another slice ! duhh ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "order nothing from this place . probably the worst pizza i 've had . high school cafeteria food at best ... but it 's actually worse . did n't help that the people working were complaining about wanting to go home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was wanting to find the pizza hut express to get one of those mini pizzas to take with me on the plane , but i did n't have the time to go look for it . i only had 50 minutes and i barely got there in time to line up with my section even though this was on the way . i ordered a slice of supreme even though i wanted pepperoni . the guy in front of me ordered the last three slices for his family . how annoying ! pros : -it was relatively quick and the pizza was edible . cons : -did not have more pepperoni or cheese pizza ready to go , but had plenty of the less popular flavors . -barely any pizza sauce on my pizza . -crust thicker than i 'd like it to be for ny style pizza . -pizza did n't seem as fresh and warm and other chains . -expensive- almost $ 5 a slice . -workers are n't that friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst ever . cold pizza , when i brought it back to the counter , they had no idea what to do . they were upset with me for saying something . unbelievable !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have n't even had treatment yet ! i 'm still waiting for my initial appointment with the doctor . after 6 weeks of phone games and canceled appointments , condescending and rude staff , no one has even offered a descent reschedule , like `` i 'll try and fit you in today or tomorrow '' . so far i 've had appointments canceled , reminder calls for dates that do n't exist on the calendar , receptionists provide me with false information , i 've lost hundreds of dollars in wages booking time off for these people and quite frankly no one seems to give a sh t. i 'm sure their therapists are great , i just would n't know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to start of by staying i am glad i went here for my injury . everyone took care of me so well , from the front desk to the physiotherapist and rmt as well . they have a fun environment . i do n't know about all these negative reviews . i had a very pleasing time every time i was there . i would definitely recommend giving the place a try and making your own opinion , just like with any place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had a really good experience with pivot . mary ellen , my physio has been wonderful . the space is bright and clean and everyone is really friendly . highly recommend them to anyone needing physio or related services in bloor west area . i 've never been treated rudely or had trouble booking an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client at pivot for two separate injuries . one injury was so severe that i visited the clinic twice a week for six months . in that time i 've seen several staff members working with other clients in a professional and caring manner . i highly recommend their service , the environment they cultivate of patience , encouragement , and honest diligence ( on both mine and their part ) . plus , although though i am only mildly athletic ( i run half marathons ) , i enjoy the one degree of separation between me and the young amateur and olympic level athletes that they take care of , and that maybe one day i 'll be at that level , too . no not really . i appreciate that they give back to the community . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the nearest place from the new office for a bite so ended up here anyways . 2 stars for clean non-greasy joint . food , m'eh ! ordered rice bowl with spicy chicken . extra stingy with toppings and spicy chicken was just dipped in hot chili sauce it seemed . taco was same . m'eh ! extra charge for guacamole which happened to be a smudge smaller than a child 's pinky . heading to adjoining subway next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "way too stingy with the toppings and beans . and they charge extra for a smidgen of guacamole even on the vegetarian burritos . usually the guacamole is free on the veg ones ! ! ! but they do n't warm you it will be extra . vegetables are also overcooked . very bland burrito . muchos is better for potions and taste for 'take-out ' mexican . will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here today for lunch . it was totally underwhelming . i ordered the fish burrito . a total disappointment . the fish portion was tiny . they are very stingy with their toppings . and the burrito was $ 6.99+ tax . simply underwhelming . burritos everywhere else are better ( mucho burrito is better , chino locos , burrito boyz and burrito bandidos ... you get the picture ) . and i was hungry , i think if i were n't , it would have received 1 star . not likely to return , even if starving .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ca n't believe i came here to eat . had the 3 tacos and the food was stale and chicken tasted old . went to complain and the people just answer me with an `` oh is it ? '' i asked for a refund and was told manager was n't on duty to give me a refund . well they just lost my business completely as i work next door . this place should n't be allowed to operate with the expired food they serving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have n't had a bad experience yet . i usually get the medium sized pork burrito . very filling and full of flavour . one should note that the spicy chicken is very spicy ! ! ! and there is no warning from the staff ... not for amateurs especially paired with the hot salsa . all in all i would say comparable to mucho ( maybe a bit cheaper ) and better than chipotle pork burrito", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rude management and by far the worst mexican food ive ever tasted . absolutely flavourless . could barely tell the difference between the beef and the chicken . i would never eat there again and if i were mexican i would be offended that this place calls themselves mexican . i did n't even taste a hint of spice . not even black pepper ! waste of money", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse customer service and knowledges of their menu . they have a menu for kids and when i went with my son they wo n't let me buy from it unless i buy any regular menu which they should have said on the menu board and they do n't care to return customer away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not impressed at all . the interior is nice but food quality is nowhere near similar places like mucho burrito . no free chips and i did not see guacamole offered . the burritos taste like a quesadilla from taco bell with rice and beans added . the price is a bit lower ( 2 burritos for $ 10 on saturday and sunday ) than chiptole but the quality tradeoff is not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "interesting fast food sort of mexican place . the meat had some good flavors , but the construction of the tacos was a bit inconsistent and messy . the service was also off and on the couple of times i stopped in . for some fast take-out i 'd go again , but probably micromanage them putting everything together : - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "should of probably read these reviews before eating here . spicy chicken burrito had no flavour chicken had old dry bits of chicken in it . family run and they do n't help each other when there is a line . brutal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was just ok , not the best but i am giving it 2 stars because i found a hair in my food . i decided not to complain because their food is not that great to begin with . the men do not wear hair nets just cuz they have short hair bug it was a nasty short hair that i found . anyway all in all i am not happy with this place and advise people to check food carefully . service was just ok not great but not the worst either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't actually have much to contribute to other reviews ... but feel like i have to write a few notes after having paid a visit . i guess i can say we are somewhat spoiled now in gta with all the burrito options we have here . the competition is very serious and these guys are not doing their best to keep up . on the plus side , the place looks fresh and the food is safe to eat . on the minus side , the food tasted meh . it 's fast food with the emphasis on the word `` fast '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bad experience . employees smoking in front of the store while on their shift . employees dont listen when they put your toppings . and fountain drinks are very very watery . i used to love this place but service is just terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think the management changed recently so it 's gotten really better . i have been going there everyday for the past week . well it might also have something to do with my recent obsession with burritos but still . once i got the combination right i ca n't help but crave for quesada every day at lunch . very friendly and accommodates special requests .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to be at my hubby 's office . and we wanted to grab something quick around the area . everything was pretty much closed ( sun easter ) but this joint was open . place is very clean . ordered a : large spicy chicken ancho pork burrito it was huge . taste of ok but no wow factor . it was freshing not heavy and filled my hunger . a chile lime fish burrito bowl fish was not dry and it was ok as well . overall i think this place is more aimmed towards the healthier side . kind of like subways . they have all the calories counts on each item . so if you are looking for a healthier option of burrito & tacos . i think this place is for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably not a good idea to have chipotle 2 days ago and eat here today . i had the same type of bowls ( pork ) so an equal comparison . chipotle is a 4.5 experience . fresh , flavourful and filling . everything today was totally bland . and they skimp on the toppings . lots of lettuce and rice but minimal beans , tomatoes and maybe a tablespoon of cheese and sour cream . for $ 8.00 plus tax i would expect better . in the future i will stick to anush ( next door middle eastern ) for a flavourful and filling shwarma .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my dog tore up some carpet in my bedroom and i needed to get it fixed . i called ultimate carpet repair and they did a fantastic job . they were very prompt in their reply and were able to fit me into their schedule . the carpet looks really good ! i would recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ray is the man ! returns calls quickly , accepts same day appointments no problem , and very good rates ! our puppy likes carpet like a cat likes catnip . well , ray came out and repaired two patches ( so far ) on carpet with pattern and you can not even tell it was ever replaced ! i would highly recommend this company and ray to service any carpet repairs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came home one day to find that my labradoodle had ripped up the carpet in my guest room and eaten the pad underneath . after a minor panic attack , i came to the conclusion that the majority of the damage was just to the pad and that the carpet could hopefully be stretched a bit and retacked . after calling several companies we decided to go with ultimate carpet repair . they were able to come out the next day and estimated a cost half of what one of the other companies quoted . they did an excellent job . we had no hope of seeming the closet back to the room , but he went above and beyond and made that happen too . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had ray repair 4 different spots that my dog tore up . he was very personable , took his time fixing my carpet and it turned out awesome . i would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ray did an excellent job on the three repairs that i needed ! i was able to get a same day appointment at a great price ! would recommend them to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ray did a great job . very professional , called ahead to confirm and even was a little early arriving . carpets look great and the best price in the valley . even did a small retack on one of the areas too . would definitely recommend them and will use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ray did an excellent job stretching and cleaning my carpets . i was pleased with his service and prices . he provided prompt service and worked very hard to accomplish the job . i recommend him to anyone as an honest businessman that takes pride in doing good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he was very professional and swift and quick and courteous . also did some add on work that ready did n't expect to ask him to do but he did it ! ! ! absolutely the best experience i 've ever had doing a car carpet install .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hector did an outstanding job stretching 3 rooms of carpet and their pricing is more than fair for the work involved . he was easy to work with and helped move furniture . i would never use anyone but hector if you want a professional job done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! called yesterday to get someone to the house to repair some pet damage before out of town guests arrive in a few days . he got me on the schedule for the next day . did a great job and it looked better than i anticipated ! ray was very personable and easy to work with . thanks again so much ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were closing on our new home and needed a good flooring contractor to help remove the builder carpet because we were doing laminate . ray was phenomenal . he called right away and we agreed on the job and pricing . his experience proved vital on a key decision that in the end gave our home a beautiful finish . we enjoyed ray 's warmth and respect for our new home . he treated everything with tlc . in the end we went in a totally new and better direction with our install and we could not be more pleased . because we moved from out of state we have no tools or anything with us . ray gladly brought over his own dolly to help us move a water softener for the floor work . ray is a business person who provides exceptional service , expertise , and value ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we made an appointment for this guy to come in and fix our bedroom carpets and a problem area in one of our closets . all of the damage was due to poor installation as well as pet damage but the work he did was phenomenal ! i would definitely hire this guy again , and in fact , i will once we 're ready to have our carpets cleaned . amazing job . thanks again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my room mate accidentally let hookah coals drop right on the middle of our living room carpet ! burned 2 quarter sized holes right down to the concrete ! ray came to the rescue with his expertise , friendly attitude , on-time delivery of service and an amazing work ethic . he was great even as i had a conversation with him the whole time he never let his work stop . when he was done i could n't believe it looked so good ! i 'd recommend these guys to anyone ! the carpet looks brand new ! thanks ray !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible . i do n't even know what kind of training the stylist had , but she messed up my son 's hair . i showed her 4 pictures of the cut i wanted for him and she did n't do that . it was choppy and the sides were too long . i asked her to fix it and she said she would n't because what i needed for him was `` product '' . what kind of answer is that ? she did n't clean him after the haircut either . he was covered in hair and did n't offer help when i was trying to help him clean up . i will never be back , i am so disappointed . i had to come home and try to fix the cut myself , poor guy . i do not recommend you go to this salon , especially if you are requesting a specific haircut to be done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "see photo . the other side is fine , but i 'm astonished the `` stylist '' let him walk out like this . she did n't say anything and he did n't notice till i pointed it out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice little tavern in the concord area . easy to get to . good amount of parking . fairly crowded for lunchtime on a thursday , so a reservation may be a good way to go , especially if you 're in a rush . luckily , there was seating available in the bar area ( table seating , not seating at the bar itself ) , so we were able to get started right away . our server was sweet , but a clearly a little overwhelmed . this was most likely due to the high volume of seating that took place in the bar area within a matter of minutes , which she seemed to be handling entirely on her own . i kept it simple and ordered a bowl of chili . yummy . my aunt and uncle both had the chili with a delicious-looking grilled cheese with it , which - i 'm not going to lie - i was totally wanting as soon as i saw them . overall , a very low-key , straight forward dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the management is awful . i saw others being treated poorly , then i experienced it firsthand myself . they are not appreciative and grateful of their regulars , instead they treat us badly . you will receive your bill 20 mins before closing , and if you ask for anything else they will insult you by saying your you are cut off because they want to go home . do n't visit this place near closing time , or you may have a rude server and a bad experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not eat here . just do n't . we went after the lunch rush , so the restaurant was slow and quiet . we were seated by the kitchen doors and could hear the chefs talking and what not . maybe if they spent less time bull shitting around , they would n't have burnt our order of potatoes wth bacon and cheese . or given me a cheese burger instead of a chicken sandwich . the ranch dressing is soup . the decor is a bit dated and on the shabby side . the manager comped us our app and gave us free coupons for their cookie platter thing but that was it . our waitress was scarce and the food was sub par . they definitely need to be on restaurant impossible , it 's the only way we would ever come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have some friends that live right up the street from this place , and since it 's opening a few months ago , we 've been impressed . the menu is what i would expect from a fun , casual bar ; big sandwiches , soups , salads , filling apps . it 's always tasted fresh , and i 've enjoyed the burgers , wings , and boom boom shrimp . apps are half off every night after 8pm ! they always have good specials at the bar , as well . i know they do some kind of sunday family movie night ; i 've never been , but it 's a cool idea . service is consistently upbeat , prompt , and friendly . even though it 's a good 20 minutes from my house , i 'm always happy to head up there ( especially for $ 3 25oz imported drafts on thursdays ! ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "half price apps after 9 ! ! great wings . excellent chowder . try the boom boom shrimp and definitely order the cookie skillet ... or 2 cookie skillets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with a big party , boom boom shrimp and spinach artichoke dip were both great ! also had a burger that was cooked perfectly . definitely would recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very skeptical of this place based on the reviews , but i recently attended a baby shower here and based on the reviews i was a little nervous about eating here but to my surprise the entree was very good and the service was great . they have the perfect area for showers and other special events .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple times , and had good experiences both times . i did a casual weekday lunch with some co-workers one time . they do have a nice reduced portion price lunch menu which we all ordered off of . i got a salad topped with salmon which was good but i could 've used a larger peice of salmon , but i do have a big apetite ! on my second visit my boyfriend and i had a late dinner with drinks on a friday night . we went casual , nachos for an appetizer , me and reuben , he a burger and of course the cookie skillet for dessert ! everything was good ... ..nothing i 'm raving over , but it 's a cute spot and i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i like to go here because the nachos and bbq chicken flatbread are killer . the nachos with chili and chicken are awesome . the afton salad with candied pecans is also a favorite . they have been running a special of 1 2 price appetizers after 9pm and so my family of 5 can go on weekends or we go with friends have a few drinks and apps . we really like it here . do n't forget to leave room for the cookie skillet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is way overpriced for what you get . nothing tastes fresh , not many healthy choices and sometimes very slow service . ordered the crab cakes once and had to send them back they were awful !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really like this restaurant ! we have been here a handful of times in the past year and have never had a bad experience . the waiting staff has always been friendly and we usually have top-notch service . i love sitting outside near the fireplace when the weather is nice ... great atmosphere ! i really enjoy the burgers and the chicken and dumpling soup . yummy ! and although i 've never saved enough room for dessert , i have seen the awesome cookie skillet and heard it is delicious ! i 'll have to remember to go there one day just for the cookie skillet . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a little sketchy.. only the outside tables looked appealing but the wife wanted to stay inside . it happened to be family movie night and there was a huge video playing on a 100 inch screen . - luckily it was the football game but there still was kids all over the place . i ordered the half rack - meh . and their homemade mac n cheese - meh . if anything , you should come here just to try out the cookie skillet dessert . that was delicious . other than that , good luck finding the place and enjoy what you can . -ian m .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i saw the waitress being very rude to a patron and stop serving alcohol because she was closing her station down . she also decided to argue back with her customers which was not a good look as a server or for the restaurant . i was very disappointed in how the manager responded to the situation and made matters worse . he too was very argumentative . this was the first time i had ever been and after seeing how the waitress and manager treated other customers , i do not think i 'll be attending again . two stars because they served beer and apps", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've eaten at this place many times and even attended a company dinner here . we love the ribs which is a big surprise since it is not their specialty but we get them every time . their cookie skillet & fondue dessert are great ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we happened in one weekend morning while wandering about the area , and found the space very welcoming . even the outdoor patio seemed nice , but it was a little too crisp to be enjoyable . a nice spring or fall day and that would have surely been awesome as well . somewhat surprised by the space on the inside - it is much larger than it looks . there were a whole lot more people than we expected too . unfortunately this seemed to bog down the service . they were friendly enough , but not particularly fast . when it came to the food , it was perhaps a step above your fast casual fare - so if you are in the mood for applebee 's or ruby tuesday , go a bit of your way and check this place instead . otherwise , you might want to find something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of our favorite restaurants . the battered shrimp are fantastic ! i 'm not normally a fan of breaded or battered shrimp , but these are absolutely wonderful ! the batter is light and crispy . the burgers are quite good as well . a must have on the dessert menu is the chocolate chip cookie skillet . omg ! ! this is to die for ! additionally , the staff is always friendly and very attentive . they never leave dirty dishes sitting the tables either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love eating here ! everything i have tried has been wonderful . i like the bbq chicken skillet . very tasty . the best part , however , are the cookie skillets ! they have chocolate chip and butterscotch , both are delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch and dinner location , for the entire family . you can order a colossal burger and pile it up mile high with all of your favorites ! oh yes , you have to order the sweet potato fries with it and a chocolate cookie skillet for dessert ! yummy ! bon app\u00e9tit ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here ( concord , nc ) for an interview , and the night before i wanted to get a feel for the location , so where better to learn about a town than the local bar ? i could n't find a bar `` downtown , '' so i was forced to go to a restaurant bar off the highway ( i generally like to avoid these places , mostly because i 'd prefer to support a local business ) . this place was a lot better than i was expecting . i got the buffalo chicken wrap , and it was really good . +1 for the very helpful bartender who answered all my questions about the town , and gave me that feel for the town that i was looking for . the bartender was also very good about keeping the beer flowing . they were also surprisingly busy for a sunday evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to like this place i just ca n't , the food is ok last time here but not great . tonight the bar area smelled of chlorine and sulfer ! the draught beer lines need to be cleaned out , the wine selection is awful . it 's too bad considering the great outdoor seating area , lots of potential just poor execution .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome food and angela at the bar area was the best . our table had marinated chicken breast , fish n chips and ribeye all were excellent . must try their homemade ranch , all entrees come with house salad which was the best salad ever ! a definite must try if you are in the concord charlotte area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our most favorite spot ! the staff are all wonderful & always have a smile on their face . everyone is friendly as well as eager to please . we love our friday nights after the highschool sporting events . if you 've not been , you are missing out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , wait staff very friendly . was in , seated , ordered , fed and out in an hour ! only thing that prevented 4 stars ... . while the fish and chips was tasty , the breading was not as crispy as it should be . you should honestly be able to pick up the fish with your hands and it not break into pieces . we have tried the burgers ( great ) , and several other items on the menu as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the tav is awesome . they 've got some super awesome employees , some unique and delicious food items , and some good specials . i know they used to do late night apps half off , but i think they have a whole new late night menu now . i love the bar-b-q chicken flatbread . it 's one of my favorite lunches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! always has great service , managers who care , and food is amazing . love their crab cakes and jambalaya . almost every table around me always gets a cookie skillet to end their meal . they have a chocolate chip one but my favorite is the butterscotch oatmeal cookie skillet . delicious ! they also make almost everything there including dressings , sauces , and soups . if you live in the area and do n't at least try this place out ... you 're missing out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am rating afton tavern 5 stars because there is nothing else like it around . across the highway there are some chain restaurants but this is much better . our friends that we met there are frequent guests and they love it . the drinks are priced good and it is a good atmosphere and location . the bacon cheese fries come with waffle fries which is great for scooping all of the toppings up . they will also toss your chicken tenders in wing sauce at no extra charge . next time i want to try the fish and chips .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an event there tonight , march 7th , for 75 people , and it was fantastic . this is second year have had it at afton tavern , was even better this time . will , the manager made sure everything went smoothly and it sure did . if looking for venue in concord mills area , check this place out . we had an event at cabarrus arena , and was close enough to the arena , but also right off i-85 . they did a buffet and everyone was raving about how good the salmon , shish kabobs , and chicken breast were ! you have got to try the cookie skillet for dessert . we will be back in 2015..check them out ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met up for a family dinner here . i ordered the shrimp wrap and squash zucchini . the wrap was good -- not great . the squash and zucchini was 4 giant pieces of squash so i was disappointed in that . the general consensus was that the everyone 's food was pretty mediocre . service was fine . however , the smell of the sanitation products was a little overwhelming -- and not in a good way . they do have a nice patio i would like to check out some time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "afton tavern is a fun and lively place with well-priced food and drinks . the blue cheese & bacon burger is a great burger for anyone near the charlotte area . featuring blue cheese crumbles , bacon , lettuce , tomato , and onion . the blue cheese pairs very well with the crispy bacon and juicy beef . overall , this was a very good burger , but a better bun or juicier beef patty may put it in another league .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten at this establishment multiple times over the last 5 years . i live in the afton area and can walk to the tavern . the food is normally done pretty well and they have kids night on mondays which is awesome . the issue i have is the service 80 % of the time sucks ! they have some of the worst service in concord and when brought to the mangers attention ... ... nothing happens . attn : managers . you level of service is terrible . encourage training ! ! ! ! solid 4 for me . but the service is below bojangles", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place to go if you want some good food in your stomache before the lush inside you comes out . try the carmel apple martini , it will let you forget about that summer heat and remind you that fall 's crisp air awaits you in the near future . : ) went here with a group of 6 , i believe i had some type of chicken entree ... and it was good . good hang out spot to grab drinks and hang out or talk with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have eaten at afton tavern on about 5 different occasions and have loved it every time . i always try something new off their extensive menu and have been happy 4 out of the 5 times . my only complaint is with the `` fish & chips '' that is offered . it is not your typical fish and chips so i was disappointed . i was served a filet-o-fish and this is not what fish and chips is to me . however the fish was crisp and delicious so i was too upset . i 've had the burgers , tavern tacos and the chicken & dumplings . all were tasty and would definitely order these items again . must try the cookie skillet & oatmeal scotchie for dessert=awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` dem buffalo tenders is bomb . '' service is a hit or miss though . usually always friendly but sometimes not attentive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is always good at afton tavern and the service is very friendly . great for group get-togethers or a nice date night . most importantly , order a cookie skillet for dessert- they 're to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love afton tavern ! the food is great , especially the barbecued ribs , the wait staff are all friendly , the managers are always visible and cater to customers . best thing that ever happened to afton village in concord ! they are involved in the community too ; have a special teachers ' night , rotary clubs meet here , special events , kids nights . i live in this area of concord and we go here all the time ! love it , love it , love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been wanting to check afton tavern out for quite a while . we had a group of 5 attend . the waitress was n't very talkative but service was just fine . we had the bacon cheese fries as appetizers and they were fantastic . i want with the chicken tacos ( ca n't remember the actual name ) and they were fantastic . my gf had the shrimp version of my tacos and they were good as well , even when heated up in the microwave later . no one else complained about their meal and we had a great time . i will definitely be going back . apparently they have $ 8 pitchers of draft been on thursday night . i am hoping to be hitting that up soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would definitely come back to this place . the burgers were great and they service was good . i highly recommend the burger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "innovative menu . great service . went to afton tavern today with wife 's son and his family to celebrate the youngest 's 8th birthday . menu offered something for all . i have lexi 's chicken and dumplings as a starter followed by a great rueben . my wife had a steak philly as did my daughter-in law . sue 's son had manhattan clam chowder and a chicken salad plate . as far the kids , one had her favorite mac and cheese while the birthday boy had couple of sliders . everyone enjoyed their meals . service was great and i love the relaxed atmosphere of this place . prices were very reasonable and i would readily recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had jake as our server the other day and he was phenomenal ! he made wonderful menu recommendations and is a real jokester . the food is great but jake 's service is even better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not really a fan . the food is sub-par and the service definitely could use some work . i only like when they have red oak on special and there 's half priced appetizers at night . besides that , i would n't consider going - and i live super close to this restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "afton tavern is one of our favorite places ! we are typically there once a week . the food is consistently yummy ! we each have our favorites but have tried most things on the menu . my son loves the chicken & dumplings . the hubby typically gets the kickin ' chicken sandwich . i switch it up between the grilled chicken sandwich ( with avocado ! ) and the wedge salad . the apple cider dressing is amazing , as is the house-made bbq sauce . and treat yourself to the cookie skillet ! the staff are friendly , fun and attentive . the patio with the outdoor fireplace is perfect for casual gatherings , although the three of us usually sit in the bar area . the tavern also does family-friendly events throughout the year , including scrabble nights and movie nights . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here many times . always busy . great shrimp wrap , chicken and dumplings soup , salads and chicken sandwich . food is reasonable priced and service is always fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of food , nice cozy atmosphere . our server was very pleasant , just took a little long on getting to our table & not as attentive as should be . my burger was very dry , but i 'd come back to try something different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff was friendly and got in with no wait on father 's day ! food was awesome ! the manager comped our apps before we even realized the wait time for the first course . definitely going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a nice waitress . nice setting.. good menu options.. but i came here specifically for the cookie skillet since i had heard so many people say it was great . i did not like it at all.. neither did my mom . the cookies were barely cooked & tasted like dough . i told the waitress and she said that it was supposed to be like that but she did n't offer to take it off our bill..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great location and great outside seating , but unfortunately the food is not great . once again a small , local restaurant where it seems like the chef never tastes the food he she lets leave the kitchen . they would be better creating a smaller menu with fresher options . and please purchase tomatoes that are not hard and lack flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we really like the afton tavern . the food is mostly good and the desserts are terrific . if it 's near you birthday , you get a free jordan 's cookie skillet . yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is pretty good . not bad . bar is good . drinks are strong . burgers are good . nice outdoor eating area . one of the better places in concord for this sort of dining . better than 131 main in cornelius and 10x cheaper . at least my wife does n't get sick here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant has a peculiar layout and is dark inside . they do have a patio where you can dine . the food is good but nothing special . staff seems rushed but attentive to our needs . the owners also have another restaurant very nearby , that operates under the name afton pub & pizza . i think afton pub & pizza has better food and recommend it over afton tavern . parking can be problematic since there are many other businesses and the ymca nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our group of 18 was looking ( well in advance ! ) for a dinner option on a sunday evening that did n't scream , `` large big-box chain '' . we had a tough time finding a place that could accommodate our group on a sunday , and would provide a full menu for everyone -- until we stumbled upon afton ! our private space was ready when we arrived , and we were greeted with friendly servers immediately . we had access to the full menu , and the servers were more than happy to explain menu items and give some of us ( who are lovers of craft beer ) feedback on best beers to try . the menu itself was large and vast enough to please a variety of nutritional lifestyles on the starter menu as well as the entree menu . i 'm really pleased our group found this place in concord after searching high and low for a local dinner spot . skip the chains . buy and eat local !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not great , would n't recommend , go to afton pub and pizza right around the corner ... way better , nicer management , and better staff . all around alright , used to be much better for less .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my sole purpose to come here is for oysters and cookie skillet . they are very good ! ! ! fresh oysters and the cookie skillet is to die for ... i recommend both .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here multiple times for multiple different reasons . the last couple of times the service seems to be lacking a bit . last night we went for a birthday and barely saw our server . several people in our party had food come out that was cool . i 'm not one to complain because i understand accidents happen but my food was cold , wrong , and i never got a refill . i will give it one more shot here because the food is typically good but i go by 3 strikes and you 're out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice for lunch and each time the service has been quite slow . i ordered the lunch salad the first time and on my last visit , i had the turkey burger . very mediocre food that just took too long to be served . the tables are 'dressed ' with brown paper and crayons so you can draw while you wait ... ..and wait . the beverages are served pub-style meaning your soda water tea etc will come out in a huge glass that 's similar to that of a beer mug . i mean , it 's b-i-g and well worth the less than $ 2 charge . other than that , the menu is stocked with all of the typical american fare . it 's a good spot for ok food just not quick service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "huge portions . bacon on the hickory chicken sandwich is nice and thick . fish is pretty good . red potatoes and fries came out a bit cold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "afton tavern is a good local food choice . my family and i enjoy sharing their warm cookie skillet- it is absolutely out of this world ! ! ! the food is okay , but the service is not very quick . also , some of the booth seating is not very comfortable , so i recommend sitting at a table when possible . on the bright side , afton tavern 's prices are vary reasonable for lunch and dinner . the restaurant has different rooms that can be sectioned off to accommodate large private groups ( perfect for large get togethers , team dinners , showers , graduations , etc. ) . the atmosphere is very family friendly , and has items on the menu that are accommodating for guests of various ages .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the mahi tacos , but i did n't receive mahi . i 'm sure what i got was n't mahi . and it was n't good by any means , i 'm not a complainer at all . the others at the table had a good experience with their choices . i will come back but i wo n't order mahi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typical bar food , done pretty well . not a lot of vegetarian options , but the black bean burger is tasty , and they 'll do the salads without meat . great sweet potato fries and you can get broccoli instead of chips with the spicy cheese dip , which i think is kind of cool . the patio is lovely in nice weather but there is usually a wait at prime times . half price bottles of wine on sundays is a great special , and they 'll wrap your bottle for you to take with . really nice place to have a drink with friends ( on the patio ! ) on a sunday afternoon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "outdoor patio on a nice night , and it ended there . i ordered their wings in the house sauce with a side of sweet potato fries . first they fries were cold , i sent them back and 10 minutes later still no fries . i told the waitress to not bother . the wings , deep fried to death ... it was like the turkey from christmas vacation . dry as sand ! ! ! avoid this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced bar food . service sucks . got bad chicken and dumplings that the manager said they must have been in the pot too long . yuck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i actually come here alot with my family since it 's literally 5 minutes away from my house ! i tried numerous things on their menu but the salmon salad would always be my go to ! they give you a hugee piece of salmon & their salad is so fresh ! it 's not the best i 've had but it 's pretty dang good for a typical salmon salad ! everyone comes here & raves about their famous cookie skillet , but honestly i feel like i 'm scooping sugar lol ! the cookie is waaay to sweet and so is the icecream so it 's really not for me . but must try if you have an really , really sweet tooth ! ( :", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't order the fries . found a black bug in mine . manager came by and gave us a $ 20 clift card to come back ! nope never will .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over priced for what you get . the service was great and easy parking . everything is just average . it was really crowded and they need to redo the floor plan as everyone was bumping into each other", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3rd and last visit . food is consistently bad . overcooked dry steak . worn out place . never again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was disappointed ! the food was cold when i finally got it and was not correct . it took forever for me to be able to send it back and was starving . i was given the crappy food for free , but was really disappointed . after dinner everyone i talked to said they stopped going here because the food is not good ! the cheese dip was good . what made me the most mad was the manager never came over and said a word to us ! totally unprofessional and i will not be going back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every time we go here we have a positive experience . specials on craft beers on thursdays and super ice cream sundaes for the kids for $ 1 . menu is excellent , service right on . today i enjoyed the josh fish tacos : 3 tacos with choice of shrimp , mahi mahi or chicken or combo . i chose the fish combo and it was delish . they never disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered two entrees for take out . after we arrived back at home we found out that none of the sides were packed with our meal , but they did include two pieces of bread that no one asked for . used to like this place but their service has steadily gone downhill and would not recommend them any longer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this place . the service usually is hit or miss . the last few times i 've come in however there has been a strong bleach smell . almost like i 'm walking into a pool . not sure why but it 's not something you wan na smell while eating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "parking sucks . everywhere we tried had a permit sign in front or mismarked handicap . took us forever to find a legal spot to park . went here for our anniversary . was n't expecting anything fancy . just bar and grill . i was n't impressed . it smelled awful upon walking in , literally like dried urine subway smell . not promising when walking into a place to eat ... ... but stuck with it . ordered a diet coke and it had the strangest flavor . like musty or moldy leaves . i chalked it up to bad tasting tap water used to make it . on the plus side they had 25oz . drafts on sale for $ 3 ! ! ! by far the best cheese fries ever eaten ! cheeseburger and tacos were just okay . macaroni and cheese was n't that special , nor were their sweet potato fries . would i go back ? probably not . only two good things . the cheese fries and beer special . b", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice local place . food is neither spectacular nor is it horrible . an overall decent local place to grab a bite . typical tavern bar fair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to get your ears lowered ( military jargon ) . i have ali cut my grape twice since i retired from the army . he does an amazing job . ali is a former marine so he knows how to do a great fade ! $ 12 ai n't bad for a good cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best barber shop in arizona hands down", "score": "5"}
{"review": "think twice before setting your foot in here . these guys have attitude and anger issues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come on- a 24 hour up-to-date gym that costs you 30 $ month- it does n't get much better or cheaper than that . i go in the mornings and or evenings when gyms are usually at their fullest but i have never had to wait for a machine there , ever ! ... and they 're open on holidays like xmas an new years ! ! they also have a very clean , modern and no pressure atmosphere- as a chick , it 's soo not a slimy pick-up gym at all- you feel totally safe and un-cruised ++ it 's a plus in my opinion !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "less than 12 hours after i posted this review i went to the gym . i had about a week left on my membership . within 20 minutes the manager came over to interrupt my workout to yell at me . his tone was rude and harsh as he told me he did n't appreciate what i had written in my review claiming i was a liar . he said it was `` bullshit '' and told me i needed to leave . i literally stood there in shock as he yelled . while he did refund my money , i was appalled at the reaction and lack of customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "\u00e0 seulement 40 $ par mois , l'abonnement au gym du plateau est vite rentabilis\u00e9 . il comprend l'acc\u00e8s aux machines et aux poids ainsi qu'aux cours de groupe ( qui sont d'ailleurs assez vari\u00e9s , il y a m\u00eame un cours de boxe ! ) . la salle et les vestiaires sont propres et le personnel est sympathique et disponible pour vous aider . seul b\u00e9mol : l'administration semble parfois confuse et la communication avec les membres n'est pas toujours id\u00e9ale ( p. ex . lorsqu'un cours est annul\u00e9 , lorsqu'il y a des changements d'horaires , etc. ) . au passage , votre abonnement vient avec une s\u00e9ance priv\u00e9e avec un entra\u00eeneur : profitez-en , \u00e7a peut vous donner une bonne base pour atteindre vos objectifs !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all and all a pretty decent gym . it 's not a huge place , but it 's big enough . it 's never overly full . they have plenty or equipment and trainers . there 's even an in house physio clinic . if you 're planning on becoming mr. universe this might not be your place . most people appear to be on a quest of being fit . prices are very fair and they are open 24hrs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a recent transplant to las vegas i put off finding a stylist for too long . when i finally could n't wait anymore , i started looking and am so glad i came across shannon here on yelp . this time i just got my typical highlights and a cut . shannon did a great job with my hair and she 's super friendly . she just found herself another loyal client : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shannon has been cutting my hair for 3 years . if that does n't seal it , i should tell you that people i have recommended to her , including the poster below , have become repeat clients . shannon has a very flexible schedule and can make appointments weeks out . she will also set standing appointments , so you can plan multiple weeks in advance . the salon itself is nice , with coffee and water for clients and several open floor areas so it does n't feel stuffy . aside from the occasional crappy teen pop music , it is a fantastic environment . other service are performed there and among the staff , they can set you up with additional beauty services to cover all needs . get your hair cut by shannon ... that 's all i 'm trying to say : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shannon is awesome ! a friend recommended her to me when i was in need of a new stylist . she 's very talented- both with cuts styles as well as color . shannon is always up to date on any new trends , whether new styles or products . you 'll love her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shannon is amazing ! she has been cutting my hair bi-weekly for years & it 's always been perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time ordering and i 'm really taking a chance by ordering a large quantity . i placed an order for the 100 piece assorted sushi , sashimi and rolls platter . to my surprise i did not get 100 pieces . there was only 97 pieces . do they skim a few pieces from every large platter order hoping their customers wo n't notice ? the sashimi is sliced too thinly and very small . i 'm disappointed that i did not get exactly what i ordered . i 'll go back to my tried and true sushi joints as ai sushi has left me with ill feelings of being ripped off , even if it is 3 missing pieces .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "picked up a small platter , cucumber maki and botan shrimp . the platter was superb , as always but the other 2 items were dissapointing . the cucumber maki were falling apart ( see pic ) and looked bad . the botan shrimp , we ordered because they were out of sweet shrimp . it was $ 8 for 3 pieces , they looked large but they were n't fresh . they had a really bad fishy smell and we could n't eat them . i did n't want to waste them , so i cooked them in some garlic butter , but my son still would n't touch them . i went back today because we 'd ordered a large sushi and sashimi platter for today . i still think the platters are delicious and value for money ( even though prices have increased ) , but i 'd be hesitant to order other items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick fix around the neighborhood . do n't expect to be able to wow you . sushi and sashimi was n't the best tasting . like salmon has no salmon fatty omega 3 taste , albacore tuna doenst taste like tuna . anyway.. for the price and for my laziness for not wanted to drive too far ... i ca n't complain . i would get sashimi over sushi . fish is fresh . just not the highest grade but not like bad tasting stuff . i can make rice or sushi rice at home and make my own sushi or chirashi . worth trying.. i got take out like 3 times already . open till 10 pm . only accepts cash or debit ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want cheap sushi that tastes good you should come here . tip : ordering for lunch time is definately easier and wait times are not bad . presentation of sushi is to be expected by any sushi restaurant . hard to screw it up unless you try really hard . taste of sushi is good . average cuts of fish for cheap prices . restaurant can be dine in also . decor and interior is nice . they offer a variety of types of sushi . downside is that they give you the cucumber roll as one of their rolls . i already came 2 times to try their rolls and sashimi . decent and a go to place in markham .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered takeout for lunch on a weekday here , so my experience may be a bit different from those who ordered during dinner hours . i called when they opened at 11am to place an order for a kaisendon and told them i 'd be by at 12 to pick it up . the food was ready when i got there . when i got home , i was happy with how good the food looked . the fish seemed like to be quality as well . also , for $ 10.99 , i 'd say that the kaisendon was a great deal . 12 pieces of sashimi on a bed of rice , but they included shrimp sashimi as well ! very nice . i 'm excited to try their rolls next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hip decor , reasonable prices and most importantly fresh ingredients ! what more can one ask for ? this place has more of a casual fare . you order at the cashier next to the sushi chefs ; sit at a table on a stool , and they 'll bring you your order along with wooden chopsticks , paper plates and paper cups of water . the place seems pretty small and has about 4 communal tables . however , we ( group of 6 ) went at around 2pm on a saturday and had no trouble finding seats at all . though casual , presentation of the food was pretty ! if you do n't live around the area , this place would n't catch your eyes and thus harder to find ( in the papa chang 's plaza ) . i would definitely come back ! next time for their rice bowls ! ( all under $ 15 ! ! ) . would be a nice choice for a casual date night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2nd time to ai sushi , 1st experienced was pretty good service wise only , as for food was average . ordered the sushi sashimi tray # 707 80pcs for $ 48 plus tax , sushi was alright but sashimi was n't as fresh . but giving benefit of a doubt maybe it 's due to new business opening so we decided to give it a 2nd try a month after today with the same sushi sashimi tray . boy are we disappointed ! ! maki roll were all falling apart , cuts were uneven some were overly big and some small . but that 's not the bad part . snapper sashimi were bad and inedible , color was on a dull brown . had to throw it all out . salmon was n't as fresh either but it 's edible only having to spit few scales out as you go through only 6 pieces . i can say it 's our last time to this sushi joint .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came to try ai sushi with a friend of mine . i love the decor , do n't really agree with some whom have deducted stars due to the fact that there is no table service . it is pretty self explanatory and the staff would tell you as well . there are comfortable seating for you on a first come-first serve basis ... the staff there never rushed us leave or anything . the price is right , sushi sashimi are fresh and yummy . i have already recommended this place to a few of my friends who live in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had this on my list for some time , so glad to finally try it . it was really good and you definitely get a great deal here . we ordered a couple of platters including the 100 pieces of sushi , sashimi , and rolls ( which was only $ 58 ) along with the 80 pieces of assorted rolls ( which was only $ 42 ) . they are always busy and it took about 1.5 hours for our large order . it is more of a take out restaurant than a sit down place . we found the sashimi fresh and it was a nice variety from the usuals like salmon , tuna , octopus along with scallop , squid , and few other fish . the rolls were good , the rice was seasoned nicely and there was not too much rice on the rolls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad there 's a good sushi place in the neighborhood ! came here as a recommendation from a family member . came for a quick lunch..but was surprised ! definitely not a dine-in restaurant ( yet ! ) . no tea or water is served with your meal ( extra $ ) . seems like it might be a take-out concept . they 're still on their soft opening , so i 'm sure lots will change : ) ordered 2 rolls and a sashimi bowl . was happy with the quality and pricing ! will definitely be back ! tip - 10 % off when paying cash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here with a couple of friends to chill and have lunch . the first thing i noticed is the seating . all they have are elevated tables with tall stools ; so if you have large jackets , you 're either going to have to sit on it or put it on if extra chairs are not an option . their food is served on plastic containers and a plastic platter if you eat in , which does generate quite a bit of trash and has a cheap kind of feel . however , the flavour of the sushi and the food are no joke . it 's definitely very tasty and satisfying for the price you pay . overall , i would come back ... . but perhaps during the summer when i have less to lug around with me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here 2 times and did 2 take outs , the first time it was to try and we had it in the restaurant and it was about a 20 minute wait for our 40 piece tray . it is pretty good quality for the price . the second time i came in store to eat , i had a massive stomach ache . can not for sure say that it was their ingredient but that night i only had their sushi . the second time we did take out , we called before to confirm the order and to notify that we were coming . when we got there they said they missed our order and we had to wait for them to make it there on the spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was a bit worried because of the negative reviews but this place is amazing , everything was fresh and delicious and best of all , it was for a cheap price too ! if this place was closer i would go there on a weekly basis but it 's worth to travel for good , cheap and delicious sushi ! it was also shocking to see such a big line of people ordering and picking up their sushi . they had one of those cool photo booth things in their store but too bad it was turned off . also ! idk why people keep complaining about seatings , there is a decent amount imo", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden gem with fresh sashimi and decent party trays ! definitely worth giving a shot , staffs are friendly and helpful . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ai sushi is really a great place to get higher end quality donburi for take-out . i have tried both the deluxe kaisendon and deluxe chirashidon . both the variety and the portion of sashimi are quite generous for the donburi . the deluxe donburi may be a bit pricier but does worth the extra considered it included some premium grade sashimi . i have ordered few times and both the presentation and taste are consistently great . also , their house rolls are half size roll ( 4 pieces in each order ) . it is a great way to enjoy multiple rolls at the same for smaller order . i do recommend both their honey mustard roll and ai roll . i usually order on weekdays and call ahead at least 20 to 30 minutes before pickup to avoid wait time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying this place out . neat little place if you like a quick sushi fix . geared more for takeout but have bar style table seating if you prefer to eat in . no table service but they do bring you water with your order . maki rolls were quite tastey and quality is pretty good for the price . our order came very quick as they had 4 guys making they orders . we had honey mustard roll , alaska roll , black dragon and spicy scallop roll . will definitely go back to try their other sushi . note they only take cash or debit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here during down time ( 2:00 pm ) so there was no wait . we ordered the deluxe kaisendon , tekkadon , spicy tuna roll and the house honey mustard roll . pros : price is ridiculously cheap fish is fresh ( certain pieces were slightly lacking ) good portions , ratio of rice to fish the sushi rice is very tasty service was friendly , maybe because it was during a slow period , but they served us , instead of the intended counter service cons : ran out of uni on the kaisendon , substituted with scallop ( we were allowed to choose ) the food is served in cheap containers ( im really nitpicking here ) the big sweet shrimp is slightly not fresh overall this place is pretty damn good , especially for the price and i will be back to try a platter and to test them during a busier time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go to place from now on for sushi in this area ! came here twice this month and ordered the sashimi sushi platter and was definitely not disappointed with the selection of sashimi , sushi and rolls in it . the sushi and rolls are well made and the fish is fresh . there are a few tables where you can sit down and eat but everything will be served in takeout containers utensils , which imo is more hygenic than the usual plates utensils used in other restaurants that smell faintly of beach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe i went on an off day . but found the quality rather disappointing , but the presentation was nice . ordered a sushi sashimi platter . other than the salmon many of the other fishes included in the platter was rather chewy and some even fishy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "purely all you can eat sushi grade , some piece even below par . no idea why some people gave this place 3 stars or above ! ! the rice are hot , and actually self cooking the fish inside the take out box . there should be an option for zero or negative , this place definitely belongs there ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you first get to this joint , it 's not in the snazziest plaza so you do n't expect a whole lot . but this place exceeds first impression . first and foremost , it 's not the best sit down place but you could comfortably up to a group of 6 . there are high tables and bar chairs . the food is better than most sushi-to-go places . i got the salmon roe , uni , and shrimp ride bowl and it was a great deal $ 12.99 ! portions are not tiny for that price but do n't expect to walk away stuffed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent quality of sushi but that is reflected in the lower prices . wait time was about 1 2 hour for a medium sushi tray despite it being late peak hour ( around 7:30-8 pm or so on a friday evening ) . limited seating indoors , highly recommend calling ahead to place an order and expect to do take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant is small , but very clean . you pay up front and can save on tips . i tried the chirashi deluxe ( which includes uni ) and a set of assorted hand rolls in house . a few days later , i went back and ordered a take out platter of 80 pieces ( under $ 50 ) for a friend 's dinner . they loved it too ! prices are great for what it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! great prices for great quality . it 's definitely not the freshest fish , but it 's still really good for what you pay . i kind of wish the seating was a little more comfortable but it 's no big deal . it 's close by my house which makes it easy for takeout ! i also appreciate how they replace fish i do n't like ! great customer service ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their sushi is n't bad actually . we got the rolls platter and it had 40 pcs for $ 22 . i mean , that 's the cheapest it gets . we ordered on the spot and it was made around 10 mins . some reviews says their salmon is fatty . i guess it is a little but i honestly did n't realize it while eating . their ingredients are pretty fresh and their rolls were pretty big . i think they put a lot of mayonnaise on their rolls but that can always be asked not to put on . will be back for their platters for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered take out sushi tray . the quality and quantity were both great . the only thing to keep in mind is they get very busy during dinner time . my parent and i were there once for take out but we left since the wait is 45 minus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing sushi place . best sushi i 've had in a while . it much better then any sushi restaurant or buffets i 've been to i think the flavour is great . the price is good too . the presentation is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really loving store . have sweet shrimp sushi and tuna sashimi , the price is inexpensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sushi place with nice environment . good for pick up or simple meal . price is reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can i rate it lower than a 1 star pleaseeee ? i ordered ahead for pick up they said 15 minutes and when i got there it was as if they just then remembered they had to make an order . they started making everything when i got there . what was the point of calling in.. my main issue with this place is their salmon . i 've tried a spicy salmon roll as well as a philadelphia roll . and out of the 4 times i 've ordered from here every . single . time . i had fat in my salmon : i 'm attaching a gruesome picture of this horrid fat blubber i had to see in my rolls . i gave them so many chances because they 're so close , but i ca n't do it anymore i 'm never eating here again . this is the only place of all the 10 's of sushi joints i 've been to , where i had to experience this . i 'm scarred .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not dine in . their focus is takeout and does not care about dine in customers . sat around for 30 minutes on a stool waiting for a chirashi .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried ai sushi as a friend recommended it . the sushi was surprisingly fresh and delicious . the rice was made just the way i liked it . my gf and i got the 40 piece sashimi , sushi , and roll platter for $ 25 . the sushi was made much better than most ayce . fantastic value . will definately go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best take out in north markham . sashimi is very fresh.. high quality sushi . platter gas lots of choices . price is fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grabbed take out from here for lunch today . the food here is quite good . ordered a few platters and rolls for take out . called in the order but wait time was quite long ( waited 45 minutes ) . shipment i think was running late cause they did try to call back saying they would be late but i was already on route . the fish is definatetly really fresh , as when i got there the chef just pulled a fresh fish from their cooler and was breaking it down . price is really good for what you get . the attached pictures will show what i got for under $ 100 . staff was very apologetic about the weight . dont think this would happen normally but not a good time to happen at noon during lunch service . staff through in a complimentary seaweed salad for the wait and kept checking on me and apologizing . would definately give them another shot , still lots to try on their menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a lindt boutique that is not located in any mall , but a store front of it 's own . inside the store , i 'd say the ceilings are pretty high and feels very comfortable to be in . it has adequate parking space , even on super busy nights such as midnight madness . my favourite part about going to any chocolate store is their free sample in the front . lindt chocolate is super smooth and velvety to the taste . i 'd recommend coming here around christmas or easter , especially when you see the specials that are online - e.g . teambuy , etc . for $ 15 for $ 30 worth of chocolate . there are assorted chocolates , boxed chocolates in multiple sizes and their seasonal chocolates - christmas , halloween and easter being their top three biggest annual sales .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we need chocolate for every festivalities and celebrations ! - valentine day - easter - mother day - father day - graduation - thanksgiving - halloween - christmas new year holiday and of course birthdays and anniversaries ! ! or just for yourself ! ! and lindt chocolate boutique has chocolate packaged according to the season and the reason ! those jack o lantern chocolate so cute ... and i would have love to receive those if i go trick or treat ! and of course buying chocolate at a discount ? ! extra discount if you buy more ? ! do i need anymore excuse to stock up ? tips : make sure to double check the expiry date !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're going to a party or need to find something to add to your gift , check out the lindt chocolate boutique . fortunately for me , i only work a few intersections away so i visited this location on the way home . join their mailing list and you will receive alerts on discounts . they had a 35 % off promotion from december 8 to 10 ; i was able to score a lot of great chocolates to add to my christmas presents . good for : chocolates , gifts", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you walk into a chocolate heaven , literally chocolate everywhere ! the prices are less than retail and they often have pretty good deals going on . the staff are friendly and ask if you need help and explain everything to you . it 's a nice experience , it 's a clean store with good pricing and amazing chocolate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude ! i like to browse and like most of us we do n't like to be bothered . they are very pushy . trying to sell sell sell . if i were to buy , it would n't be from them . i did get an oil change from them , and it was more expensive than what i pay from the dealer . they also tried to get me to have service done that was not necessary . most of my problem is with the floor staff . i 've walked in a few times with intentions on buying something and left simply because i felt uncomfortable . just not a good vibe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 165 plus just to check if my stator is bad ? that 's highway robbery , i understand there 's labor in diagnosing the issue , but not that much to check if the stator or rectifier failed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "customer service was good . i bought a helmet and goggles then asked about the rzr 's . specifically if they had test rides or demos . they do n't . `` but give me you number and we 'll call you if we do '' but now they call me pretty frequently about stuff that has nothing to do with the rzr . they called me several times this week and twice today . once was a person and the other was a recording about motorcycles . if you shop here do n't give them any of your contact information .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is terrible. ! we went to purchase a razor on a saturday , it was n't put together yet . so . we told them we would buy it but they have to have it ready put together and with a roof and light bar and we would pick it the next saturday at 9am . we iive 2 hours away so on the way there got a call wo n't be ready until 5 pm oh hell no ! ! ! this place sucks with communication with there customers they susposely were finished at 3pm still waited for an hour to wash it and it looked like shit . i would n't purchase or go to service even if it was free . i should of yelp before we went . plus they post on craigslist , scammers ! terrible customer service . there all about bait you and reel you in . they will ask you a dozen times if you want a damm water no i want to leave with my razor at 9am not 5 pm . terrible place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update rob in sales was great . the paperwork for the sale and finance took longer than expected . we were there for over 4hrs . i asked for the motorcycle to be delivered since i 'm a new rider . was told to pick a time on a certain date . as i 'm writing this the delivery is over 2hrs pass my requested time that they asked me to choose . it 's a great feeling purchasing a new motorcycle . nervous mixed with excitement and joy . but now , i wish i had known they were delivering it later than expected . if you plan on buying a vehicle from here , ask for prince or rob in sales , make sure you ask how long the paperwork will take , and ride your motorcycle home yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kevin serafine , in service , was wonderful and went above and beyond to make sure that all of our concerns were noted and the recalls taken care of . even after we left , kevin still took the time to address an issue that we noticed days later and was quick to resolve it . ride now on boulder highway has been great to work with and the staff has been fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i had a great experience at ridenow on boulder hwy . i had been watching their websites and decided to go into the boulder showroom to look for a used hd , they had a bunch of hd 's and we found the one we were looking for . the staff was very friendly and talked with us about everything rather than selling us everything , when it came down to dealing they were very cool about bargaining and we went back and forth a few times until we were both comfortable with the deal . the bike is great ! i am very happy with ridenow , they made the purchase process as smooth as possible , i will be buying another bike from them soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great team . chad and travis made it easy for the kids xmas present ! process was smooth and easy . kids will enjoy their rzr , quad and crf . went . ack a few weeks later to pick up another quad . chester was awesome and has great follow up ensuring we were happy with our initial purchase . jake from the parts dept . is phenomenal . takes his time and makes sure you 're all set ! highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boyfriend and i came in to do a pricing estimate on gear for our new bike . alex , was very knowledgable and friendly in recommending helmets . great customer service and we will definitely be coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to get my ninja repaired and we saw a 2016 ninja and had brad as a sales person and wow at the service he gave us . i enjoyed the fact that once we made a decession he just chilled with us and hung out and made us feel great . then we went into financing and the process was streamlined . i would only tell people buy there . they even stayed late to make sure we were good . you just do n't see that kind of service to much . they are great and thank you . derek", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you mike hastings ! got me in and out same day awesome service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely , a waste of time . got a call on the phone saying they are buying bikes back because of the holidays and are giving great appraisals ... so come on in , and they are only trying to up-sale existing owners . beware ! they low balled me on my appraisal and completely wasted my time and energy . i 'm actually getting out of the motorcycle business because they left me with a sour taste in my mouth . there are a few people who work here that do a great job , but their using an illegal bait and switch technique to get people into their stores . illegal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone , and i mean absolutely everyone at this location was awesome . a special shout out to travis , marc , jake , and `` magic man '' . they all made the long buying process bearable . would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to buy a new motorcycle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alex , anthony , and buddy gave great customer service . 10 10 would recommend seeing them again . second bike purchase here and always have great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late review but , better late then never . so i bought the new 2016 honda cbr 600rr about two weeks ago . the customer service was professional and beyond what i expected . i went in not expecting to walk out with a bike but the color scheme of the new 2016 cbr was beautiful . also because it is honda 's last year making the 600 's i had to pick one up . dalton whom helped me pick my bike up was very knowledgeable and helped me decide on which bike would fit my desires . when dalton was trying to make a deal with the banks , anthony and his roommate with the r6 ( sorry i forgot your name ) showed me around and just made my overall experience one to remember . i definitely would recommend anyone to go down and at least check them out and see what they got . for all your hawaiians check them out ! aloha will never ever die ! -tylor", "score": "5"}
{"review": "art notified me about a special sale they were having on honda 50cc , his call happened to come right before i driving out to get a used bike from cl having given up getting a new bike for my daughter . deal was great , bike perfect and now she 'll have a shiny new bike for not a lot more than i was going to pay for a 15 year old used one . if they do n't have what you are looking for at the price you can pay , do n't be afraid to leave them contact info for when a deal comes around . super stoked.. thanks guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away . half effort job at best . i was very excited about having them put miracle shield on my car but that 's all they did . i was told they will vacuum the car and make it look `` showroom '' quality . i had to have the older guy go back in and wash my wheels because they were absolutely filthy . my interior was never touched with a vacuum . i will never have them do work on my car again nor any of my friends . such a disappointment", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i been with miracle shield from 1979 . they do all my cars and my family ! ! still with them i have a 2009 jeep , now i have a 2017 m k z lincoln i love miracle shield . do excellent work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "miracle shield does the job for about 25 percent of what the car dealer chargers . i 'm going back for the 3rd car in the past 20 years quality work at a fair price . thanks , richard and miracleshield .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phoenix is fortunate to have several great independent book stores , but at the top of my list is guidon books ! family owned for over 30 years , guidon books has the most extensive selection of books about western history i have ever come across . the staff is friendly and knowledgeable and went out of their way to help me ! the book store itself has everything you would want to read . they have books about outlaws , buffalo soldiers and women of the west . plus books about great leaders like lincoln , custer and sitting bull . their civil war section is one of the most extensive i have ever seen . no greater gift then buying a book that someone can enjoy for a life time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive by guidon books fairly often and finally had time to stop in . so glad i did ! went in with a really obscure interest in copper mining and race class relations in se arizona and walked out satiated with an equally obscure book . had a great conversation with the owner about her shop and az history . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lol . i suppose we should be grateful.. my wife accidentally parked in this bookstore 's parking lot after they were already long-closed for the night , and when she came back to the car , there was a note on an envelope on her windshield : `` we should have towed you but we chose not to . please put $ 5 in this envelope and drop it in the mailslot at the bookstore . '' pretty crafty way to make a few extra bucks . i wonder.. does the owner sleep in the parking lot ? thank you for the no-tow , but seriously , you 'd build better karma by dropping the envelope schtick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "with so many ramen houses in toronto , one really needs to be at least 4 stars to stand out . unfortunately , they 're one star short for me to go out my way to visit . their soup base with half the sea salt was fine . full dosage of any one of the three ( miso and soy sauce ) would have been unbearably salty . the soup base lack substance . the overbearing miso detracted from what a good soup base ought to be . the noodles was just ok . nothing amazing , but not that bad either ( i 've had worse , so it 's well worth the 3 stars ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff is nice . the place is well designed , and the food is good . i did n't like the food so much , but i can come here again . worth the shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place for lunch , great service , interesting decor . their soup base is on the heavier side but rich in flavors . the idea of customizing your own ramen is nice ( although thin and thick noodles are practically the same ) . i 'd recommend the pork belly ramen in original soup base ( go for light if you do n't enjoy a heavy base ) . we also had the takoyaki for appetizer , and a side order of chicken donburi . overall this is a slightly above average ramen place . would go again if i was in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is simple to order - one thing - soup - but so many options and add-ins that you need to take notes so you know what you had last time that was so good you had to come back ! my favourite : ramen - black ( garlicky ) - pork belly - with a bowl of chicken on the side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the rich and luscious ramen soup pros : - rich ramen soup - cheap price - good portions cons : - their donburi ( rice dish ) will come back for more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ramen ! we had the dinner combo that includes one appetizer , any ramen and a beer for $ 19.00 . red ramen broth is spicy , hot and creamy with just the right amount of pork and noodles . potato croquettes were delicious and a beer to wash it down was the perfect little dinner . although not so little . it was definitely filling . i 'd go back again any time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "take the extra 10 minutes north of yonge to make the trek to kinton , or south to where there 's a million other ramen places . not only they are over priced , noodles game out soggy ... toppings are bland . nothing out of the ordinary .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this restaurant many times in 2016 since my boyfriend really loved the food . it 's a solid ramen shop that does n't use msg and has one vegetarian option . they have since increased the prices on their menu but is still reasonably priced . i will not be going as often , but still a strong restaurant for japanese food in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolute garbage . i ordered the original white broth which tasted stale and bordered a paste-like consistency . the single piece of pork belly had clearly been sitting in the open for some time before reaching my bowl , and the soft-boiled egg gave my mouth a bitter sensation that could only mean it had already gone bad . the decor was nice though , and the inexperienced waitress was at least polite and cheerful , but neither could stop me from giving 0 tip for the first time in my life . forgot to mention how the presentation featured a lone piece of nori placed square in the middle , strategically covering everything else . hmm , i wonder why .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the `` black '' ramen and how it tastes like burnt garlic . i have n't had ramen like that anywhere else . the noodles are on the soft side , but taste fresh . the broth is super creamy and delicious . i got the soya sauce flavour and it did n't taste too salty , but like all ramen , i was a little thirsty afterwards . the amount of meat in the bowl was okay ( maybe three pieces of pork belly ) but would not be mistaken for a lot by any standards . i like the decor of the place with the exposed brick and all-crystal chandeliers . tables are close together but not communal and we still had enough elbow space that no one was encroaching on our table . still not too big of a place though . the restaurant was about half full on a weekday at 1pm . service was quick and efficient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a black ( garlicky ) and white ( original ) ramen , both with thick noodles and original broth . plentiful and very delicious . typically i find ramen dishes to lack a good amount given the heftier price tags but for $ 10.50 a bowl , it was well worth it ! sadly i was n't able to try their famous mille cr\u00eapes as they did n't serve on the day i was there but will make sure to next time around . quick service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my new job is close to touhenboku on yonge . i was as excited about being close to my favorite ramen place as i was to get my dream job . eat here every couple of weeks ! and each time , i 'm blown away by the deliciousness and consistency ! they have introduced rewards cards as well . and you can get multiple points for the same bill , i.e . if your order 2 ramens , you get marked twice unlike a lot of places which give you one mark reward point per bill !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is always good but the ramen is not the best in town plus they recently increased their already high prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by one rainy afternoon as i was walking past . lunch service was nearly over but my partner and i got our orders in . the ramen was delicious , nice broth , great bowl . karage is a must try . to top it off they served the millie crepe cake that we adore ( look for millie crepes in kensington ) . service was excellent , very attentive and pleasant . will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service , ramen tasted alright , but man the broth was so thick ( in a bad way ) oily that i felt nauseated throughout the night ... i got the garlic broth with pork belly , maybe that 's why . still , not sure if it 's coincidence or what , but my experience after the meal made me never want to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another example of a ramen house making sub par ramen . cheap yes , taste yes , tastes like ramen should , absolutely not . the broth is certainly not a tonkotsu broth and tasted like repurposed chicken stock . the noodles were also not fresh and had a package taste to them . if you 're going to use the word ramen in your name learn how to make ramen . and who puts giant onions in ramen ? ? the restaurant was clean and the service was decent if you 're looking for decent ramen this is definitely not the place", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a nice setting and good soup with a few different choices . i 've been 3 times and tried something different each time . the service can vary a little . i do like the fact that they do n't rush you out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my very first review and and the lucky winner goes to ... well touhenboku obviously . first , i love customization . they let you pick the soup base , noodles , meat and veggies , and then other additionally charged extras . i had the garlicky broth with rice noodles and pork shoulder and it was good but tasted a little burnt . was that the intention im not sure , but im willing to give it another shot . my gf had a light chicken broth with pork belly ramen and it was delicious . we also ordered a karaage appetizer and the whole meal came under $ 30 . which in this area is very reasonable . i think a positive review is warranted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although the place and food look good , if you are a ramen lover like me and wants to go to a ramen place for a decent ramen , i would recommend santotei or kenzo . touhenboku 's ramens are just ok , do n't really make me crave for them and go back there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ooo definitely love this place ! was the first one there in the morning and in 20 mins it was filled up with a line waiting outside . maybe that could be 1 disadvantage ( size ) . the ramen ... was delicious ! ! ! had the res ramen with extra pork belly . the broth was light with a hint of spicyness . nothing was overpowering . the meats were tender . it was just plain delicious . i would recommend ... to try them all ( meaning to come back again and try somethinf new coz that is what i 'll be doing ) on a side note , their karage chicken was also delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , the ramen was actually better than some of the ramen i had in japan ! delicious soups , very hearty , decently priced , good service . wish i discovered it sooner ! i also highly recommend the korokke , they were surprisingly delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh gosh ... so yummy . i ca n't even put it into words . get the spicy bowl and an extra egg .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good combo , don and ramen . the ramen soup was really thick and filling . something that left a taste after you finish eating . wasnt able to finish my soup even though they gave a little only . decent experience . but not the best ramen in town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! some of the best ramen i 've had in toronto . the karagedon was really good too . nice interior ( maybe a little on the dark side though ) . staff was friendly enough . serving sizes are a little small for the price but can get over it considering how good my lunch just was .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "personally , my expectation for japanese ramen is very high . i have only tried the black sea salt meat lover ramen . the soup is the essence of any japanese ramen , if the soup is good then the ramen can not be bad . i had the black sea salt ramen and i thought that it was tasty and full of flavor . you can taste that the soup base was cooked for a while and the flavor is rich . the pork belly i had was n't too oily and had a good balance of fat and meat . all in all , could be perfected but i would definitely give it a 4 out of 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazingly tasty food , great atmosphere . great for a drop in on a cold day . support local !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good ramen , definitely better than kinton , imo . you choose your broth , seasoning , ramen and meat . i had the black garlic broth with soy sauce , thin ramen and pork shoulder . the broth was rich but not greasy . i would n't have known it was n't pork broth if i did n't look at the menu . there was a smoky aroma from the pork . they have a lunch set which is a bowl of ramen and a don for $ 14 ( savings of $ 1 ) . my other half had the kaarage don with his set . it was rather ordinary , definitely come here for their noodles and not the rice bowl . service is friendly and prompt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad at all . you have your choice of variation of soup base and mix . noodle thick or thin . i selected red ( spicy ) salt base and thick noodle . the soup was creamy with the right amount of spice , the noodle were chewy and right on . the tea egg was a nice extra . however , i wish it would also include an extra slice of meat . also tried the layer crepe cake . layered in fresh cream and sweetness of fruit compote . its priced right too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was some excellent ramen ! the broth is unique- it is creamy and unique like a good tonkotsu broth . needless to say , i finished every last bit . a couple things : the egg was overcooked and some may be disappointed at the limited amount of choices as compared to other ramen houses . i ordered chicken broth with think noodles and chicken meat . very good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service.. food was meh . broth was a bit cool , pork portions were tiny . not crazy about it considering the price . i do like the fact you can customize your bowl , but needs to be executed a bit better ... : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "last time i went the food was exceptional , however my second visit it was horrendous . the ramen looked like it was instant noodles , literally . the toppings , egg , and meat were soaked in the soup , therefore presentation was a definite 0 . the portion of the noodles and toppings were very small , definitely not worth the price of 10.50 . the rice bowls were better than the ramen overall . wo n't be coming back . do n't think it 's worth the price . it 's too bad , i really liked this place initially . will have to settle somewhere else . the waiter waitress were very nice , however .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great ramen place in mid-town toronto . this area needed one . my go-to is the red ( spicy ) ramen with pork belly & thick noodle , i 'll have to try other types after seeing all the reviews here ! on the pricer side but overall a great place for some ramen fix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was there for lunch today . ordered my miso pork belly ramen . honestly , it was rather disappointing . i found the soup base a bit too thick n overly oily . i only finished half of the bowl . i do n't think i would go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this place ! have been a few times and always very consistent . good ramen and appetizers ( i 've tried their gyoza and karaage chicken ) . service is good and prices are reasonable . i 've been 3 times and never had to wait for a table . recommended for a local noodle joint !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "relatively small place with maybe seats for 25 people . their ordering process is pretty straight forward with lots of customization ( thin vs thick noodles , soy sauce or sea salt , shoulder or belly ) . ramen here is pretty good . karaage is pretty juicy despite the big pieces . the cha sui rice bowl is my favorite tho .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very delicious ramen place . their original soup is absolutely amazing , this creamy chicken soup that i have no idea how they make but i do n't care cause give me some more . i ordered thick noodles with pork belly and also some fried chicken . good portion size , good price , very friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this past week , restaurant was full but me and my fellow diner were seated promptly . service was prompt and very friendly ! we got our food less than 10 minutes after ordering . got the miso base with thick noodles and chicken -- it was excellent ! hearty and flavourful and portions are generous ( 9.5 10 ) we also got the kanji chicken which was also good ( 7.5 10 ) and splurged for the godzilla 's egg -- sounded far too interesting to pass up ! : ) ( 7.5 10 ) i plan on returning often as i live in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents , aunt , uncle and i had a wonderful time on tour 1 to loch ness and the highlands . we went last month with a few others in the van which made the trip more flexible . matt , our tour guide , was fabulous throughout the trip and had such a wealth of knowledge about scotland . our tour involved a long car ride however matt was able to tell us all about the love of his country and also share some good scottish music . at the end of the trip , matt was gracious enough to drop all of us to our respective places which was handy as it was cold and windy that evening . i would definitely go on another heart of scotland tour again in the future !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this tour was amazing ! angela , was our informed guide , discussing history , geography , geology and politics ! we went to lochness for the day . you ca n't go wrong ! i highly recommend this company and this tour guide .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't have a whole lot of experience with liquor stores , but have always been pleased here . the staff are always nice , helpful , and non-intrusive . i once went with my boyfriend , who expressed a desire for a certain beer that they did n't have . the dude behind the counter immediately said that they would order it . lo and behold , the next time we went , there it was . we proceeded to buy lots of it . everything after that is kind of a blur .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the original owner recently left , and with him the soul of the store . i 'm not sure what 's going to happen to this place now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff of this piccadilly liquor store is friendly and knowledgeable , particularly about their extensive craft beer offerings . unfortunately , i recently learned that the new corporate owner has decided to close this store . boo for corporate owners .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped in to the 1st st location looking for microbrews i ca n't get in ca . they pointed me to the neil st location , which has a larger selection . thoroughly impressed ! the staff was knowledgeable and helpful , gave some good suggestions ( not only on beer , but bars to hit in town , and a cab to get back to the hotel ! ) , and the prices are reasonable ( even on california brews , they were comparably priced ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this liquor store . if you do n't want to go all the way to friar tuck 's , this piccadilly is larger than the others and has a deep selection . also , the staff has n't changed for years , and they are very helpful . they also have tastings here on weekends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason for this 1 star is very simple . very horrible customer service and billing . if you plan on calling them be prepared to hold for 30 minutes and then getting no info such as current usage , billing cycles , and overcharging . they charged me for the previous tenants usage and i had to fight with them to prove i only moved in recently . on top of that they require a deposit of a total of the top 3 months of the previous year . the problem with this is that they use the previous tenants usage as a guide .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is just off dundas on center . great food , great value , fast and friendly ! i recommend the shrimp with lobster sauce on rice or noodles , beef with bok choy on rice or noodles and last but not least the chili chicken ( dry ) on fried rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finger licking yummmmy food . one star has been deducted due to gloomy ambience . apart from this , food is awesome and heavenly delicious . their chilli chicken , crispy fried shrimps , chow mein , chilli fish , egg fried rice all are winners . you wo n't regret spending your money at this restaurant . if you are out in downtown toronto , please do not waste your money in any other restaurant . just go to wah too . the only down fall is , just like any other place in downtown , you do n't have free parking here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the lobster . they do a few different styles . do n't expect some amazing ambience or something . it is good food plain and simple .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late night drunk food you say ? ? right across a well known toronto establishment which is known as hong shing is wah too . $ 5 beers and chinese food that is made in a hurry . i ordered the hakka chow mein- which was string noodles with chicken and shrimp . very large portion . however - there was a lot of salt in my dish . like overwhelmed . i drenched it with sriracha and it tasted better . however my highlight is the spicy shrimp which tasted amazing . must try ! ! ! this place is great for late nights and cheap chinese .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not impressed . fried chicken balls for the kids came cold in the center , wonton soup a bit too sweet with bbq pork flavoring , the three seafood dish was just ok - not piping hot possibly because it came out 3 minutes after the soup ) , very limited `` surf and turf '' options - i had to order a seafood dish and add beef . not enough white rice , never got water refills . just was n't impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered beef ho fun ( my staple chinese dish ) , chinese broccoli with oyster sauce , shredded pork in garlic sauce , and shrimp fried rice . the vegetable dish was serviceable but both the noodle dish and the pork dish were pretty woeful . the noodles in the beef ho fun were a little too hard and chewy ( and thus bland since the soy sauces barely penetrated the noodles ) while the pork in garlic sauce was way too sweet . the shrimp fried rice was fine though . reading positive reviews both here and elsewhere though makes me think we either ordered their worst dishes or we went on an off-day . if we 're in the area again anytime soon , and we choose to eat here again , we 'll probably go with their seafood dishes since they seem to be popular among the reviews here and elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "get the chilli chicken , i get it once a week soooooooooo good , havnt had anything else i heard they have good spicy squid", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super lowkey but it 's so good . for $ 10 , you can get a lobster dish that you can share amongst 3-4 friends . delicious chinese food : ) do n't let the appearance aesthetic throw you off ! the place looks sketchy from the outside but the food is good ! hence the high rating of the place . :3 the servers are pretty attentive and friendly . great for groups because they have big round tables . all dishes are sharable , and thus every dish comes with a generous portion . see link for menu pictures : https : www.google.ca url ? sa=t & source=web & rct=j & url=https : www.zomato.com toronto wah-too-seafood-restaurant-discovery-district menu & ved=0ahukewixposdnt3jahuejb4khqlcavuqfggamaa & usg=afqjcnepnxdup6vnzs65q70ffsnbjmpvww & sig2=cf0mwux4dhcgomx8etmc5a . highly recommend the lobster , soooo good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chilli chicken , spicy shrimp a bowl of white rice and you 're good to go . they need to change the decor though . it 's been like that for years . renovate and clean !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great place for lunch . they have a large selection of specials . a bit drab on the inside but if the weather is nice nathan phillips square is just a few minutes away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food : a ok chinese food , taste worse than food court price : $ 10 per person only recommend if you are really really hungry and has nothing opens around you . a group of us went here after nuit blanche . only this place opens 3 in the morning . the food is pretty bad in my opinion . the portion is good , the food comes pretty fast , however , the food does not taste good , even worse than the food court or fast food . i do n't think i would come again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the crab tastes like it has stayed in the fridge for some time . the service is poor but they still cares about tips !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is better than soul food.its great food that is always fresh and awesome ! beer is cheap ! the service may not be the best but who cares ? ! you are getting the food that 's good for your soul ... i have taken people here on multiple occasions and all have been satisfied . looking at this place , you would n't expect much ... try it and be surprised !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in town for business and was able to walk here for dinner . wow ! spicy shrimp and wonton soup were amazing . the reviews on the appearance not being the most appealing are true but do n't judge a book by it 's cover . great service and even better food . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cut for men ! she answered on the 1st call , set me up with an appt a few hours after i called and on a very busy saturday . rinsed twice , styled after and was very pleasant . overall great value ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sidney is awesome ! she always does an amazing job and is super friendly ! i recommend her to everyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sidney knew what would work for me ! i received a great weave from her and my hair looks awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to help my wife sell her car with them . got a fast quote and a guarantee for pick-up between 8 and 5 . it 's now 7 pm and two unreturned service calls later . unreliable service . call center is responsive but local outlet not capable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place . you can pretty much guarantee they 'll have whatever you need as long as it 's not a classic . but sometimes they do have classics . fun place to just walk around at . good prices . just watch the women at the counter do n't know what parts are and might over charge you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "... love this mom and pops place ! the staff is quite friendly and the owner always greets us personally whenever he 's around . i have personally only ever ordered from their all day breakfast menu so i ca n't speak for their lunch and dinner but it is the best breakfast at the most decent price . while i have ordered many breakfast dishes , my favorite go-to is the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and asparagus . i must have had this dish once a week for the past year and it 's been cooked to perfection every time . the sauce is not too heavy , not too light . the eggs are always made the way you like it - i make sure i get them to soft poach them . home fries are crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside . weekend mornings and brunch time get pretty busy but it is always worth the wait : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch here last week for the first time . great family owned restaurant ! the food was yummy , fresh and plentiful . it 's a great little place to have a quiet meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still not sure how they mastered my favourite brunch dish so easily ... arrived a bit after noon and was seated shortly . the place was definitely packed . the adorable and welcoming interior gave it away that it 's a cute family owned restaurant . got the eggs benny ( of course ... ) with smoked salmon . i was n't expecting much despite the amazing yelp reviews . i have high standards for my bennies..and honestly the photos of the bennies did n't look amazing . so ... the hollandaise sauce was creamy , tasty , and was n't too much to the point where i felt heavy after eating half of my food . the eggs were perfectly cooked . the english muffin was soft and crispy ... love it . you can never go wrong with smoked salmon . and the potatos were good too . coffee was also pretty amazing . tried my friend 's canadian omelette..yum ! lots of meat in it . although far , i think i 've found my favourite brunch place for now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here on sunday because of the high reviews for a breakfast place . as we parked we noticed that the restaurant from the outside does not look modern like a cora 's or eggsmart . we waited behind two people because the place was filled , however we did n't have to wait too long and we were seated at a comfy booth . inside has more of a homestyle dinner look . we ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and asked for spinach instead of asparagus . we received our food within reasonable time and i must say the eggs benedict was great ! the hollandaise sauce was creamy and not salty . the eggs were perfectly poached and combination of flavors was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place , great food , never disappointed and the price is cheap . always treated like family and service is fast and friendly but yes the place gets packed on the weekend , but it 's worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the breakfast was great both times i ate here . the first time i got eggs benny as suggested by our friendly waitress . they were great , as expected . the potatoes were slightly soft and under seasoned for my liking . my friend got steak and eggs but was n't a fan . the second time i came i got the meal w pancakes eggs bacon and sausage ( i forget the menu name ) and it was great but i had to take half of it home . hit the spot tho ! i could n't help but order pancakes.. i usually do n't but the place smelled like them so i had to . anyway , it 's now easily one of my favourite local breakfast joints because it 's an authentic diner with a cozy feel and the food is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to breakfast place . great atmosphere , awesome food and great friendly service ... if you like all day breakfast 's , go to the valley , you wo n't be dissappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid old-school restaurant . the food is what you expect in a older family style restaurant . the food is pretty good ... but not amazing . the atmosphere is quite old and the service is fine . their breakfast is good . a restaurant frequented by the locals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my close to home greasy spoon i go to on sunday mornings when i 'm hung over . i love their cheapy breakfast , especially the hash browns . portions are big and you never wait long to be served !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huge portions ! absolutely delicious . you definitely get what you pay for . small family owned and operated . will be going back for more . phenomenal eggs benny - the english muffin was crispy on the outside soft on the inside . amazing hollandaise sauce . asparagus and smoked salmon perfect accompaniments . service was very fast and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend found this place from yelp after a night of drinking and we were craving a good breakfast . there was a bit of a wait before being seated , but after that we were served promptly with very little wait time to receive our food . i ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and asparagus , and my boyfriend ordered the steak and eggs . both plates came with three eggs and home fries . the eggs benedict was amazing ! it was so good that i did n't want to share with my boyfriend ( i did in the end ) ! my boyfriend liked his steak and eggs , but i think we can both agree that my dish was better ! the potatoes were ok , but you ca n't really mess that up . my boyfriend usually prefers cora 's for breakfast ( he 's a waffle guy ) but he did not complain about this place . i guess that means we 'll be coming back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to grab a quick breakfast here based on yelp reviews . i ordered the harvest special along with a greek salad . overall , the food was average , nothing special . however , the portions are large for the price you pay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well i took trip to valley fields today as i read great reviews . dinner was alright . breakfast was good but as i finished my my meal the server came over and asked if we wanted dessert so i ordered bread pudding with rum sauce , as i get half way threw a notice something sticking out the edge so to my surprise i find the bread tag baked into the pudding . so the manager comes an said sorry its cuz we used real bread and he still charged us for the dessert . i have to say not impressed and will not ever go back ... ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff , great portion size . but that 's all that is good . my husband and i barely touched our food . too oily , too much calories , and was just not good . i am a bit confused why this place have such great rating . maybe we did n't order the right thing , but i do n't think we will be back give it a another try..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just heard about this place thought i 'd give it a try . family place with friendly staff . i ordered the soup of the day ( beef macaroni ) for the baby she loved it and so did i. i ordered the breakfast poutine which was home fries covered in cut up breakfast sausage cheese and gravy with 2 eggs any style on the top . huge portion and amazing tasting . prices are a little higher then my regular breakfast spot . one downfall is they do not have a change table for baby which is odd considering its a family place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i and my husband have different views on this place which we 've seen numerous times on our visit to a couple other places when we 're in that part of toronto . while my food was great and i thought the seats were extremely comfortable ( we were in a booth ) , my husband found the booth uncomfortable and the food just pretty good . however , we both felt that the food was served quickly and felt as if they had known us forever , even though it was probably our first time there . in general , i would definitely come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably one of my favourite local , independent greasy spoon restaurants . very warm and comforting . the food is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid breakfast choice if you 're in that area . got the usual traditional goodies . my friends really enjoyed the salmon eggs benedict $ 12.50 and the salmon plate $ 12.50 . where i got traditional with the harvest special $ 12.00 . affordable and homey . good food . great service . unlimited coffee $ 2 it looks as though they get a lot of turnover so weekend brunches are pretty busy . ca n't say anything bad about this place . sausage was pretty oily but whatever , just soak it up with a napkin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little spot . very cute . we went on a sunday at brunch time ( 10:30-11am ) - it was busy but not over crowded . we were sat immediately and got our drinks fast as well . looks like it 's family owned and the food was very good . boyfriend got the eggs and steak . he 's eating healthy so he got sliced tomato on the side . waitress asked how he wanted his steak , he said medium , when it came it was definitely well done . i had the veggie eggs benedict . it was really good . i 'm picky about hollendaise sauce and this was creamy and thick . i also enjoyed the potatoes on the side . seating was very comfortable . everyone looked as if they felt at home here . i definitely think this spot has its regulars as the waitress was joking with people seated around us . overall , a mid priced lovely brunch spot . would go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply amazing . we 've stopped by valley fields at least once a week for the past few months . the food is superb & the waitresses are some of the friendliest we 've ever had . huge portions , amazing prices . we can barely ever finish our entire plate . everything is fresh & made to perfection . the only negative part of this restaurant is the wait times ; expect to wait around for a table upwards twenty minutes if you come during rush times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great breakfast and great service ! the italian omelette was so tasty . fast service and a smile . prices were very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here 3 times with 3-6 people at a time . today we had the ham eggs benedict and the salmon & asparagus eggs benedict . their hollandaise sauce is absolutely perfect in my opinion . it 's light in taste and not overly salty either , it 's just right . also , they know the meaning of what a poached egg should be ! the service is and always is excellent . i believe the restaurant is family owned , and the waitresses are all very nice ladies with very good customer service skills . highly recommend this place for brunch food ! fyi : they are only open 7am to 3pm monday to sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no change to my previous 5-star rating , i just wanted to add a mention for the halloumi breakfast special that i tried recently . it 's not something that i have had anywhere else , but it looked interesting on the menu , so i gave it a try ... and was very good ! the slices of cheese are grilled , so it has the slightest stiffness to it , but a nice change from the usual breakfast fare . it came with 3 eggs and toast and home fries for $ 11 ( plus coffee + tax ) . definitely something to try if you visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "valleyfields is my go to breakfast joint . the service is always friendly and quick . the portions are generous for the price and the food is always awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food and wonderful staff . beautiful place and fast service . thank you for the free fruit bowl.. for the bride to be was sweet of you # wewillbeback", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here all the time . hard to find good mom & pop shops these days . great food , great prices and great service ! the food is always fresh and prepared just right . the breakfast is awesome , as is the rest of the menu . the owner is always around and makes everyone feel right at home . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little hidden gem . so i came here with my bf right after training for 2 hours at the gym and doing legs late one morning . needless to say i was a hungry hungry hippo . the place is small-ish but not crammed . there was a small line up at the door but we got seated in no time . my friend orders a main . i ordered the egg benedict and the french toast . the waitress advises me that their portion sizes are pretty generous and boy was she right . despite her caution i ordered myself 2 plates - she was certain i could n't finish it . i polished off both to her surprise when she returned . yes i was hungry but the food was fantastic ! ! ! there was a gentleman who was presumably the manager that walked around and made sure everyone was enjoying there food . price was reasonable as well . i will definitely go back . if this place was any closer to my house i would be there every day ! thanks for the great food and wonderful services guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's family day and there are limited options uptown . i 'd passed by this restaurant before and always wanted to try it , and since it was open , today was the day . well it was just okay . the eggs and bacon were tasty , however the pancakes and french toast left something to be desired and were n't worth the calories . it was bland and inspired . we let them know we were n't going to eat the pancakes , and were basically told they would n't be replaced and we 'd have to pay for another dish if we wanted something else . so we settled up and left . friendly wait staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just had a wonderful brunch here and the food was great ! ! ! homemade hash browns will keep me coming back for more . the service was prompt and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot for breakfast . eggs benedict is really good . hollandaise sauce made the proper way . a must drop by place when in scarborough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly family owned restaurant with delicious food . i had the smoked salmon and asparagus eggs benny - the portion was huge and there was a lot of home fries included.the poached egg was perfectly made although i wish the home fries were a little crispier but overall the food was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant with friendly , attentive staff and a warm , welcoming environment . my partner and i ordered the salmon benedict and western omelette . the food was very good with large portions . highly recommended . our server , angela was excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hum . in the past yelpers have never steered me wrong but i ca n't say i loved this place . it 's like an old time diner kind of atmosphere . the clientele in there were quite elderly . the waitress was pretty good . we had chicken souvlaki but everything my hubby tried to order they were out of . this was kind of annoying . prices were ok and portion size was alright . not sure if we 'll go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food . good proportion . must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "server is rude and not paying attention . have to come back and verified our orders . salmon is over-cooked and dried . menus are overpriced for the quality of food . however , the steak was done perfectly to medium .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , the manager host was very friendly ! i had called in to see if they were open on family day and he remembered me when we arrived ! ( i just downloaded yelp and this is my first review - i had to write down this experience somewhere ) the wait for a table for two was almost instant . i got eggs benedict with salmon and asparagus while my partner got the breakfast feast.the portions of food were great for it 's price and coffee had free refills ! however , i must warn you : if you and your friends get home fries - it 's a lot . next time , we 'll substitute one of ours for tomatoes or something else . overall , it was a great brunch place just off the dvp . would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best eggs benny in the city ! you wana know why i come here ? amazing food , outstanding & quick service , warm atmosphere , great management , and everyone i 've brought here has been pleased by how great of a restaurant this is overall . i 've been coming here for years . it 's not just about food . it 's not just about setting . it 's not just about service or price . it 's about how all these factors beautifully and effortlessly come together to create a wonderful and enjoyable time ... every time ! this is what valley fields restaurant is about and this is why i keep coming back . thank you to the valley fields team for treating me like family every time i come in . it truly is a pleasure and i have become a lifelong customer : ) see you soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant . good price and the portions of food were great . location is easy the find . will go again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was searching for a restaurant open on new year 's day ... stumbled across this place on yelp and we decided to give it a try . we waited about 15 minutes for a table . i ordered the veggie eggs benedict and it was absolutely delicious . the hollandaise sauce was made perfectly and the servings were large ... i barely got through the eggs benedict and still had a full side of home fries ! service was quick , staff was friendly and food was delicious . i will definitely be returning : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i come here for breakfast . the omelette ' are excellent and the portions will fill even the heartiest of foodies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very satisfying brunch . food was good , atmosphere warm and cozy , the staff very nice . i had the smoked salmon benny . excellent and light hollandaise sauce . my wife had the traditional breakfast , and the pemeal bacon was great , not too greasy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for breakfast on the weekends . sometimes a lineup but that means it 's good . the eggs benedict are delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here today in search of the legendary eggs and bacon breakfast . was happy to get a spot immediately even though there was a line up . was greeted really nicely and the service was extremely fast and proficient . everything was perfect and not too greasy . i had the breakfast combo which was only 6.99 which had a pretty good serving size .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with the family on sunday for brunch . i was unimpressed by the service . people came in after us and got a seat before us because they seemed familiar with the hostess or owner . we ended up waiting another 10 minutes for a seat to open up since the place was packed . the people sitting beside us came after us and were asked about their orders first . we had to wait another 5 minutes before we could order . the food was mediocre . we will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place . great atmosphere , friendly servers , and excellent foods . if you are planning to visit this place , try their eggs bennies and homemade burgers . they r great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great portion sizes , attentive staff and reasonable prices . has the salmon eggs benedict followed by a fruit bowl . satisfied to say the least", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little brunch spot ! traditional home fries , crispy bacon and perfectly cooked eggs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live downtown and it 's hard to find a breakfast place with a small town feel . we will make the drive out here again for the atmosphere and delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best breakfast around . large portions , friendly owners all at a great price . $ 10 for 3 eggs , bacon , home fries , toast and coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! it is exactly two seconds from my office and i always get take away , however i have dined in before . i 've gotten the eggs benedict , the club sandwich and the eggs and bacon and all have really good . the service is quick and friendly too , the only thing is that they close at 3pm and sometimes i do n't have time to go for lunch before then . keep it up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , family environment that i 've been to a few times . great french toast , but rubbery scrambled eggs . ordered over-medium once and received over easy , which was unappetising and went uneaten", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food but very pricey , all around the city chicken souvlaki dinner would cost you $ 10- $ 12 , here it 's about $ 17 , i work near by it 's not somewhere i would eat lunch at everyday , a once in a while treat.. : ) nonetheless the food is good price ridiculous", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was inspired by kl to come and eat here . though i enjoy salmon , i have never had smoked salmon before . it was a huge hit . i have been to this restaurant over half a dozen times , and that 's all i get . hollandaise sauce made perfect every time . i have only one incident , where i found a shell in one of the eggs . the wonderful waitress immediately apologized and removed the coffee off the bill . coffee was terrible but the food was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to come for breakfast on the weekends regularly about 5 years ago and remember huge portions , tasty food , and great service . i 've recently moved back to the area and visited valley fields for breakfast last saturday - and i was so happy to see that it has n't changed ! still the same great portions , tasty food , and familiar smiling faces . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never heard of boho bracelets before i saw their sign . curiosity got the better of me , and in we went . the store is filled with exquisite , beautiful pieces of jewelry . but , it was the bracelets that called to me . the prices ranged from manageable to truly outrageous . happily , one of them has found a new home on my right wrist . they carry one of a kind pieces and will custom make something if you are not finding that perfect piece .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bottom line message : oliver smith is a class act . my watch needed to be serviced and i sought oliver smith because they were the nearest authorized dealer of my watch and has an in-house certified technician . although i purchased my watch elsewhere , i brought it to them to be serviced . however , upon initial evaluation , they informed me that the watch model had a newer in-house mechanism which required servicing at the main u.s. service hub . this would result in a 4-week turnaround . i decided to leave it in their hands to process service request . from the moment i entered the store to the day i picked the watch back up the staff was nothing short of providing excellent customer service . they took the time to evaluate the watch , prepare the service order and shipping details , and update me through e-mail . they negotiated with the service center on my behalf to ensure that the work would be covered under warranty . oliver smith is a class act ; truly extending themselves to the customer and reflecting the high-quality of their business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly incredible service , i would give oliver smith ten stars if i could ! first time i ever went to a jeweler store , to resize a beloved family heirloom from the 1920 's so i could wear it as my engagement ring ! after leaving a different jewelry store because i did n't feel confident and comfortable with the service , i found oliver smith on yelp . michelle and steve did an incredible job taking a size 4 ring to a 7 1 2 , using a laser instead of a torch in order to protect the gems . while they told me it could take the latest january 31st to finish my ring because they had such a large queue , michelle called me 90 minutes later and told me steve finished it instead of taking a lunch break ! excellent customer service by michelle and i am so happy with the result from steve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oliver smith is an amazing boutique , but more specifically paul white is the man ! he definitely took the time and attention to help me decide on which piece suited my tastes best . he must have spent almost two hours on the day prior to my purchase to give me the 411 on their pieces . no sly shady practices here ; you either want the piece or you do n't ! there are so many choices to customize your watch , just like i told him , it 's like buying a car . again , many thanks to the excellent , personalized service at oliver smith !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! nice nice nice ( did i say nice ) people . the local cartier store in scottsdale , unlike the nyc location or chicago 's , did not have an in situ battery replacement service . but i was recommended to osj by the staff at cartier scottsdale . it 's a very classy shop , no pretension whatsoever -- unlike the snooty cartier shops the world over , tho i originally did not buy them here , they treated me with class , and with prompt while-u-wait 15 minutes for the 2 cartier santos . for fine jewelry and top watches ( no cartiers here , alas , but chopard and jaeger lecoultre and the humongous panerais , tags ) go.no.where.else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can i please tell you how great oliver is at helping people ? i met oliver at his store in north scottsdale back in 1992 . i walked into his store looking for a first year anniversary gift for my wife . i noticed a beautiful blue topaz ring . it was a very clean design . it was on sale as well . i fell in love with it , but couldnt afford to pay for it all at once . ( i had only been married a year ! ) oliver put it on lay away for me . i came back the following week to pay it off . oliver showed genuine concern and asked me if i was sure i could pay for it all at that time . he did not want me to be broke over a piece of jewelry . the ring is still very stylish and beautiful . i will always trust oliver for jewelry , wether it be a $ 200 piece or a $ 200,000 dollar piece ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truthfully , i have to force myself not to go into oliver smith jeweler . i can not resist all of the gorgeous diamond rings , necklaces , bracelets , earrings and timepieces . i love his line of interchangeable earring charms . it is just too difficult to leave without something wrapped up in one of those beautiful little brown boxes . several years ago , for a very special anniversary , my husband gave me an exquisite gift . he asked oliver to custom design a new wedding ring for me . this ring makes me smile every time i look at it . creative and original with beautiful craftsmanship , it is stunning . i receive complements on it every day . my family trusts oliver smith for his competitive pricing , quality and ethical standards for the purchase , repair , and appraisal of our fine jewelry and timepieces . i enjoy working with associate , veronique , who always suggest the perfect classic piece , either for myself or as a gift . stop by gainey village and check out this wonderful jeweler !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is simply no better place in all of the valley to shop for fine jewlery and timepieces , than at oliver smith . not only is the brand selection of the utmost quality , the custom designed pieces from oliver himself make the store offerings that much more unique . the entire staff is very welcoming and sincerely happy to help no matter what you are looking for and many days oliver will be right there on the sales floor helping to guide you to the piece you may be looking for . the unpretentious nature of oliver smith jewelers while being surrounded by such a stellar collection of fine jewelry should make any discerning customer feel at home and that is why i always recommend oliver 's store to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you owe it to yourself to visit this fine jeweler in the heart of north scottsdale ! you will be amazed at the selection of fine pieces in a beautiful warm inviting showroom . the salespeople are all very friendly and knowledgable , especially paul white , their vp . he 's been there every time we 've wandered in to look , spent time with us , got to know our likes , and is just really a cool , fun guy . michael is one of their repair guys , and both paul and michael have an amazing wealth of knowledge about panerai watches . we went in one valentines to get me a cool boho bracelet ; now i own 5 ! oliver designed these himself , as well as other collections , but they also carry many fine watch brands and designer jewelry . i guarantee you could spend hours here looking for that special something , because you 'll find it ... and more ! buy something of beauty and quality you will treasure ... you wo n't be disappointed and all your friends will ask `` where did you get that ! ? ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "os 's watchmaker benjamin lam is the only person i will allow to touch my panerai for service and repairs . my watch service experience was perfect in every way . ben took the time to explain , listen and answer ( patiently ) my questions . my watch is beautiful and keeps perfect time . when i came back for a touch up on the case ben put a rush on the work and had it back to me the next day to accommodate my travel schedule . i live in dallas and could easily drive to the panerai owned service center , but they will never see my watch ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful store , beautiful people , very knowledgeable , friendly , accommodating , honest , reliable , and reasonable . a far superior jewelry store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply went in to get a spring bar fixed on a watch i did not purchase from oliver smith . i only waited about five minutes , and the gentleman did n't even charge me for fixing my watch . great people , great service . will definitely come to oliver smith next time i am in the market for a new timepiece .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this jewelry store . i was very committed to another jewelry store and i decided to come to oliver smith and that 's when i met mike . i was very nervous about leaving my ring to have resized . he told me it would take about a week , well he called me earlier in the week and i rushed over to pick up my ring and it was gorgeous ! ! ! ! ! ! sized perfectly and it was so incredibly clean ! ! ! i could n't have been happier ! everyone in there is so friendly ! i will be returning ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oliver smith jewelers has beautiful pieces that you wo n't find elsewhere . spectacular ! the customer service ( ask for michelle ) and jewery repair is excellent . i 'll pay a bit more knowing i am being well taken care of !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to oliver smith for 20+ years . he is the only person i trust with purchases and repair . his staff is top notch and the environment is pleasant . if what you are looking for is n't there , they will find it and accommodate your needs . i have heard horror stories of people having issues at other jewelers . i have never heard anyone have an issue here . i have no problem recommending him to people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! my husband an i went on a trip to costa rica and he lost his wedding band while in the ocean . well , we got him an interim ring to have until i was able to get him a new one . a few months passed before we really thought about it again and i decided it would be a great anniversary surprise . with just a few days to spare , jodie found , ordered and delivered the wedding band we needed ; which was not easy as they have hundreds upon hundreds of bands to choose from . she managed to track down the ring and then the vendor to ensure a swift delivery . needless to say , i was able to give my hubby his original wedding band for our celebration : ) . i could not be more pleased with the awesome service we get from this lovely place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michelle is super helpful ! i took in an heirloom piece that was about 100 years old . steve did a great job cleaning it and creating a great necklace and a brooch from the one broken piece . both are now gorgeous- and with an eye towards price too ! i really appreciated that . see pic ! i could n't be more pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were about to leave on vacation , and one of my favorite necklaces broke . my husband brought it in , and they fixed it immediately ... could not have been nicer . truly incredible service ! we are new to az , and will definitely return when we can purchase new pieces . many thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no other place to shop for jewelry ... period ! the staff treats you like family and they are so attentive to your needs . i purchased a stunning diamond ring and i have received numerous compliments . you wo n't meet nicer people then paul and oliver ! i just ca n't say enough kind things about oliver smith ! i am just so thrilled that i found this exceptional jewelry store and i believe it is probably one of the finest in the country !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found oliver smith by simply wandering in there one day with a friend . i had no idea that i would be wandering into my choice jeweler for life ! ! i love this store . their pieces are beautiful with just enough touch of originality to make them unique and still timeless classics ! ! renee helped me the first time i walked in and every time since ! she is honest , reasonable and not pushy at all . no one in this store is ! they all simply want you to love their jewelry as much as they do . oliver himself is always on the floor and seems to know every customers name off hand and says hello to everyone who comes in . i can not say enough good things about oliver , renee and the whole staff at oliver smith . if you looking for a unique onetime gift or a go to jeweler for all your needs they will treat you like family at oliver smith ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in purchasing a new timepiece , i wanted to choose a place with a strong collection and great customer service . oliver smith has just that . being a younger customer , i was delighted by the way i was treated in a respectable matter . veronique , as well as jodie went out of there way to help me and make me comfortable with my purchase . their panerai collection was unmatched compared to dealers in my area as well . thank you oliver smith for helping me find the perfect timepiece . very happy and will do business again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best jewelry store in the valley ! not only do they have beautiful and unique jewelry , they have the most efficient and precise repair department . the staff is very friendly and most attentive to your needs , whether it be a new purchase or a repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a new customer to oliver smith 's , but not to the valley , and was fortunate to meet veronique on my first visit , a couple of months ago . i came to the store looking for an ultra-slim jaeger-lecoultre watch . she was nothing but helpful , and honest , in her considerable efforts to help me decide which watch to choose . if you 're looking for a jlc watch , and you should be , this is the place to go . it was a bit of a process getting used to the larger watches of today , 39mm is my max , but now my old watches look too small ! i recommend veronique , and everyone in the store , and wish they carried more lines for future purchases . osj will be my go-to for future watch service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went into this store to have my watch band fixed and not only did they repair the watch band they refused to take payment for it instead asking me to come back next time . this sort of customer service is almost unheard off nowadays and if ever i have a call to make any further purchase i could think of no other place i would rather visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store is filled with unique , beautiful pieces ; there is something for every taste ! the boho bracelets are incredible with a wide variety of stones . they also have a great line of men 's accessories . if you are looking for a unique gift for someone ( or a nice piece for yourself ) this is definitely the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this jewelry store ! they have amazing stuff but their customer service is the best . i came in with my engagement ring my fianc\u00e9e bought out of state for them to check it because the diamond felt loose . they were so gracious and kind and checked it right away and fixed the issue . also checked all my diamonds around the main diamond just to make sure everything was secure ! they did all of this for free ! i tried to pay and they also gave me a jewelry cleaner . we will definitely to back ... they take care of you even if you have never purchased from them ! i would give more stars if i could .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy to find oliver smith jeweler ! -- not your typical jewelry store . fair and honest . extremely high end , great quality , but reasonable prices for jewelry and repairs . quick turn around time . excellent customer service . personable yet professional . good people , quality work ! wanda was so kind to answer all of my questions over the phone . steve did the work . excellent , very seasoned jeweler . super cool guy . very accommodating . made sure i was well taken care of down to the smallest detail . was introduced to oliver smith who is very down to earth , nice guy . would give them more stars if i could !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oliver smith jeweler is truly the best jeweler in town . my husband had them create my engagement ring that incorporated the new with vintage style and it is truly the most beautiful ring i have ever seen ; and it 's mine ! i recently was a little rough on my ring and it needed some work . i had an event to go to a few nights after i dropped it off to them and wanted to have it by the time we went . they worked non-stop on my ring and had it done right in time ! i love everyone that works there and the work they produce . if you want something classic or unique , this is where to go ! you 'll always be happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely top notch . i needed a new panerai strap that i could n't get anywhere else , and os had one . they shipped it out immediately to me in chicago and worked a phenomenal price for me as well . i highly recommend oliver smith to anyone in scottsdale or just visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . i brought my wedding band and ring in for a cleaning service and they did a beautiful job . a few months later when i had an issue , they immediately took the ring back and agreed to fix it again for free . jodie especially was amazing - she went above and beyond to make sure i was happy . i would definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to take a moment to say how impressed i was with the excellent treatment and customer service that i received at oliver smith jewelers . i have never been treated with such respect and kindness as i was at this place of business . keep in mind that i had no intention of buying anything , only a repair that was a no charge and even with the awareness of that they still treated me like gold . i had been all over the valley for several months looking for a rado watch band sizing for an online purchase that i made and was turned away at every place until i found oliver smith jewelers . that kind of integrity and kindness would be my reason for returning when i do have a purchase in mind . it is so hard to come by good service in today 's society , i had recently been saying that customer service was a lost art and to have this experience has given me hope . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best personal trainers ever ! ! ! ! ! the prices are affordable and the results are amazing ! ! ! they make you feel so comfortable and are so friendly . i abosl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place to go if you are ready to see some changes in yourself ! ! dustin and eric are both very knowledgeable and will push you to a whole new level . if you are ready see a difference this is it ! ! ive worked out for years always on my own ... i got tired of not seeing big changes and finally decided i needed someone that could introduce me to new exercises and would push me past my plateaus . pricing is also the most affordable in town", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the trainers at 10 factory are the best ever ! ! ! i have had over a dozen different trainers and none of them compare . these guys do a great job of motivating and pushing you while still being aware of any issues or problems you may have . they have new workouts every week so that you do n't get bored and are always coming up with the latest techniques to really work every muscle . on top of being so awesome they are really inexpensive ! they do solo training and group training . the group training is great because you save even more money and there are never more than 3 people so you still get personal attention . they also do boot camp 3 days a week at no additional charge for their clients . they can help you with a diet and are always there to answer any questions you may have . i would highly recommend 10 factory to anyone looking to get in shape or if you are already in shape , looking to really step up your workouts to reach the next level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dustin hayden runs a superior gym with an excellent staff . the boot camps and personal training regiments will ensure you see results quickly . honestly , i drive past 20 closer gyms to get my fitness fix , because they are worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stop here from time to time on my way home from work when i 'm too lazy to make supper . what can i say it 's fast food greek , i usually get the souvlaki stick platter . i find this place tends to charge good resto prices for take out quality . i 've had much better , but it does the trick when i 'm stuck . never underestimate laziness lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "order the right thing and you 'll be incredibly pleased ! i 've always loved the gyro \u00e0 l'ancienne ( to die kill for ! ! ) and i really like their calamari platter . great portions and service ! my mouth is watering just writing this review !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried other cleaners in town but the service here has been very good and the price seems comparable to others . i signed up for their express service 6 months ago . drop off and pick up is so easy . i 've never had a problem . i suspect that if i do run into a problem , they will fix it . i do n't get the two negative reviews ( but to each his own ) . i do n't pinch pennies , but i am a value shopper ( price plus quality of service ) . if it were me , i 'd go with the input from people who have a consistent history with them . i 've had a positive experience using them for over a year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "twice as expensive as other dry cleaners in the area , and quite frankly i dont see they reason why !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place already . had a sample of the chicken walking by with their garlic sauce and could n't resist coming back for a meal . the chicken is super tasty and is of great quality . their peri fries are also delicious . my new go to chicken spot ! great food and the prices are very reasonable as well . the staff is also very friendly . the manager made sure to come see us to make sure everything was to out liking which i think is an important touch when you have a new business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called for a pickup which took forever for barely anything . it was 50 dollars for a wrap and salad and a family platter which had nothing but a small salad and a few pieces of chicken . the place is really clean but extremely empty inside i never see anybody in there . i will not return do to the fact that they charge 50 dollars for food that should be maybe 25 if they 're lucky .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chicken is tasty but the wait time is horrendous . came on a sunday afternoon for a kebab takeaway . waited more than 20mn and the restaurant was empty ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for lunch with 2 friends and decided to share 2 half chicken meals . we ordered one with their signature spicy sauce ( medium heat ) and one with their herb and lemon sauce . things started off a bit on the bad side as we were missing one set of utensils and never got any water , both of which we had to go ask at the counter . all was forgiven after biting into a piece of their spicy portuguese chicken . the meat was juicy , moist and packed with an amazing amount of flavour . the herb and lemon half was also pretty good , but definitely a bit lackluster compared to the first half with their trademark sauce . an option of 2 sides for 5 $ was also available and we chose fries and rice in both combos . the rice was decent but the fries were a a little disappointing . overall still a great experience . the prices were ok , maybe a bit expensive compared to other chicken joints . will definitely visit this restaurant again if i pass by downtown montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was really good the price was okay the bill ca , e up to 40 - 45 $ my boyfriend loved the food so much he ended up eating some of my plate .. i recommend coming here ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here for vacation , found this place when they were giving out free samples . great if u like grilled chicken different than the typical halal places they got the spicy thing right reasonable prices quick service and freindly staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "halal peri peri long time awaited ! the menu is very diversified and they offer multiple choices of marination for the chicken ! for those who do not like anything spicy i recommend the lemon herb seasoning ! the food is good , great place for a group as the offer family platters ! they also do catering and ive personally experienced it ! in restaurant i believe they can do a little better in the presentation of the food ! dont get me wrong the skewer on your plate is very unique and original but when it come to the chicken something is missing , for example the chiken can be served on a bed of fries instead of just having chicken on one plate and the fries on the other ( just feels boring and overcrowds the table ) imagine the juice from the seasoning of the chicken over your fries ! how much tastier those chips will be : ) ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . snowy white chicken , just the right amount of sauce , spice level is perfect . i got the quarter chicken breast ( medium spiciness ) and spicy rice . i think it 's more `` spiced '' than `` spicy rice '' since i did n't find it spicy at all , but that is n't to say it was n't awesome . but the chicken . oh the chicken . i could n't even get a picture because when i came back to my senses , i had devoured it all . insanely tasty ! the medium spiciness is spicy enough to give you a kick but you can still taste everything else on the plate . on a more serious note , we did n't realize the waitresses actually do some waiting , so we did n't tip when we paid , but left some in their jar . and the manager is very friendly and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here some days ago for lunch and ordered their lunch special . the sauce was great but the chicken was not very impressive . it was ok , but not great . fries can also be better . in a town where you have portuguese chicken places like romados and ma poule , the bar is set high .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food taste good specially with the peri peri sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grillado 's est un nouveau restaurant sur la rue sainte-catherine , spacieux , bien d\u00e9cor\u00e9 & agenc\u00e9e . il poss\u00e8de m\u00eame une terrasse \u00e0 l'ext\u00e9rieur . je n'ai pas trop compris comment le restaurant s'organise pour servir les clients mais en r\u00e9sum\u00e9 le client doit passer sa commande au comptoir et les serveuses te servent \u00e0 table . je trouve pas \u00e7a tr\u00e8s efficace . \u00e7a donne un positionnement flou au restaurant , on ne sait pas si c'est un fast-food ou un restaurant vraiment . \u00e0 part cela , le poulet est tendre mais assaisonn\u00e9e partiellement , c'est \u00e0 dire que tu ne sens pas vraiment les ar\u00f4mes dans le poulet mais plut\u00f4t par dessus . malheureusement , le restaurant ne propose pas de trios.. si tu choisis deux cuisses , des frites et une boisson \u00e7a te revient \u00e0 environ 15 $ .. je trouve \u00e7a un peu cher surtout qu'il n'y a pas de grandes portions ( \u00e0 emporter en tout cas ) . c'\u00e9tait surtout pour go\u00fbter mais je ne pense pas y retourner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "simple review- `` nandos copy '' okay service okay food okay vibe okay price washroom needs repair work . spice level needs improvement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmmmmmm love poulet portugais roti mmmm , les oignons croustillants et la salade choux cremeuse bonne aussi , les frites pas grasses mais un peu molles . par contre l'air climatis\u00e9 est tres fort ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply excellent ! ! the espetada really shines , and looks great when served . will repeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm on vacation in montreal and just happened to pass by this brand new restaurant . they were giving samples of their chicken . just one bite and i was hooked . the chicken is super tender and flavored perfectly . i got something called the fiesta on the menu that 's $ 11.99 . it 's very healthy and freshly made too . anyways , i 'll edit this later since i 'm still on vacation . i wish them well and good luck to the owners . ( they 've been open for 2 days ) as of this posting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tr\u00e9s d\u00e9\u00e7u . j'ai command\u00e9e une petite salade grecque avec lani\u00e8res de poulet . la petite salade qui m'a cout\u00e9e 15 $ avait deux olives , quelques morceaux de tomates en d\u00e9s , deux petits flocons de fromage f\u00eata et le reste \u00e9tait compos\u00e9 de laitue ! je m'attendais \u00e0 une vrai salade grecque qui normalement ne contient pas de laitue romaine que je n'ai malheureusement pas eu ! rapport qualit\u00e9 prix ce restaurant est nul , je comprend maintenant pourquoi c'est toujours vide .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is same as nando 's in toronto . the food is perfect but the only problem is that the place is very noisy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good and tasty , quantity is ok but its relatively expensive . what i do n't like most , is that you have to order before you sit and pay the tips in advance for something you did n't try , the worst is the look you get from the cashier if you did n't tip on a take-away order , this is really rude : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were walking down st catherine and decided to stop here for a mid-afternoon snack . i 've read about the great portuguese chicken places in montreal , but did n't pick a specific place beforehand . i am glad we randomly stumbled into this place . we ended up trying the poutine , which was really good , it had the perfect amount of sauce cheese to fries ratio . we also tried the star attraction , the peri peri chicken . we order the 1 4 chicken ( i.e . thigh and leg ) with the medium hot sauce , it was disappointingly small ( see picture below ) , although it was tasty , and we were n't too hungry , so i guess it 's not a big deal . we also tried the garlic sauce , which was delicious and also tasted well with the poutine . i wanted to try the portuguese egg tart , unfortunately it was sold out . the woman behind the counter was very nice and brought the food out to our table when it was ready . it was pretty great service for a fast food place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had supper there last night and i love it . chicken kababs just melt in your mouth.. you can choose your spice from mild to 911 . chicken is organic ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a quick portuguese chicken , grillado is n't a bad place . service is alright . the chicken are good and the fries are delicious too . but do not have high expectations . it 's not your regular piri piri spice chicken . as i said , for a quick grab , it is a decent place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was so average . i got half a chicken with spicy rice and peri peri fries as sides . the rice was literally rice with turmeric flavoring . what a bunch of nonsense . the chicken itself was pretty bland , although the bbq sauce that i put on it did help . i also had a bit of the chicken sandwich which looked like something i would put together at home . very average and not memorable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for dinner after a long flight from calgary , great place . we had 2 kids with us and the restaurant has a family friendly vibe going , we ordered a whole chicken with 2 large sides between us and it was delicious . kids were ecstatic when the owner gave us complimentary ice cream too at the end of the meal . hurry up and open in calgary already !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "portions are tiny for what you 're paying , food very average . have zero desire to ever return . very disappointing.. poule mouille , romados and portugalia are 1000x times better , but unfortunately on the other side of town", "score": "2"}
{"review": "small portions . ordered grilled chicken kebab with two side dishes and garlic bread . food was good and the greek salad was really refreshing and well seasoned . the service was not warm and seemed like no one would clean the dirty tables", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place looks very clean and helpful staff ! they have a good variety of food on the menu and a good student special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome food & great service ! the food is fresh and delicious . the chicken pita is flavorful , pita very soft and sexy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken was incredible - very juicy , well marinated , tasty and really light . meaning i can eat a lot of the chicken without feeling heavy afterwards . i highly recommend this unique place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandy kirby is the best ! she is very efficient and even stayed late after everyone else had gone home to get out signing completed . this helped us be able to get into our home the next day . after a disappointing experience with our mortgage company , brandy helped improve our moods and get us back on track ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working with everyone at the pv branch was an absolute pleasure . they not only are great to work with , they know their stuff ! i will certainly be using them going forward with other real estate transactions i have . can i give them 10 stars ? ? ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "denise nojaim is a fantastic escrow officer ! it is rare to find such an amazing escrow officer that always knows what 's going on and is able to provide such solid options to any of the challenges that come up in the real estate transaction . denise is always communicative to myself as an agent and the clients that she has . it always seems she answers any questions with such ease , not to mention the signing session 's are always something to look forward to when denise is the escrow officer . its worth checking into . denise is who i send my friends and family too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer fields always goes above and beyond . she is excellent . i am always amazed at how quickly she responds and how dedicated she is to make sure the transaction goes as smooth as possible . she is the very best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dependable , quality service that will go the extra mile to get it done ! kathy archambault at the kierland office is the best , and i appreciate all that she does to make any closing experience less stressful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with the clear title agency of arrowhead was top notch . staying proactive with a transaction and the people involved is very important to me and my business . i feel as if this sentiment is mirrored by tiffanie marrero and her staff . they know how to get the job done and do it right ! tiffanie has been exceeding my expectations for more than 8 years with her work ethic and level of professionalism . i highly recommend them to all my clients and associates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the claims office has hung up on me mid sentence so many times that i have to wonder if they 're trained to do that if they get too flustered on the phone . their company is a step above a scam .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible insurance , shitty customer service . adjuster trying to get out of paying you even though it 's 100 % their drivers fault . they do n't even deserve one star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these negative car insurance people working for safeway auto insurance are the worst we have ever had to deal with ! they make you wish you had never met them . they will put you off . they will not return phone calls or messages left . the other driver that rear ended our vehicle had safeway auto insurance . this was like punishment to us - even though the other driver was clearly at fault- the safeway neanderthals gave us a living hell for nearly a month . we filed a complaint with the az insurance commission on these rotten business people . we hope you are never subjected to our nightmare .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very unable customer service support . it seemed to me they wanted to help me fix their own mistake , but just wasnt able . so , its my responsibility to fix their errors . i hope they can take responsibility in the future ... i wont use their services again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after reading all this bad reviews and being with this insurance for one day i will definitely will be switching to a different company without a doubt", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the place to come get your mobile phone `` fixed '' . my friend put his phone in for a repair and the screen came out more cracked than it entered with . the guy at the counter said there was nothing he could do and still tried to charge him a fee for it ! they sell other various media supplies but generally nothing you ca n't buy at tesco anymore . if you want your phone unlocked , there are plenty of instructions and codes online to help you for free . save your money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty amazing . brought my us iphone 3gs in , not expecting it to be unlockable because i was running ios5 . it took them a few days but they stuck with it and now it 's unlocked and working well . highly recommend . excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have both unlocked my iphone and fixed a cracked screen for me , and it 's been a great experience both times ! after calling around , i found that leomax offered the best price by far for unlocking my phone ( i think it cost me just about 20 pounds , while other places were telling me it would cost from 60-100 ! ) . i was so happy with the price & service the first time that i went straight back when i cracked my phone screen , and they fixed it in just over 30 minutes . it was a bit pricier ( 60 quid ) , but still less than most of their competitors . very happy with them overall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "t4t has changed locations . it 's bigger , it 's better and i approve . as a teacher , this place helps to bring my classroom to life . staples and officemax just do n't get it . their teacher discounts are not very serious . seriously , when teachers have to spend out of pocket , out of their already small salary , t4t becomes the answer to all kinds of teachers ' desperate prayers . so , if you have things you do not need that you think teachers can turn into useful classroom projects , please donate . do n't hesitate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "treasures for teachers is awesome ! they always have a great selection of materials for teachers and students . they recently moved to a new warehouse which is bigger than the old one and has a great , open layout . the volunteers are always amazing and helpful , many of them great customers by name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only teacher store i will shop at . i love that i can get board games , velcro , glue dots , binder clips , and file folders for practically nothing with the $ 5 and $ 1 fill a bag . i also really appreciate the free binders and magazines . this store def . makes the life of a special education teacher a lot more affordable- and that does n't even include the wonderful extra donation bags you walk away with every time you shop ! other items my students and i love are the random toys an ( make great treasure box items ) and the postcards ( make great positive notes home ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "treasures 4 teachers is a not-for-profit organization that is committed to helping teachers with valuable resources . they promote reusing , recycling and repurposing . i have enjoyed using their science kits in our classroom . they also partner with many companies in the valley to encourage teachers with giveaway bags . all teachers should check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! they accept student volunteers , my daughter did it for a hs project . the materials you find there you can not find anywhere ! if you are a teacher it is definitely worth the membership fee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome resource for educators to shop and donate materials needed or no longer needed . joe will come to your school or home with a truck and pick up boxed donations with a smile", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did volunteer work here on 6 17 for 7 hours . the work they do is important , the products they offer to teachers are great and cheaper then goodwill . if you have spare time they would really appreciate your help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "points for : + the veggie fresh rolls . stuffed with veggies and mango slices and noodles . excellent thick and creamy peanut sauce for dipping . when i asked , i learned they come with cilantro but they are made to order so this can be easily left out . i am one of the unfortunate souls who is genetically predisposed to think cilantro tastes like soap , so i appreciated this detail very much . not as many points for : + the massaman curry . i 'm sure this would be other people 's jam , but it 's not my favourite . just thicker and sweeter than i was expecting . i 've only had this dish one other time , from a roadside restaurant in thailand , and the curry then was a little more spicy and soupy and less like a sauce , which is what its like at sukho thai . but again , this might be just what you want from your massaman . next time i visit i 'm going to check out the classic green curry and the garlic tofu bites because those sound delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place ! not too big and not too small , very cozy and clean . food is easily one of the best thai in toronto . and that pad thai is so delicious ! good selection of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks and appetizers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . we ordered the khao soi with tofu , gaeng garee with chicken , the tom yum kung soup ( which was actually very spicy and we like spice ) , and an order of fresh shrimp rolls . the food was fantastic and full of flavour . very filling and creamy dishes . my only con was the peanut sauce that came with my fresh rolls was rather chunky and not the creamy consistency that i enjoy when dipping fresh rolls . other then that a great place to order in from !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for years i have loved everything the original khao san road chefs have come up with . but this time it was n't the taste that frustrated me . i went to sukho thai with a group of friends , one of which suffers from celiac disease . he is clear to tell everyone about his allergy when he dines out . luckily for him sukho has a variety of options for him . he ordered the fresh rolls which the manager assured were fine . they came out and it was n't until mid way through the meal that he was informed that a mistake had been made , although the fresh rolls were fine their sauce was not in fact gf . i know that mistakes can happen but this one is not okay . celiac disease is not a gluten sensitivity or intolerance , it is a severe gluten allergy that can cause a body serious damage . this mistake is unacceptable . to top it off no discount , no major apology and no remedy was put in place to correct this mistake . it was a very disappointing experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "could n't get into pai at 9:30 on a saturday night so came here instead . not a bad alternative . we were seated right away and the food came out promptly . we had panang salmon ( wonderfully cooked and presented ) and the garlic beef , which was flavorful but a tad over-cooked . spring rolls were passable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is really good . all the flavors are spot on . we got here at 5:00 on sunday night and the service was very good as well . i would definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i went on a friday for dinner . both of our meals were not great . i had pad thai and the flavour was n't great and the noodles were actually oily . it was not what i was expecting . my friend had curry and it was kind of dry . we had desert as well and the fried banana had an artificial tasting over sweet sauce . i do n't remember what my friend had but it was n't great either . the only thing i liked about this place was the openness of the space . kind of rare in toronto to have so much space between tables . i probably would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great location and interior space . atmosphere is laid back , friendly and so welcoming . food is simply fantastic , esp the khao soi ! best bang for your buck in the area . summertime drink specials are a definite must try", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so happy to have this new location open- my favourite thai food in the city ! their yellow curry is to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really disorganized service . we were given the worst table at first , in an empty restaurant , because the other tables were n't wiped yet . we changed after 5 minutes . the pad thai was really good , although when i asked for salt and pepper , the waiter smiled saying `` we do n't have salt and pepper here '' , as if it was the fanciest thing on earth . no alternative offered . i doubt they do n't use salt in the kitchen . a little container with salt would have been perfect ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite thai place in the city . i have had nothing but great customer service and great food . for the first time in ages , i do n't have to add additional chili to my food when i ask for `` thai spicy '' . i would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after eating 3 different dishes here 3 different times ( 2 delivery , one in restaurant ) , i can now say this place makes truly delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service came in with a group and most of the people at my table were done eating before i even got my food . then i had to eat alone while 7 people stared awkwardly at me . would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "come on sukho thai , get it together ! we waited almost an hour for our meal , and the people next to us said theirs took almost the same time . since we 're regulars at sukho thai on dundas , since it opened we were extremely put off by the loooooong wait . uber eat orders get priority as does take out , so forget it if you do n't want to wait forever for your food . once you get it , it 's fine . after three complaints including one young server who said `` five minutes '' after a half hour , meaning they had n't started making our dinner , and then another complaint , they finally gave us some cold fresh rolls straight from the fridge , with a lot of stodgy peanut sauce , far too thick . if there was an owner on the premises i would have comped the meal and written it off to bad timing but the service needs ramping up , and the kitchen can not cope with both streams of revenue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here on a busy saturday night but were seated right away . we ordered the mango salad , pad thai and khao soi and all three were delicious . the food , atmosphere and service were all top notch but the best part was the company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chubby big manager guy there was really rude . i 'm a fan of pai and found out this place had the same owner , so i wanted to check it out with my friends . our server was great , but the manager was extremely rude and obnoxious , would not come back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's tasty , but it 's inconsistent . it 's yummy , but it 's pretty average . sometimes it 's a little to greasy or salty . but overall , have always had good service going there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best thai places in toronto ! it 's always our go to and their khao soi is to diiiiiiiiiiie for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , service and atmosphere . we went recently for my husband 's birthday and the food was delicious and came quickly even though it was busy . we really appreciate that they can make the pad thai vegan . our server was very friendly and he did n't rush us even after we had finished our meal . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waited more than 30 mins when someone told me our table is setting up ( i was told 15 mins when i arrive ) ... waited 15 more mins for the table to set up ... waited many minutes for a server finally had time to take our order ( we asked several times ) ... we asked to have have whatever ready be served immediately because we were starving.it was 9pm and people started to leave so i thought our order would be quick . however we waited another 30 mins ( nobody checked on us even once ) and only got the only 2 out of the 5 that we ordered . rediculously , one of the 2 , panang salmon , was the one that we were told `` it will take a bit longer '' . and obviously the salmon was cooked a long time ago because it was cold already .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used to be my favourite thai place but the quality has gotten pretty bad . also the takeout portions have gotten so small . the pad thai and pad see ew is always soggy . we added chicken but had literally two pieces in it . also ordered gaeng panag and did n't come with rice like it used to . at least tell me so i can order the rice now . the garlic nuggets are still good though but it 's time to move on unfortunately .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know how this place has a l mediocre review . i came here one night since my wife and i were too lazy to cook . i had the pad see mao and she had the kao soi . both dishes were great . the pad see mao had great seasoning and the chicken was amazing . you can tell ingredients were fresh . the kao soi was fairly rich . the beef was soft . the wonton crunch added good texture . i ca n't really complain . ambiance was also nice . very casual . service was ok but fast . it was an amazeballs dinner . glad to finally have tried sukho thai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had sausage pizza at the new aurelios 6010 w craig . fantastic ! ! ! ! ! it was exactly like a great chicago pizza . their new place pretty good size.really nice in there.next time gon na try a italian beef owner says they fly it in from chicago.lunch special any sandwich and salad bar $ 7.99 . salad bar tiny but that 's a good deal.will be back soon . [ next week ? ]", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was great . my family had a great time..the food was great i like the thin crust.. i really recommend ... my favorite super six pizzai", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time and i had a great experience . the food was great and unique ( most pizza places taste the same to me ) and the service and atmosphere was good as well . i think i have a new favorite pizza place in town . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a pair of sunglasses in here - the employees were non-existent , and then were too busy calling each other `` douchebag '' and `` bitchboy '' to help me much . finally got out of there with a very expensive pair ( of sunglasses ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a small store with not many employees staffed when i went . there 's not much space to walk around , especially when there 's a lot of foot traffic . the guy who works the jeans section is one of the denim apostles , so he knows his shit , and he 's very helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "huh ? -- -- be stupid ? huh ! -- -- buy 1 get 1 free ! ooooooooooooooooh ! i 'm in diesel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in at this location several times while we were in vegas . very helpful and accommodating staff ! made a few unnecessary purchases ! ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's something about diesel i want to like ( i have one bag ) but in general , the clothes are a bit too slim-fitting and trendy for me . this particular store is on the smaller side in the fashion mall . there 's almost no clear separation between the clothing for men and women . it 's divided with a section of handbags and small goods . i only looked at a couple of purses and a pair of shoes . i do love their boots but they tend to be expensive . the gay boyfriend loves this store though and rampaged through their jeans for a while . i mentally deconstructed their store display while he was doing that . i wonder how fun of a job would it be to `` dress '' the store . my picks would be for the jewelry , leather goods , shoes and jeans .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pants , watches i love . popularized by `` dante '' of dmc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome clothes . the staff seem nice but not helpful to me . it appears if you are over 25 , they pay little attention to you . that 's unfortunate because i had a lot of money to spend there . many 25-year-old that i know would not spend $ 300+ for a pair of jeans . the best diesel store experience is soho new york city .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have n't been to this kohl 's since 2006 . now i 'm glad i never bothered to return . horrible customer service is still rampant . regardless of whether it is black friday or not , the `` yes we can '' moniker should still stand . if you know that it is a holiday sale , all of the store 's registers should be open . not just for the select few . i mean really , who returns items during a black friday sale ? ? i wish i had gotten that associate 's name . corporate would be hearing from me . but since i did n't , i 'll console myself by appreciating the money i did n't spend and the yelp rating i 'm giving . service is never this bad at kohl 's where i live .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this store . good customer service , got some really great bargains yesterday of winter sweaters brand names excess , elle . sweater normal price of 39 dollars with my additional 30 % discount i received in the mail . only paid $ 5 to 7 dollars each , all these sweaters were in the clearance areas . they always have a great inventory there i ca n't keep away from the store . great bargains !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always choose to drive past the ghetto tb at 4402 w glendale in glendale to eat at the nicer location at 35th and glendale ave in phoenix . it 's right next to qt . this location deserves 5 stars just on customer service alone ! ! ! someone i met that used to work at both locations agreed with me that things are run a lot differently in glendale than they are in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming to this taco bell my whole 28yrs of life ! ca n't say i 've ever had any issues . my one complaint is there were times i felt some of their employees in the drive-thru want to be stingy with the hot sauce ! like bruh.. i got ta have my hot sauce baby ! lol i want to say that was going on after the most recent remodeling but more recently the late night drive thru girls always ask me how many sauces i want ! as for my food it always taste good ! and service is friendly and quick !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this tb is in need of a serious remodel or just demolish & rebuild . food & staff are fine ; the facility is horrible and very hot in the late afternoon phoenix sun .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "alot better location then the one on 43rd . some times u get ppl that u cant even understand . and they mess up ur food . but its just a hit or miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always opt for the taco bell breakfast menu items if i 'm feelin ' fast food in the morning . as i 'm checking in at this location i speak with a gentleman that has a standing bicycle outside . i asked him if it 's on a bike rack , indeed it 's not . so i tick the yelp question `` no bicycle rack '' and he continues to explain that he 's had several expensive bicycles stolen in as many months ? ! unbelievably , a kid enters the west entrance only to make his way exiting the north entrance and stops at the mans bicycle ? ! after closer inspection he decided the bike is n't worth the grand heist and moves on . on this visit , which was done in they forgot an item on my order . also , if your an adult an you order the orange juice , expect to be disappointed as to the size : -", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly service . they were spot on with the special requests i asked with my order . they made sure to offer sauces and did no ice in my drink per my request . the food came out quick . what more could i ask from taco bell", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barbara is a gem ! i 've had a lot of issues with my thick hair and hated it for the longest time . she has made me love my hair . she is great at thinning it just the right amount and i always leave with a cute hair do . she is great at updoos too , she did my hair for my wedding and i loved it ! barbara has been cutting hair for many years but just opened her own salon in this cute spot inside my salon . very reasonably priced ! thanks barb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to barb for several years now and consider myself very lucky to have found her . thanks barb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "barb is amazing , she has been my stylist for almost 10 years . i have extremely thin and fine hair . i 've spent 100 's of dollars from a myriad of salons in the past , only to leave very disappointed as nobody could style my hair . barb is extremely talented with styling and coloring . my hair looks awesome thanks to barb ! i posted several different types of colors that barb has done on my hair-along with the cut . it really looks like i have thick hair . thank you barb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "interesting space as its more of an event area by the night and cafe by day from what i understood . i tried the the cappuccino here here is the verdict . crema : decent . they use pilot espresso beans if that matters to you milk : frothed average latte art : meh the espresso shot was decent and saved this drink from being a 2 star . serving is on the small size . the desserts look nice so try those out if you can setup is quite nice , 2.5 stars for the drink . half star added for the space . p.s . their website is down so only a fb page is their web presence for now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "read as a 2.5 the coffee is decent , but i 'm very surprised it 's not fair trade organic . this is a big mistake on their part , as there are other cafes that are similar but faster and this could help them differentiate themselves . they also use individual serve kraft honey , which i ca n't appreciate . provide a bottle of some decent honey , please . the service is pretty good and everyone is kind enough , but it is excessively slow . i 've watched the owners sitting down while the staff is bombarded and not jumping in to assist . the fresh boxes are pretty good , but a bit pricey for what they are . i really want to continue to support them because they are an independent business and have so much potential , but i think they need to seriously reevaluate their approach and practices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "madh\u00fcs is permanently closed , as of about 3 weeks ago . there is an eviction notice on the door , and another caf\u00e9 is about to open in the same space . it 's a huge loss for the neighbourhood . byram : i will miss your open mic jam sessions , beatnik salads , and listening to rough mixes of new tracks . kendra : i will miss your cortados , culinary mastery , whiskey sours , and your unshakeable determination to make madh\u00fcs something more than just a coffee shop . you both made neighbourhood a better , hipper , more alive place - thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! i decent cappuccino in the area . pilot beans , delicious frothed milk the way it should be ! small cafe but a power taste . more people in the area need to find this gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent coffee . super nice owners and staff . the vinyl spinning on the turntable is a nice surprise . it 's busy but worth the wait for delicious food and locally roasted coffee from pilot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool decor , super friendly staff , great atmosphere , amazing lattes and vegetarian wraps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibe to this place . good place if you enjoy pilot beans , which are roasted literally down the block . this place is completely unassuming and you would have no idea it 's owned by a famous musician who has worked with drake , amongst others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hours are off a lot of times . what they have posted today : monday closed tuesday-sat 9-6 sunday 930-500 honestly i like place and it seems to have love put into it ... but this is the third time i 've come and they 've changed the hours . ( if you need to meet someone for a coffee find another place ; if you 're solo and do n't mind freestyle hours this is your place . ) coffee is okay ( first couple of times was great , hit and miss after that ) . food okay as well . music is great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dig this space for coffee and vibe . compared to the 'bucks down the street this is an oasis of calm . coffee is from pilot , and homemade food is yum ( cookies and cinnamon rolls ) . looks like they 're adding more lunch choices which should help them build more traffic ( will be 5 stars once they get this up and running ) . my new `` go to '' place in the 'hood", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has come on the beaches coffee scene in a big way over the last number of months . it is unbeatable for space and atmosphere , with tables in the front , couches in the back , and tasteful decor . the pilot coffee will be familiar to te aro customers , and , of course , is typically smooth and delicious . free refills makes this place very attractive for coffee lovers ! baked good and food selection could be expanded to make this the place of choice on the increasingly gentrified kingston road strip . great idea with the events on certain nights and weekends , and when there is live music , it 's a draw . still some kinks to be worked out though , and consistency of hours is one of them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they start with good beans ( pilot ) and make decent drinks , but it 's just not a welcoming place . it 's clean and comfortable , but the staff make little effort to greet you and be sociable . in addition , it boggles my mind that someone would spend hours in a coffee shop and make no effort to learn to pour latte art .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great ! has great food and coffee , super nice staff , and is cozy . this place makes kingston road a little less lame ! and definitely deserves a higher yelp rating ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite cafe in the neighborhood . great cappuccinos and the baked goods are delicious . the savory pies are great too . i wish they opened earlier in the day so i could have my morning coffee there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in town for the papa 16 tournament and since my qualifying was n't going well , decided to head out to the record stores and do some retail therapy . as i was walking through lawrenceville i noticed this place with pinball machines and a pinball theme and had to check it out . ordered a sandwich and played a few games . the sandwich was most excellent as was the pinball . the games all worked great and the re-themed em pins were really cool and a lot of fun . the only drawbacks were that it was absolutely dead on a saturday afternoon when i would expect there to be a few people hanging around and having a nice lunch , and it 's almost so well done inside that it feels uncomfortable hanging about . i think this needs a little more of the neighborhood dive feel to it to be honest . i feel bad saying that as it was clearly a lot of work to construct and very well done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for lunch with man children of all ages ! we picked this place to kick off our christmas break with the little man and it was a total win ! ! ! great concept ! pinball , coffee , tea & italian soda and great food ! ! ! delicious sandwiches and even though the kid menu is slim it 's fresh & delicious ! adults partook in the scared stiff ( chicken , goat cheese & red pepper on ciabatta ) and a buffalo chicken sammie ( pulled chicken with buffalo sauce ) and it was delish ! also they have kale chips ! they have multiple varieties & they are super tasty . i just really enjoyed i could have good food and play pinball with my munchkin ! while remaining the ever hip , current & trendy mom that i am ( - ; come here for a hipster alternative to dave n busters ! the food is worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had the lattes and played a little pinball . nice place , clean , and a nice variety of pinball machines . will return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love pinball , this is the place to be . it took me back to my childhood . i seriously have n't seen a pinball machine in a decade or longer ! ! not only do they have pinball , they also serve coffee and food . i think it 's a great concept and a fun place to hang out to do something different for a change . the staff is pretty laid back and friendly too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disclaimer -- i 'm a friend of brian holderman , the artist who did the murals , and he has worked on film projects with me before . that said , i love this cafe ! the art is amazing . you get to play pinball games . the floor is a giant mural that lights up like you are walking inside a pinball machine . there is going to be an arcade with more pinball machines opening upstairs , it 's in a cool neighborhood , and the coffee was good . i had a fancy salad that was good too . one other thing -- kids love the games , but some of the artwork is a bit on the mature side . check out the photos to see if that sort of thing is an issue for you , or just stick with the addams family and other licensed games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped here on a roadtrip and had so much fun ! i would love to have a place like this near us . i would go to study and have pinball brain breaks . we had drinks customized for us at their cafe bar and spent about an hour going through $ 20 worth of coins . great ambiance , friendly people , well worth it . tshirts were awesome but they didnt have the fiance 's size ( i dont think there are many husky pinball players in pittsburgh ) ; -p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we thought it was a cool concept . however , the customer service needs work . a couple machines not in service , we lost tokens on one . wish they served beer , it was byob though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food , pinball , coffee , and fun ! it 's always nice to see a business that is n't just another insert cliche here . i 'm horrible at pinball but that 's okay . it 's just as fun to watch someone else play who actually can handle it . they have a lot of fun machines here , though i wonder how them employees do n't go insane listening to them do their repetitive thing all day when no one is playing them ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty amazing all around . if you like pinball , you have to come here at least once . when i stopped in , it was pretty crowded , but i had no trouble finding a table to play . each game is pretty affordable too . their selection changes from what i understand . a few tables i saw last included the walking dead , medieval madness and several fantastic other tables . the drink selection here is nice , and whoever made my mocha did an excellent job . the drinks are affordable , too , so that 's an added bonus . you wo n't see starbucks prices here . kickback has an excellent vibe to destress and have fun . whether you want to game for hours , a few minutes or chill with a group of friends , this is the right environment for that . i look forward to spending much more time here in the future and snagging one of their sexy t-shirts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got to take my mom and brother here on a snowy day last year and it was an experience i 'll never forget . there were a dozen machines , ranging from the 1950 's and 1960 's to more recent ( my mom preferred the older ones since you can `` get more physical '' with them - i had no idea she was such a wizard ) . there was even a game that one of the owners built from scratch ! delicious lattes , custom painted floors , and retro seating areas just added to the experience . i definitely wish there was a coffee shop like this on the west coast . i 'd be a regular here if i was local .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a hipster cool place . you can get coffee or food and study and also play pinball machines . what a concept ! i imagine that it would be fun to come here to study , then reward yourself for working hard with a game of pinball . the staff was super friendly and nice . i had the watermelon habanero lime etc . lemonade and it was soo good . it had a perfect kick to it . the games are kind of expensive ... like 75 cents per game , some were only 50 cents . it had a very cool vibe . i also hear it 's byob so that would also be a huge perk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only giving it four stars because i did n't order any coffee or snacks . but loved it . i learned the world championship of pin balling is held in pittsburgh . my favorite machine is the indiana jones one . bring dollar bills and coins . only put tokens in the pin ball machine . no coins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will say i did not try the food today . but it was nice being able to play a game of pinball with out screaming kids around . i had not played in years but they have a great selection of game . some i remember from when i was a kid and new ones like the walking dead . i also have to say it gives great value for the amount you spend . i spent about 9 $ for an hour of play time and if i had not sucked i bet i could of extended that time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do like this place a lot . i 've been in for pinball but more often i go in for the homemade lemonade . it 's so good ! the habanero , watermelon and basil is the best ! the last time i went in the service was poor from the woman behind the counter . hopefully that 's not going to be the new normal . the decor is so cool and really fits the neighborhood . it 's definitely a unique place and i really hope that it 's here for a while !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love taking my family here and i love coming here with friends . the pinball machine selection is great and the food is pretty good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great place to have in pittsburgh . as places like dave and busters do n't have pinball anymore it can be difficult to find arcades with many machines . having a dedicated location for it is wonderful . no idea what someone said about the byob price being high , it 's two bucks per person that 's nothing . a few of the machines were out of order but that 's to be expected with how difficult to maintain pinball machines are . the payrange app is nice for the fancier machines . will absolutely be back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a change ! my friends and i just stumbled into this place while walking around the neighborhood . i easily could have killed hours of time here . we did n't stay and eat , but would definitely consider it another time since it 's also byob . it was also make a very creative date night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i 'm here i feel like a kid again . i loved playing pinball when i was just a wee one . i was n't very good and i 'm still not but boy do i have fun . i love this space and the variety of machines . menu is pleasing with a variety of beverages and light fare . omg i love the caprese sandwich as well as the limited time only jalape\u00f1o popper grilled cheese ... and the habanero watermelon lemonade ; inject it into my veins please .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall : 5 stars . an authentic mexican restaurant with great service and reasonable prices . food : 5 stars . authentic mexican tacos and very fresh . they could give a more meat in the tacos since it seemed a bit light . chips were very good . salsa was excellent , especially the red salsa with the chips . prices : 5 stars . reasonable prices for tacos ( $ 2.35 pork , $ 2.50 steak ) . chips and salsa was included ! service : 5 stars . they offered me water or coffee while i was waiting for take-out . the food took about 10 minutes from order to bag . atmosphere : 4 stars . bright and clean interior . mexican music playing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your looking for authentic mexican food , this would be the best place . the tacos were amazing ... i tried the carnitas & barbacoa with corn tortillas and they were perfect ! i also had the carne asada tortas and the meat was tender but there was a little to much bread which made the sandwich dry . i added a some salsa and they were fine . we also tried the brownie flan ! you must try it if you have a sweet tooth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pack your patience ... even on a slow night . there is no drink menu and the staff gets easily distracted . but ... best burrito by far we have had since leaving the left coast ! salsa is ok ... queso was just plain cheese ... would not get it again tacos come with 2 options ... lettuce and tomato or cilantro and onions ... which works for us since we are both # teamsoap . the al pastor was flavorful , but not overly spicy . shredded chicken was soft and moist ... rice in the burrito was bouncy and warm ... refried beans were plain , but acted the roll of consolidator . they offer belly points and while the parking lot was full on our second visit for taco tuesday there was ample seating inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very fast and friendly service . the food was great and spicy ! possibly my new favorite restaurant . very good location and the inside has been updated and looks really beautiful . prices were on point and do n't break the budget .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just tried it for lunch . i thought it was going to be more of a fast food style but it was more of a sit down restaurant . i had three different tacos : the chicken , the chorizo , and the al pastor ( pork ) . they were good but not great . the refried black beans were nice . service was very good . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best tacos and overall authentic mexican food i 've ever had in cleveland area . i live in dallas where authentic mexican is everywhere , and this rivals the best in texas . btw , the burritos are huuuuge , you 've been warned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kudos to tacos mexicanos for opening a fabulous restaurant in a spot that has seen half a dozen others come and go in the past decade . my daughter , grandkids and i ate there last week and i am sorry i have n't gone there sooner . the staff is very friendly , accommodating and efficient . the venue itself is spotless and beautifully decorated . the owner himself stopped by our table , asked how our meal was and if we needed anything , and personally brought me a margarita . we had plain and simple tacos , but they were delicious as well as the rice and beans . i ca n't wait to go back and try a different meal ! my only wish is that the building was wheelchair accessible so i could bring my husband in . we were made to feel like old friends even though this was my first time there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch , love this place . chips as salsa were great , guacamole is homemade . had the tacos al pastor , it was perfect . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first time here and we enjoyed it . clean and comfortable dining room with enough space between tables . the salsa is fresh made and the veggie bowl was full of fresh ingredients . staff very friendly and helpful . we will certainly be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quality ingredients and delicious ! authentic corn tortillas , freshest salsa , and every taco was perfect . we highly recommend the barbacoa and the shrimp . this place is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . i had the shrimp tacos and the carnitas torta . for the tacos i recommend the soft corn shells . seasoned fries were great . simple , well prepared mexican food . we will definitely eat there again . i highly recommend trying this place . everyone in the restaurant was very friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tacos mexicanos is definitely a cut above any mexican restaurant around . period . start with the menu ... it 's not set up like the cookie-cutter every other mexican restaurant has where you can order # 1 thru # 99 . joaquin has actually given thoughtful consideration to what they do well and gives you quality vs . quantity of options . there are a few nice twists on his menu that you 'll not see at any other place , too . the food has never disappointed , the atmosphere is a function of hard work and is cozy , and the staff is seriously attentive . if you ask for something that is n't on the menu , they make it happen . tacos mexicanos was our little secret but i think the word is out because when we drive by at various times of the day , the parking lot is full of cars ! joaquin , the owner ... he gets it and makes this a great place to come , relax and have a quality meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a very simple mexican restaurant . i love mexican food but it was my first time at this place . the vegetables were amazing as well as the chips and salsa . the decoration was pretty simple but overall a very nice family experience . check them out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here several times . get fajitas chicken very good . come with complimentary chips . not that good . price is worthy of portions . also have tried nachos . good but did n't care that they come with shredded chicken", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our go-to mexican restaurant . great food and service . love the bowls ... way better than chipotle . margaritas are yummy too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it , truly fantastic . went one one of the first days it opened and they did n't miss a beat . been several times since and it 's only getting better . quick friendly service and the price ca n't be beat . would like to see a bit bigger of a menu but totally understand because of the size of the building . i 've heard rumors around town that they bought the space next door and will be expanding ! ! ! let 's keep our fingers crossed and let 's support tacos mexicanos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very impressed although the food was hot . ( temperature & spice ) i had a shrimp dish which was drenched in super spicy red sauce . i quit after the second shrimp . the service was on the lower side . no one checked on my son and i until i told the manager i wanted my check . my waitress vanished . i 'm glad other people had a nicer experience . i wish i could have rated this different but i had to give it what i experienced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , great service . love the management and the people that work there , always a great place to stop in and grab a quick bite to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the real deal mexican . authentic and all fresh ! ! ! literally tastes like cabo ! ! ! excellent for take out . if you 're from the area , you will recognize some of the friendly faces that once worked for our previous mexican restaurant that has yet to reopen , but this place is waaaaay better ! ! i actually watched them hand make my beans ! ! ! do n't be put off by the location , it 's a great quant authentic joint you 've got ta check out ! ! bring cash ! ! ! i was devastated when the previous joint in that location closed , but this place has helped my sadness : ) great food guys , keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really it 's 2.5 stars . not sure what the hype is but we went because of the nearly 5 star rating . shrimp taco bowl was disappointing . good amount of shrimp but it seemed like they just poured broth over it for flavor . plus the sliced avocado was one small slice . ok. chipotle is better . fajitas were standard . again a good amount of shrimp . kids got tacos-standard and chimichangas-again standard . guacamole appetizer was not good-bland and a little brown . chips and salsa were good . the place is definitely not one $ either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . it 's small and homey feeling . the prices are good and so is the food . since dos coronas went away this is the next best thing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best fajitas i 've ever had ! the fiesta fajita had beef and chicken and a bit of grilled pineapple chunks . every piece of meat chicken was tender and lean . fresh salsa being made in a blender when we walked in . my husband had a mahi mahi taco and fish enchiladas . all was excellent . clean , friendly , good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i travel a lot for my job and one of my go to meals is mexican restaurants . this place was great ! very authentic amazing food . you know it 's authentic when they actually have chorizo . i had the chorizo tacos and they were great . the queso dip is awesome . clean friendly and cheap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean and comfortable environment . welcoming service upon entrance . the food was authentic and generous serving size , but nothing to rave about . very dissapointed by the horchata , which is a must for any mexican restaurant . overall , it was tasty food at a suitable price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food here is awesome . i was in town for a training event and ended up eating here all 3 days i was here . good service as well . would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite go to places for dinner . after a long day at the game in pittsburgh we stopped for dinner before heading home . our family was visiting from nj and loved the atmosphere . we enjoyed our bowls , fajitas and sandwich . the margaritas are well balanced and flavorful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick , authentic and delicious ! we had a chicken bowl , tacos , quesadillas and guacamole with chips . no heavy sauces or retried beans that look like they came from a can . just delicious authentic mexican food . will definitely be bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the special fajitas and a lime margarita . both were excellent . fajitas were fantastic . marg was flavorful and only $ 5.95 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i tried this restaurant over the weekend . we 'd heard some great reviews . well , the great reviews are well-founded ... this place is awesome ! very clean & inviting , with a friendly staff and fast service . the food we had was outstanding . we 'll be making this a regular stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the burrito ranchero and my boyfriend got the sea food enchiladas . mine was good , but he really enjoyed his ! the atmosphere is nice and the margaritas are really good ! overall this is a nice and clean place to come for lunch dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid mexican . fast service . tasty dishes . prices are a little high for typical mexican but food it a little better to match . did n't blow me away but good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant ! great food , clean , and even better service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly service . great food . loved my grilled chicken bowl , chips , cheese & guacamole .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and the service is great . you ca n't beat tuesday $ 1.00 tacos and their food is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there last week based on the reviews and we were not disappointed . margarita pitcher was very good . chips and salsa were delicious . our server was great and so was our bowl and fajitas . will for sure go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food nice stocked bar- awesome staff this place is a total hidden gem . my new fav restaurant in twinsburg the best in cleveland outskirts for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmmmmmm , is it good ? uh yea , it 's good . really good . it 's small ( 7 tables ) , no real ambiance , but the food and service are awesome . this place is going to wreak havoc on my diet -- i 've been 3 times in 6 days ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a solid choice for local mexican food . way better than some of those plaza-type joints . this food actually has flavor and ya ca n't beat taco tuesday . their servers are always very pleasant , but service has been a little slow the last few times . overall food is very good , reasonably priced and facility is clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local mexican joint ! cheap prices and good place to hangout on a friday night ! great dishes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so authentic and yummy ! their corn tortillas are the best , love just onions and cilantro on my tacos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "third visit . the food and service have been excellent . i got the tamales special before it was very flavorful with plenty of meat filling and authentic mexican . their salsa is very good - lots of flavor . their burritos are awesome - filled with flavorful rice and topped with queso . went for taco night - fed 5 people for under $ 50 . we are so happy to have a local mexican restaurant again and the food is even better than the previous mexican place . it is so nice to see a local business thrive in this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was expecting more from all the previous reviews . the food is okay , and at around 9pm the service was not great . the tacos are a trendy idea , try them mexicano with cilantro and onion . the shredded chicken is not that spicey , and the barbacoa and mahimahi were okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really great taco salad and tacos . highly recommend ! great price point , service was friendly and prompt . food was of good quality . found my new mexi spot for when we are in town ! great taco tuesday $ 1 tacos . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , great price . i ordered the jalisco especial which was a sampler . my son ordered the shrimp and he enjoyed it tremendously , my wife the tacos , all was tasty . service was prompt and friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to check this place out for a while but i am a local and there are many places to go to have a good meal in the area so it took me a while . finally i stopped in for lunch and ordered the macho burrito from the lunch menu . at 8.75 i thought it may be a little pricey for lunch but went for it . the plate came out hot and portions were good . the pork filling was very tasty and the salsa verde was said to be home made and tasted right on . the rice had a mild taste and equally tasty as well as the beans ( a little runny ) . i also had the regular marg at 5.95 , good flavor and size . on monday they are only 2.50 and i plan on returning soon . all in all it was a very good meal with good flavor , but maybe not the most authentic mexican i 've had but pretty good and will return . and i love authentic mexican .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "third visit and consistency remains fantastic ! excellent service and great al pastor . highly recommend this family establishment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could not believe how filthy this store was . the employees could have cared less as well . as 3 people stood in line , the 2nd employee was preoccupied to putting clothes away ... not picking up the pile on the dressing room , and the trash in the store . so disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the store seems to be on the small side . merchandise is really crammed in there . aisles are not wide at all . the check out line was long with nowhere for it to go . it basically snaked through the aisles , so you could n't get even get to look at some clothes . they do run good sales now and then , with some really affordable clothes . really cool and funny graphic tees for little kids that stay up to date with what 's trendy important to them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they 've got boys ' clothes . they 've got girls ' clothes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to buy boots for the girls . pretty uneventful . looks like the cast from any disney show stocked the entire place . staff was nice and helpful . the girls jumped up and down at every glittery thing they saw . oh , and `` can i get this , daddy ? '' was the question of the day followed by the official response of the day , `` hell no ! '' by me . oh wait , you mean this is the same exact review for http : www.yelp.com biz p-s-from-aeropostale-pineville # hrid:8cycftibywz9x9z841mq_g src : self", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting it was dirty and gross the manager even came by our table but no one picked up the sausage that was next to our table the entire time we were there we watched person after person walk over the sausage some even stepping on it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will be working on a contract in mentor , ohio for six months so my mom and i made a quick run from the detroit area to check out mentor . max & erma 's was really busy so we decided to check out the home town buffet which was on the other side of the parking lot . we were pleasantly surprised with the quality and selection of food . everything was plentiful , at the right temperature and tasted good . there was a wide selection of quality food . usually the steak is not of good quality at a buffet but the steak here was cooked and seasoned well ... i loved it ! i also had fried chicken ... excellent again . what i really liked was home-made desserts like carrot cake and banana pudding , it was moist and delicious . overall , a wonderful dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the interior could use some updating , here 's tears in some of the seats . the bathrooms are typically low on supplies . there 's often two to three items i 'm unable to eat because it tastes room temperature . there 's been food items that have been freshly placed on the buffet and have tasted lukewarm . i like the variety of options at a buffet , but temperature is important to me . i 've never understood the additional charge for a beverage . why is n't it included in the buffet pricing ? i 'm unable to locate pricing on the webpage . the employees are pleasant and helpful . the deserts are yummy . the ice cream machine has been down on several visits . one time , it was vanilla ice cream with orange sherbet twist as the only option . i would come more often if there was some improvements to the place . i love the fried chicken", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a dump , the food would be right at home in a prison . we paid , looked at the food and not one thing looked good . went back to the cashier for our full refund . bye bye and never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food selections , quality and cleanliness . definitely worth visiting . reasonably priced with friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here thanksgiving day and arrived at 3pm and the restaurant said they would be open until 4:30pm . there was n't any turkey or ham left at the carving station and i asked the employee if they would be bringing out any more meat and he said `` no '' . i told my boyfriend this information and he was as upset as i was . it was our understanding that they would be keeping the food options full until they closed . my guy asked to speak with the manager , calvin williams , to get his money refunded to him . baaahumbug and shame on you , hometown buffet", "score": "1"}
{"review": "booked your hair cut with jason , and you wo n't be disappointed ! have my hair done by jason for years , never disappointed , very patient and friendly hairstylist , very detailed and patient even when it get busy ! very good hair cut , great atmosphere : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place on yelp , booked an appointment on saturday but was somewhat disappointed . my intention was to get bayalage . when i arrived they told me bayalage would take too long and i needed two separate appointments , so i only got colour to cover a few white hairs that are sprouting from my head . was disappointed because i would have to arrange for child care for my baby again . there is a slight language barrier . however , the service and ambience is top notch . super comfy hair washing stations . i paid $ 140 for colour and another $ 55 for the cut . tax and tip came to $ 245 . nothing special about the haircut and the colour faded after 2 weeks . definitely wo n't be coming back here again . since it took so long might as well make the trek to my regular stylist downtown which can do a much better job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 've ever gotten a haircut that so much care was put in . i have very short hair ( undercut ) and most hairdressers just do that part with a machine in 2 minutes . at this place however , jason took about 15 minutes for the undercut alone , he put a lot of effort into it . i also got my hair coloured and they discussed in much detail with me what colour would receive which result . the place is super new and it 's a very open and modern atmosphere and i really liked it . however you should be prepared to pay more than at other places , my haircut ( cut , colour , style for short hair ) was about $ 160 plus tip . that being said , you definitely get what you pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hairstylist jason was amazing . he made my dream come true , the hair that i always wanted . despite my impulsive decision on doing highlights last minute , he managed to pull it through . i truly love it , it felt like a makeover . he even gave me some suggestions on the hairstyle and advice of maintaining my highlights . i highly recommended everyone to come here to get their hair done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here on a weekday ( booked the appointment on the day of ) william carefully cut my dry and damaged hair . the service was good , and results were even better . the decor was quite nice too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hair salon experience ever ! once i stepped into the maza , i fallen instant love in its interior design and warm service . jason is a very talented hair stylist . he listened to all i asked and gave recommendation . he is very experienced and has very good sense of beauty . if you are looking for bring the best of you to the front , ask for jason from the maze hair salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually write reviews but i thought it was worth writing a review for . i had really long hair and i needed most of it to be cut off . i googled some salons in the area and i saw maze hair salon online . i thought i 'd give it a go because i just needed somewhere close by . i went today at noon and got a wash , cut and styling . there is a very slight language barrier ( i did n't talk much ) but they do understand most english to do their job haha . the salon was nice , the cut is great , the styling was cute too ! thanks william n_n . price was higher than expected but i think you 'd be in for a good treat if you tried them out . you 'll most likely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! i 've been here a number of times since starting school in september , and each time has been exceptional . seasonal menu , with always the freshest fish and unique , interesting creations . the mussels are to die for ! a must-have here . friendly staff . great food . great ( cheap ) prices , especially for the quality and type of food ! oh , and it tends to get crowded on weekends ( rightly so ) , so be sure to make a reservation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need a break from the usual routine of pub lunches on a saturday i 'd recommend you try this place . price-wise its pretty reasonable though be advised , if you 're expecting a typical 14 inch long pile of batter-covered white fluff and chips you 'll be disappointed . food is simple but flavoursome , and is n't going to bloat you out for the rest of the day due to well managed portion sizes . the wine is reasonably priced and staff have always seemed cheery and attentive . looks like this place is here to stay , a great addition to rose street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after having an incredible ( seafood ) dinner at amore dogs , the boy and i decided to give seadogs a try for lunch whilst out in the area . the lunch menu is quite cheap , but also rather limited - primarily fish & chips , cullen skink , sardines on toast and a few other things that looked forgettable . the boy ordered smoked hake fish & chips , which looked ( and apparently was ) quite delectable , although the portion was a bit on the small side . i had the smoked mackerel caesar salad , and while it was tasty , the portion was , again , tiny . it 's a salad ! i left hungry and vaguely disappointed . the vodka tonic the boy ordered did n't even fill up the glass and tasted just like tonic . at nearly \u00a34 , it was a weak drink ... just like the rest of the meal . while lunch is cheaper , the portions suffer . we may give seadogs another try for dinner , but for lunch , it 's a swing and a miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another one of my favourite spots in edinburgh . i love how the dishes are reasonably priced , the menu being traditional but with a modern twist , friendly service , and the crazy dog theme ! so far tried the dogs and seadogs ... amore dogs next i guess ! next will be going for their fish n ' chips ... i like how they got a good selection of fish plus different coating you can have on them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the fish and chip for lunch . tartare sauce was great as it 's subtle and complemented the mild hake . and i like the smoky flavor of the hake . price is right for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoyed it here , haddock and chips with mushy peas with a glass of white on the side . bliss", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm growing to love this place more and more , as on my most recent visit i decided to finally eat the mushy peas . for years the similarity in appearance they have to the contents of your hankie during a bad cold have put me off , but i 've just found out what i 'd been missing on all these years . e-bot 's plaice supper was perfectly good , but my smoked hake maybe stole it 's thunder a bit by being both tremendous and a slightly unusual taste for fish and chips . i thinks she liked it as well as she kept sneaking bits from my plate as soon as my greedy face was turned . the owner is pure rock 'n ' roll too . fantastic place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving this spot 5 stars , not because the food was that spectacular ( though really good ) , but because this place has a very hard to accomplish balance of cool , down-to-earth , and good , yet inexpensive , seafood . we had the barley paella , a goats cheese beet hot smoked salmon salad , a small portion of fish and chips , and cranberry cheesecake . the highlights for me , definitely , were the salad and the cheesecake . i devoured the salad , which was tangy , fresh , and homestyle in a really good way . the cheesecake , however was divine . like , something to dream about . and i am not a huge cheesecake fan . it was smooth and creamy like marscapone cheese , with a most delicious and buttery graham crust . the cranberry compote on top was really fresh tasting and not overly sweet . this dessert is a real winner . i 'd definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting edinburgh . plus , our waiter looked like a swarthy fisherman , which always helps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love seafood and do n't want to spend a fortune on it , this is the place to go . it is one of the dog restaurants in edinburgh . i would also recommend you try the others , each has a different cuisine , but all of them have great food at good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my trip to seadogs , the seafood outlet from the dogs kennel . they served me two lovely dishes , both featuring excellent smoky fish . overall , we said : `` i was every bit as impressed by seadogs as i had been with amore dogs . they serve really well-executed dishes , in smart settings , with relaxed , helpful , cheery service . as i 'd said with amore dogs , this is just the kind of place that i 'd bring friends and family visiting from out of town , as it 's a sure-fire crowd pleaser . i look forward to visiting again , soon . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't emphasise enough how much i love seafood . i . love . it . so this review might be a tad on the biased side as a seafood restaurant with the same feel as the dogs makes me a very happy erm.. puppy . instead of just fish and chips you chose which fish will be battered , including some of the more eco-friendly options as our world 's haddock and cod supplies are in danger of being over fished . if you pop along at a time when rose street is n't filled with lunatics then you 're headed for a superb afternoon as most things come in smaller portions so if you plan it right you can almost have a scottish fish tapas , or if you 're willing to accept the food-coma ; get into the fish pie for one person , two or four.. genius !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really surprised one fine afternoon to find that my beloved groggs was now a seafood restaurant called 'seadogs ' and looked surprisingly chic ! what happened groggs ? ! nostalgia aside , i was intrigued by this place because it looked to nice . the creamy exterior and subtle signs made me want to find out more . the menu looked good , so in i went ! you wo n't be disappointed with seadogs . it 's as good a fish restaurant as you 'll get ! ok , there is an absolutely brilliant fish restaurant further down rose street , but seadogs beats it on price for sure . what i really liked to see is that they have incorporated the fishing quota pandemics into their service . i grew up in a fishing town , so am well aware how important it is not to over-fish etc etc , so it was good to see their caring side . overall , a lovely place to come to , it 's hip-hop-and-happening ( as my dad would say )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has been there forever and i 've used it several times . they have huge selection of frames and the gentleman was very good at helping me narrow my search . very good results and prices that were literally 1 3 or anywhere else i looked . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a little skeptical at first because its a little hole in the wall restaurant . i think it 's family owned & operated . the inside was small and had three tables , but there was damage done to the tables . there is n't a waiter or anything , you order at the window and you 're pretty much on your own after that . after my experience , i have to say , it was very delicious . the golden wings were boneless , not over cooked and the sauce was so tasty ! not sure if this was a home made sauce , but it sure was good . the cheese steaks were good , definitely greasy and filling . i could agree to their award winning . the only down side , was that this place was pricey . for what the food was , it should n't have been so pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best , most authentic cheesesteak you can get on this side of town , and the wings rock as well . my suggestion , though- get the traditional bone-in wings ... .especially with the sweet chili sauce . also , i have encountered the `` not open not answering phones '' issue , which does suck when it happens , but when they are open and ready to serve , they do n't disappoint . i 'm not gon na fault them with taking away a star for this , because their food is great enough to deserve 5 stars ... just be aware that the issue at hand might happen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order from wingettes often because i like wings and i like that they deliver . if they answer and are open then the food is pretty good . however it has happened several times in the past few months that i have lived in phoenix that they do not answer during scheduled business hours . this has happened twice this week ... it 's frustrating and i 'm considering finding another wing spot to order from . if you decide to go with wingettes , always have a plan b and be ready to use it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "still on the search for great wings in this city , i found wingettes on yelp and decided to try it based on previous reviews . small , clean mom & pop business . i ordered bone-in parmesan garlic wings , and boneless sweet chili wings to go . the woman who answered the phone was nice , and told me i can mix and match wing types seasonings , which was nice . she told me the wings were extra big this week so they would take a little bit longer to cook ( i love it when i 'm surprised with larger than average meat ! ) . when i arrived i was promptly and courteously greeted , and the owners struck up a conversation . i asked for my wings crispy and they were cooked perfectly crispy on the outside , moist and juicy and perfectly done on the inside . they serve fresh wings , not frozen , which makes a difference in the flavor i think . best wings i 've had in phoenix so far . great food , appropriate prices , friendly service . thanks wingettes , i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is excellent . i had the garlic parmesan bone-in wings and they were fabulous . i asked for them crispy and they were wonderful , dusted with actual parmesan and not some weird parmesan sauce . the philly is the best i 've had around . i got it with provolone and pepperoncinis . the meat is tender and the sandwich melts in your mouth . i wish i could get it with grilled green peppers instead though as the pepperoncinis were a little hot . i love love love this place ! definitely worth checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liked the wings and cheesesteak very much , but they are closed mondays and oddly today , tuesday , they are closed again . wondering if they are still in business . update , closed again today so i tried looking around the net for more info . i found their facebook page with the following text message addressing customers ... ______ posted tuesday april 9th via mobile the wingettes family is flying the coupe this week ! we are closed from the 9-15th . we will be back open for business on the 16th to fill your chicken wing cravings ! thanks you : ) ______ all i can say is i ca n't see them lasting long here . i hope i 'm wrong because they did have some good food . but seriously , no sign on the door , no message when calling them . all you get is a dark store and a voice-mailbox full message . sadly , i do n't think they are very serious about business . for this reason i am reducing my 4-star rating to 3-stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wingettes was recommended in the arizona republic and my wife and i tried it tonight . a quaint restaurant run by a family . they are committed to the business and it shows by how they talk about their food . we tried the regular philly cheese steak sandwich and the works sandwich . first , this restaurant uses cheese whiz and that is the only cheese that should be on a philly . the meat was tasty and tender , the bread rolls were soft and just the right size ... i think they fly the rolls in from philadelphia . the works , although not a traditional cheese sandwich was delicious and the regular was as near as i have ever had in arizona to a philadelphia cheese steak . ( i have eaten philly cheese in philly and this restaurant is right on the recipe . ) i recommend wingettes highly . i will return and try their wings . i will bring family to try their delicious food . great people , great food , reasonable price for a high quality sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there wings were pretty great ! i 'd definitely order from here again . we tried the bbq , sweet chili , garlic parmesan , and medium . my favorite was definitely the sweet chili and the medium . hubby liked the medium and bbq most . only complaint is that their blue cheese kind of tasted like ranch and that their garlic parmesan needed more parmesan on it . the taste on it was pretty faint . other then that they were good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty much the best cheesesteak in phoenix . wings are pretty good ; nice crunch and they do n't taste frozen or stale . really the cheesesteak is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place tonight randomly on yelp ! glad i decided to try it . the food was great ! ! i had an order if bone in wings , cheese fries , & the works philly cheese steak ! the restaurant is small & clean great for carry out & delivery but there are a few tables to stay & eat . the employees were very nice & friendly ! ! i will be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "left a pamphlet at my door . i 've tried to call 10 times and ca n't get through . good for them in terms of sales . but do n't over do it if you ca n't follow through . get a couple lines or a voicemail . # badfood", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just tried wingettes for the first time tonight . the boneless wings were really good sized and very tender . the three sauces we tried were great ( medium , hot , and garlic parmesan ... very garlic-y ! ! ) the cheese steak was good too . we got our order carry out so the bread was a little soggy after making the trip to our house and sitting for about 10 minutes . i think it would be far better dine-in . regardless of the bread , the cheese steak was very flavorful . all in all we would definitely come back for more wingettes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried here several weeks ago , and had the same experience others : closed . we should have left well enough alone . we went back today and while the open sign was lit , the front door was locked . the side door was open though ( this was around 12:15pm , no noticed before then ? ) . ordered honey bbq wings and a cheesesteak . the cheesesteak tasted like hamburger & cheese whiz , the wings had definite freezer burn , we threw away more than half . we wo n't be back , but we are pretty sure they wont be there long either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "l-a-z-y ! ! ! ! i was ready to spend a good $ 50- $ 60 and they said i 'm out of their delivery range . looking at my gps , they 're 4.4 miles away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spend $ 40 for dinner and i get bad mushrooms and over sauced wings . when i call i get a $ 15 coupon ... .. i think not . steer clear of this hole in the wall .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always excellent food and atmosphere . best philly around this area ! wings are rocking it too . it 's a must go too for mouth watering wings . we never have issues with them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had cheesesteak sandwiches delivered after a long day . freakin amazing . even better was the customer service . both the girl that took my order and the delivery guy were extraordinarily sweet . i 'll definitely be back . often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my 2nd order from wingettes ( wanted to ensure 1st time was not a fluke ) . put it this way , these are the best wings ( bone in ) in the greater phoenix area along with those from firehouse ( tempe , i have n't been to the one in scottsdale ) . wingettes has awesome sauces ( i got sweet chili and medium ) and a wonderful house mande blue cheese sauce that blends perfectly with whatever sauce you get . i do wish the wings were meatier ( only characteristic holding them from 5 stars ) . definitely recommend wingettes to anyone that has a craving for wings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuumm ! ! i had the west coast cheese steak ( minus mushrooms ) & medium wings . the cheesesteak was amazing ! the owner or cook ( not sure which , maybe both ) came out & showed us what chicken & beef he would be using . all fresh & perfect . thought that was a nice touch . wings were pretty good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wings were tasty . ordered by phone and 10 minutes later we took our delicious smelling wings home . asked for extra crispy , but they steamed up up in the boxes . sill tasted very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i once gave this place an amazing review and ordered plenty of times until tonight not only did they jack their prices up they changed their chicken to some almost undeniable crap , i will never order from here again and i see this place closing down pretty quickly.. disgusting ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty ok. great if you 're hungover and want food delivered . picked up once and was not at all impressed with the location or decor . it seems to be family owned which means i got to experience them getting snippy with each other as i waited . i asked for medium wing sauce mixed with honey mustard and was told by the girl that it probably would n't be good and that i would n't like it . pretty sure i would n't have ordered it that way if i did n't like my wings that way ... meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after searching relentlessly for great wings in ne phoenix , i happened to come upon a flyer left on my front door for `` wingettes '' . after trying some questionable wings from various other restaurants , i figured `` what the heck '' . we ordered 20 wings , 1 2 medium and 1 2 hot . let me tell you , the hot were h-o-t , but those and the medium were so delicious ! not only were they delicious , but they were also a good size for wings , as we have been to some places where the wings were ridiculously small . i 'm glad we tried this place and look forward to frequenting here during the football season , or whenever we get the cravings for wings ( which is every other weekend ) ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was so amazing . the wings had the right flavor and heat and the cheesesteak was amazing . they have actual wiz ! ! i got delivery and we asked the guy if he could do hot wings and medium drums and we were told that they could not do it . when we got the delivery by the guy who took our order he told us he split them up for us because we seemed nice on the phone ! he was very personable and kind . we will most definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! we had wings - hot & sweet chili , the sampler which consists of poppers ( cheddar ) , mushrooms , zucchini , mozzarella sticks , and onion rings as well as a cheesesteak . everything was amazing ! they beer batter the fried foods and everything tastes fresh , not frozen . the prices are pretty good but i think the sampler is a tad pricey . this is absolutely a locally owned place ( which makes it better ) ; they 're closing down all next week to attend country thunder , lol . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cheese steak i 've found in phoenix and the wings are very good as well . the area is n't the best and a bit hidden in a strip mall but well worth it . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order from this place quite often and the wings are good but there service is not . the last 3 times i ordered from here , they were almost 30 minutes late and the wings were barely warm . hardly seems worth the money when they deliver food that tastes like its been sitting for a while", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's saturday evening and my husband took over the kitchen for a project he 's working on which means take-out for dinner , flutteryay ! i ordered delivery from their website because racecar . received the confirmation a few minutes later for a steak & cheese philly sammich , 10 mild wings , and 1 can of soda , s'all good man . delivery guy knocks on my door about 30ish minutes later and delivers me a delicious sammich , nomtastic wings , and apologizes while handing me a 2 liter of soda stating that they ran out of cans , awesome ! i opened the boxes to see double-bite-sized nuggets of saucesome . be forewarned , their version of mild is pretty spicy . they did pair well with my homemade ranch dressing which helped a bit in handling the heat . then i unwrapped a tube of meaty cheesy goodness on a roll that seemed to melt in my mouth with each bite . i am happily stuffed . tl ; dr for the ridiculously lazy . the place has good food and decent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very saucy wings , this is n't necessarily a bad thing . the wings were well fried , not overdone . the garlic parmesan i got was just wayyyy tooo much parmesan and garlic on it . i love garlic . believe me i do , but i tasted this for a week after ... i will come back if i have a wing craving , but the flavors are lacking in my mind . more better flavors could mean more stars ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been searching for a good sandwich place that delvers for a little while and these folks dropped off a flyer on my door and thought i would give them a shot . they have really reasonable prices and a decent selection of different entrees and sandwiches . i places and order from their online coupon area for 22 bucks you get 2 sandwiches any 2 apps and a 2 liter of coke . we ordered the cheesy philly which was super cheesy and the bread was nice and soft . we also ordered the steak and cheese fries and onion rings . i love that even with delivery the onion rings and fries were still nice and crispy . nice beer batter on the onion rings and the steak and cheese fries were just what you would expect . chunks of diced steak with plenty of whiz . fast delivery too . great experience and will order from them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wings are fabulous ! we 've tried the parm-garlic , spicy chili and hot - all very , very good . so good , in fact , that we went back a second night in a row for more ! wings are meaty , crispy and obviously not frozen previous to frying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we loved this place ! the wings are awesome and they have all different types of sauces and the philly 's are n't too bad either ! i had the west coast philly with beef and it was delicious , did i feel guilty after eating ? yes , but i would do it again ! my boyfriend had the the works and loved his too . i do have to say if you get wings , one regular is enough to split between 2 people ... we both had leftover . there prices are right on point in my opinion as well . did i mention they deliver ? ! philly cheese steak and wings right to our door !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have ordered 5 times in the last month and exceptional every single one of them . by far the best philly in phx . thanks for the awesome service ! oscar & felix of n phx", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really dont understand what people think is so great about this place . the cheesesteak and fries are mediocre at best . maybe i will try the wings for my second groupon deal that came in the package but the prices across the menu are astronimical too . you can spend $ 12+ and it doesnt even come with a soda . the only reason i gave this place a second chance was because of the groupon . my first experience initially turned me away due to price but decided to venture over anyway , then i stood at the counter for 5 minutes and the people behind the counter were too busy to acknowledge anyone was there so i walked out . at least with the groupon you can actually get lunch at a reasonable price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best cheese steaks in town , hands down ! ! ! ! no joke , very fresh meat , many options to customize your order , and while u may pay a lil more than other spots , its worth every penny ! ! just writing about it makes me want another ! go enjoy one , now ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so i was lazy again and ordered from them again . one thing to add : do n't order the churros . completely stale . the rest of the food was still good and since the churros were free i 'm not downgrading their review but stick with the wings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little hole in the wall ... big city taste ! ! employees were cheerful and fun . grabbed take out and the food was just as fresh when we got home . amazing wings and cheesesteak sandwiches ! definitely will be back ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best damn movers ... i called in the late morning thinking it would be a miracle to get help unloading a 15 ' and half of a 17 ' uhaul trucks same day ... miracle came true because not only did they have no problem fitting us in spencer who i talked to made sure he had all the information to the house and even doubled checked everything to be sure i was set ... they came out that evening and unloaded both in two hours ... no lie ... two hours is all it took these two awesome guys ... i do n't know how they did it in such short amount of a time but they were awe-inspiring ... i plan on telling everyone about seven brothers moving because they literally are the best damn movers in las vegas ... possibly the world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called seven brothers for a quick furniture move and i got an immediate response from tristan . i rented the truck and tristan and a helper showed up to do the heavy work . they immediately got busy ... ..not wasting a minute . they moved a monstrous murphy bed with care and not a scratch on the walls or the bed.tristan and company are great ! i will always call seven brothers when a move arises . thank you tristan and company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used them to move some furniture and help with cleanup . tristan and his crew went above and beyond to make sure my valuable antique furniture was properly transported and i got ta say the place was spotless after the cleanup . would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very responsive and transparent . both guys hustled the entire time . i 'd definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the best we were moving on a hot day in july and they were professional , honest , quick , helpful , and took great care of our stuff . i would recommend them for any moving help you need and the next time we do this they will be our first call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! tristan called to confirm moving times 3 days prior and i really appreciated the courtesy ! highly recommend this moving company . the 2 guys who showed up were on time , as promised and got the job done in about an hour . they did n't just throw my stuff in , they took their time to maneuver my belongings so nothing would get damaged . im very happy and i appreciate their help ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from start to finish was a phenomenal experience with seven brothers moving ! i first spoke with jim & he was very helpful with general information . i called back & dealt with tristan who was also extremely helpful & accommodating to setting up our move . i was so worried since my husband was going to be at work & we 'd never used movers before . tristan put me right at ease . after booking my move , alona followed up immediately . she went over things to expect & sent lots of helpful info in email form as well . moving day ... .jason & juan were prompt , friendly , professional , & never stopped working ! rick was our 3rd guy we added on & just as awesome ! they hustled through the unbearable summer heat ! seven brothers customer service is on point ! i highly recommend using them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seven brothers moving has already been of assistance to me on several occasions . not only are they polite and 100 % professional , they are efficient and do n't waste any time getting the job done . i will absolutely call them for my next move and would recommend them to my closest friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute best movers ever ! they most definitely live up to their reviews . very kind , courteous , honest , and professional . i was beyond impressed ! will recommend these guys to everyone i know here in vegas . looking forward to using them again someday for sure . you guys rock ! ! ! keep up the excellent work ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so i ordered a pizza and wings this evening and was a bit frustrated . first the delivery time took 75 mins when i was quoted 45 to 60 ... .not a super big deal but still frustrating . then i look at my bill and really got ticked off ... .i had a coupon for 11.99 for my pizza and was charged 12.50 plus an additional 3.75 for toppings - can you say rip off ? then i was charged 1.50 for a delivery fee ... .the box says free delivery . to top it all off after i called ... .whoever i talked to ... .simply said the delivery fee goes to the driver and they are supposed to inform people of that ... .well i did n't get informed . he then said he was sorry and sat there in silence until i simply hung up . i will not order from this location again and i will be attempting to get in contact with a corporate office .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` it 's not terrible , i 've had worse '' - my girlfriend `` for the first time in history , bacon actually made my pizza worse '' - me at least it was a fun experience ordering & waiting for my pizza to be ready , 15 minutes after it was suppose to be ... ha ha", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the girl who answered the phone tonight was really rude . the website said that it was open until 11pm and it was just 10pm so i called to order . the girl answered the phone and said in a really snarky voice that they were closed . i said to her that the website said that there was still an hour but she said well its not and hung up on me . i like their pizza but not the poor customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some of the best deep dish pizzas in town . i work nearby so i 've had every ( no joke ) pizza on the menu and they are all great . the kc barbecue , bucky and olympic garden are some of my favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me just say that the parmesan chicken sub from pizza extreme is amazing ! ! ! i love that thing , and have gotten it there off and on for years . i just am giving this a 2 star rating because the last two times in a row i 've been to the fish hatchery location , i 've gotten terrible customer service ( though in fairness , it 's always from the same person ) . the raymond rd location i 've had exceptional service from , and the food is all the same ( yummy ! )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this particular pizza pit is highly unlikable . not very clean inside and slow . everytime i have tried eating here , i get sick . but never at other pizza pits . last time i got a delivery , the driver smelled like beer ! it 's safe to say i will not eat here anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably the best place for sandwiches in that area . milios ( right next door ) ai n't got nothing on the amazing deal you can get at pizza extreme . a sub , chip , and soda for 5.26 ( includes tax ) . i love this place . they make great subs for super cheap . and they are always really nice . i 've never experienced the bad customer service the other reviewer recieved and i 've probably been there about 20 times . definitely an office favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the deep dish pizza and for lunch you get two big slices with a drink for 5 bucks . awesome . sandwiches are good too . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place makes food for people who do n't really care about food . tonight was my follow-up visit ( since i always give a place a second try ) and i can safely say i wo n't make that mistake again . the food presented does n't match the photos on the menu . how can one overcook french fries and have them still be cold ? if you want pizza , please try roman candle just a mile down the street . if pizza pit people read this , i might recommend you ask corporate to limit the menu so you can succeed with one or two items instead of serving a wide variety of overpriced garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i know it is the weekend , however , waiting 2 hours for a pizza delivery without a return call is crazy , plus when you try to call they do not even answer ! ! never again will we order from them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate when places close early . went at 9 when web site said they were open until 10 . wish i could give it proper review but they never gave me the chance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am from southern california and came to surprise to visit family and wanted to get a few rolls in while i was in town . i know professor andrew and his wife ( leslie ) when they visit ca for tournaments in the past through my professor , giva . i asked them if i am able to come by on saturday for open mat at 11am and they say yes . they are extremely welcoming and friendly . they are knowledgable of jiu jitsu . if you are thinking about doing jiu jitsu , contact them , or looking for a home gym for jiu jitsu , i highly recommend de boa bjj !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to train , for kids and adults ! all the instructors are great , and very knowledgeable ! the kida class is fun and exciting , definitely keeps the kids attention . atmosphere is beautiful and very relaxing ! prices are reasonable . would n't train anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time attending a bjj class . found the experience extremely rewarding . the staff was friendly and very knowledgeable . fun time for sure . definitely found a new addiction ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids have been training with professor andrew , coach leslie , and the rest of the staff since february of 2017 . the staff is top notch , professional , knowledgeable , and treat everyone with respect regardless of their skill level . they are always pushing the kids to be the best they can be in jiu jitsu , and in life . always there to help out and make sure all students are learning and doing what is being taught correctly , and safely . one of the best decisions my family has made is to let kids become part of the de boa team . ca n't say enough about how impressed we are with how much my kids have progressed . always learning and evolving . we look forward to what 's to come with them at de boa . i would n't hesitate to recommend de boa jiu jitsu to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i train here and so do my kids . the instructors are knowledgeable and friendly . great family atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danielle is amazing ! this was my first time ever getting my bikini line done so i was a little nervous . danielle made the process super comfortable and easy . i was there for about 10-15 minutes , so quick ! i will never go get a wax , sugaring by danielle is the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting waxed here and my first time getting the sugaring wax . ok so all i have to say is that i love it . danielle is the owner of the wax salon and she is awesome . you have got to visit her . i purchased 4 waxing groupons which was a steal ! i 'm booked with her up until next year . i love it . her place was clean and sanitized . she was social and gave me a comfortable atmosphere . definitely telling all of my friends on social media .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i found danielle at sugaring lv ! she makes the process comfortable , quick and for me , pretty painless ! ! danielle is professional and very friendly..she 'll put you at ease and you 'll love the result ! ! ! i found sugaring lv on groupon and happy i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first sugar brazilian done by danielle . she is awesome and explains the process . i used to get waxed but never again . sugaring is the way to go ! she is quick , friendly , and easy to talk to . danielle is located inside elements spa . ps . check her out on groupon ... .great deals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danielle is amazing ! i found her via groupon and can not wait to go back . she is extremely welcoming and makes you feel comfortable . this was the least painful of any sugar wax and definitely the fastest . i also walked away without any uncomfortable pain . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time ever getting a brazillian . i normally would shave . a good friend of mine recommended danielle to me and i am glad that she did ! the location where she works is very easy to find and everyone that works there is very welcoming . danielle is very bubbly and makes you feel very comfortable . she explained everything in great detail , had me fill out a simple form and asked if i had any questions before we got started . the process did n't hurt and she was able to keep me engaged in conversation . i recommend danielle and sugaring to anyone . i will for sure be one of her regulars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love danielle ! she did my first bikini sugaring which can be very awkward , but she is so professional and so easy to talk to . i 've been seeing her ever since and now she sugars my legs and eyebrows as well . she is so friendly i love seeing her and catching up every couple of weeks . i highly recommend if you 're going to get sugared to go see danielle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been waxing for the past 2 years . it 's too hot , painful , and i 've yet to see the touted `` thinner hair benefit '' . i tried sugaring for the first time today . it was less painful , quick & i did n't leave sticky ! danielle is thorough , super personable & professional . i highly recommend sugaring lv for hair removal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danielle is awesome ! the sugaring experience is so much better than any wax i 've ever had ! danielle made me feel so comfortable during my session with her and the pain level was very minimal . i really enjoyed the sugaring and will definitely be a loyal customer from now on . 10 10 would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way better than waxing ! amazing quality , amazing result , danielle is very efficient and skillful ! do n't even bother going anywhere else for hair removals . danielle is hand down the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to danielle for the past few years and she has consistently been amazing . she is very professional . her salon space is clean and tidy . the services she offers are fairly priced and so much better for your skin than traditional waxing . ive noticed not only a change in my hair removal but my skin as well . my skin is healthier and softer than ever . danielle gives you all the information you need to take care of your skin between sessions . appointments are always started on time and she is mindful of time . i love this method and this business ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i will never go back to waxing . sugaring is less painful , is n't hot like wax , and is all natural ! danielle also made me feel comfortable for being spread eagle in front of a stranger lol . will be returning . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! loved everything about her . i was in and out in about 10 minutes . probably my best overall experience i 've ever had and the bonus is she 's right up the street . i found my new place and wo n't be going anywhere else . summertime is here so i will probably look into getting other services as well . thank you danielle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "played for first time yesterday . pace was a little slow due to tournament a few group ahead . ranger was vigilant trying to keep it moving and we finished in 4:45 hrs . course condition was very good and greens were medium speed and rolled true . water in play on several holes - design offered good variety of shots and risk reward decisions . icing on cake was free lunch promotion in newspaper - choice of anything on menu . quality and service was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rented current set of taylor mades and played 18 holes ( and bought some balls ) all for $ 90 . staff is nice . i recommend this place . the course is fine as far as condition and maintenance . it 's not beautiful , but it does the job . close to the strip too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "golf course is challenging , but terribly rude staff by keeping customers waiting at the counter and not recognizing that putting a tournament in between a group of 18 and thus splitting us up was bad . also , said something to staff member who didnt say a word and just walked away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gina or queen b of the universe . the manager at bh is the worst . with her bfriend doing maintenance . be prepared to receive phone calls at work , or on sunday morning by these losers . makes no sense ? i have ever asked them for anything . never late on rent ad kept to myself . they try to come up with ways to charge extra . parking permits ? ? lol wow . use to be a quite place when i first moved in . util they became managers . now noisy tenants , dog poop all over . trashy you have been warned", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have lived here for over five years and ca n't wait to move out ! ! ! . the new management is the the worst bunch of people i 've ever had the displeasure to meet . gina miss . queen bee is the worst . since they have taken over management this please has gone down to skid row level . god forbid you need anything fixed ! in a nut shell pund intended ha ! stay as faraway from this place as possible . heed may warning ! ! ! ! ! ! this place does n't deserve not even one star ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cute apartments , kind of pricey for how old they are but they have a lot of charm . maintenance takes forever and they are understaffed without proper resources or budget to actually fix things so the property looks dated . despite this it 's an ok place to live until you have to deal with the management , i think their goal is to make the tenants life as miserable as their own . gina and ron are the owners and they treat people with horrible disrespect and do n't know anything about customer service . i would advise anyone to look elsewhere their are plenty of nice properties in vegas where the management is much more capable of actually managing things than these people . they do not know how to behave in a professional or ethical manner and are only concerned with getting as much money out of you as possible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really like this place ! we went as a group of 4. service was great and since i really like sashimi i was really happy that they have resonable prices for only sashimi plates : ) it is usually hard to find", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is definitely a half decent sushi takeout place . do not expect to walk in and be teleported to japan ! it 's good ... it is n't great . but if fairly inexpensive sushi takeout is what you 're looking for , this might be your place !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome sushi ! very fresh and the best sushi delivery in montreal . tons of choices , and very reasonable prices . they also give bonus free sushi if you order over a certain amount !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered delivery the other day and was really happy with my choice . the sushi was fresha nd delicious , the prices are decent and the delivery was fast . ( 20-25 mins ) ill be orderng from the , again : ) they have a a few vegetariamn and vegan choices which is great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sushi ! never fails ! quality is # 1 and make sure you get a loyalty card = free sushi ! best price & quality for what you can get on the plateau . perfect for a quick fix lunch or dinner . get the mexican , mini-kami , rainbow ... they 're all great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for pick up . sushi is fresh . i love the ichiban thing . as well as the tartare . they often give some free hosomaki . and the price is fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi in montreal is expensive ( but where is it not when i 'm still comparing it to west coast prices ! ? ) and despite being a rather unimpressively decored little mint green box ( blaring mandarin pop ) , ichi sushi is no exception . thankfully though , if the craving hits and you 've got somewhere nice to go al fresco , the sushi here is pretty good . beside a large number of regular and chef special makis and the to-be-expected a la carte nigiri and sashimi options , ichi also has refreshing tartares and rice paper rolls . the menu layout of makis by size ( small , medium , and large ) , is also different and caters to diners with varying appetite sizes and preferences for variety .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered from this restaurant many many times and got used to their late deliveries . put up with it because the sushi was fresh and good for the price . however , they recently lost us as customers because of a bad experience . we waited over an hour and 45mins . by the time the sushi came it was freezing cold and the rice has hardened . the deliver man was very nice and called the restaurant for us because we requested a discount for this subpar experience and quality . the restaurant declined , knowing that we would n't pay 50 $ for frozen sushi . our dinner party ended up ordering a pizza ( which came within 25 mins ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the sushi here . hidden gem at the corner of mont royal and saint laurent . great place for a quick bite or take out . walking distance to the mountain where you can sit and enjoy quality sushi . i 've been going quite often to this place and always a pleasure . service is friendly and the portions are fair . it 's definitely a mouth full ! amazing selection and great flavors . my favorite are the rolls with sweet potatoes and fuji apples . if you do n't eat real crab they are more then happy to replace it . just ask ! the fish is always fresh and never got sick . i would highly recommend this place and if you do go often they have a sushi card to help save a few dollars . already for what you get the price is fair and worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is cooooool . i love sushi and i am the pickiest child on this planet . it 's such a simple concept- make your own sushi ! it 's fast and they have a nice variety of stuff to put in there and it all tastes great ! it 's not a waiter-service sit-down place , kind of fast-food esque but better . also the staff were so friendly and funny and patient with me asking for their opinions about how my weird combination of fillings was going to taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mysushi is harvey 's of sush if it 's good or bad depends on how much you like harvey 's i guess . do n't get me wrong , i absolutely adore the idea of having a customized sushi experience , my problem with it is that it is fast-food sushi , meaning a quick snack on the go , made out of cheapest ingredients and served on a plastic tray . some might like it very much but i am the type that better thrives on long savory meals than on drive-through approach to food . one thing , it is definitely unique and should be tried at least once in your life . checked off my list now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "interesting and new way to order sushi . it 's basically a smart way to make sushi appeal to the fast-food crowd . restaurant is clean , service is fast . the food is better than an all-you-can eat restaurant , and leagues better than the crap they sell at supermarkets . recommend this if you like sushi and have limited time , and want something a little different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here two or three times and think this concept is fantastic . i love being able to totally customize my sushi rolls and they have great quality ingredients . the staff are super friendly and when i 'm stuck they will provide good suggestions for additions to my rolls . my only problem with this place is that i wished i lived closer to it so i could come every week ! i think for the quality and the fact i can totally make the rolls my own i think the prices are very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "low end of the all you can eat sushi chain . bad service . gave my toddler a giant cup of water which she immediately spilled all over herself . gave me sushi with no ginger or wasabi , took 10 mins to get her attention to ask for some . quality is sub par .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very fresh . they can also do traditional roles . we enjoyed our meal and the soup was good miso soup . limited fish options , but have plenty of options for rolls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked right in and picked up a ham and some other items for christmas for a house full . they were well staffed and very cordial we were in and out in less than 15 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwiches here are excellent and well worth the price . i always get my sandwich on marble rye bread . delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the food here . but what made my experience five-stars was the service i received while ordering and dining in . the staff are very friendly . i eat here occasionally and will likely be back sooner than usual !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i arrived right after they opened at 7am on christmas eve . i dont eat ham , but my fanily does . i reserved a quarter ham and smoked turkey breast . staff was plentiful and the line moved . i had no problems using my coupons and i like how they show you the product before you decide to buy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "save yourself time and sanity and avoid becca at all cost . she is by far hands down the worst realtor my family and i have dealt with . she is not here to help you when its convenient for you , but for her . i have made several complaints about her rude and unethical ways with no avail , so writing this review to hopefully save a few people from making a horrible mistake and working with becca . i could go on for pages about her and over the top rudeness an argumentative personality but i 'll spare the details and your time . there is an entire fleet of nice professional realtors to chose from just do n't make the same mistake as so many others an choose this rotten one . good luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "becca did an amazing job helping me find a house in a tough market . becca went above and beyond and even came with me on new year 's eve to sign an offer ! i would highly recommend her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty bad realtor . i contacted her 3 months ago before i moved to the phoenix area , and sometimes replies and sometimes does n't . i guess she is doing pretty good if she can afford to ignore potential customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "becca linnig has served as property manager for our elderly father 's investment property in scottsdale since 2012 . becca has been an exceptional partner . she 's knowledgeable , responsive and extremely diligent in her follow-through . although we are across the country , we rest easy knowing that we have her on our side not only for marketing the rental , but also for ensuring that it is properly yet cost-effectively maintained . to her credit , becca has even gone `` above and beyond '' by checking in on our father ( who lives in phoenix ) when we have been concerned about how he 's doing . we really can not recommend her highly enough , and are truly baffled by the negative reviews on this site . either those individuals have unreasonable expectations , or they caught her on a bad day or during an abnormally busy period . based on our 2+ years of experience , we give her two big thumbs up and recommend her unequivocally !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "becca is a fantastic property manager and realtor . she handles a rental property for us and always does a fantastic professional job . she does all the difficult work dealing with management so we do not have to . i 've had to meet her at her office now and was impressed with the comfortable location . she showed me everything regarding how she handles her clients and leasees . we highly recommend becca , she is always been so responsive and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with kelsa d. i ca n't imagine why someone would would write anything negative about becca . she was wonderful in helping me look for a house and helped me get excellent tenants for my rental .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please listen to tim , and nate . trust me run away from this totally incompetent person", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the apartments are a little dated , but they are maintained well . the leasing office staff can be very rude . they made me feel bad about ending my lease and when they asked me why and if there was anything else they could do i told them . they only offered to do it on the day my notice was due , by then of course i had already secured another apartment . then they input my move out date incorrectly and i had a failure to pay statement delivered by no mistake of my own . the maintenance staff was also rude on occasion . my toilet flooded late at night all over the bathroom and into the bedroom seeping into the carpet and closet . they told me i would have to wait to fix it until morning unless it was an emergency . i was under the impression that water damage in apartments was always an emergency . i used to recommend this apartment complex but i would n't any more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the apartments are decent , a tad out dated but they manage them well . however the people at the front office are extremely rude . they are always closing at least an hour early . it 's annoying because the office says they are open until a certain point and they are almost never there until then . they are also really terrible at logging in packages that are delivered . they lost mine for a good 5 days until someone finally decided to listen to me and look for it . i will definitely be speaking to management soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "definitely not ! ! ! ! ! cigarette butts everywhere littering and loitering loud neighbors in the parking lot till 3:00am on weekday nights when i first arrived it was beautiful and quiet but a few months into it these new tendants got very loud late at night smoking like there 's no tomorrow and littering like there 's not a care in the world this nice apartment complex went to the toilet thanks to these people and management does n't care as long as your paying rent you can practically do anything . 6 adults in a 2 bedroom apartment is a negative and with kids too ! ! ! ! i will not be renewing my lease i 'll let these guys turn this place into dump which the carpet of cigarettes is already doing the talking hope management take the littering and loitering more serious for the rest of you staying there wish you the best of luck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg where do i begin . i was going to rant but everything that is really shitty about villa serena and its 3 different managers since i 've been living here in the past year has already been posted . from the barking dogs at 6-10am to the shitty maintenance . my a.c. has been out for 15 hours and it was 115\u00b0 yesterday and there was not an emergency number stated on the management message system .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my first time living in henderson and i 'm very happy ! my 2bdrm 2ba has everything we wanted . high ceilings , woodfloors in kitchen , dining room , hall , and bathrooms , brown carpet in living room & bedrooms , granite counter tops in kitchen , walk in closet , roman tub , wetbar , balcony with a great view of the mountains , & large storage closet . good plus in master is that the toilet and sink are seperate . very quiet neighborhood , great area to walk and ride bikes . beautiful clubhouse , very clean gym with free water , heated pool and jacuzzi but i wish the grills were poolside for bbqing & dipping , they are outside the gate . very pleasant security guard as well . also close freeway access to the 95 & 215 . sunset station ia right around the corner and everystore you can think of . super convenient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "keep driving ! where do i begin ? the horrible landscaping that littters excessive leaves and pollen . the barking dogs and the owners that do n't pick up after the dogs . the air compressor that failed and left us with a loud air blower for one room for a week . the broken pipes that damaged our unit.. the staff that does n't care about such issues and only argues to save their bottom line . the landscapers that blow leaves and dust into my front door walkway . the shut down of water for two days and being offered `` portable toilets '' . the non-stop noise from refurbishing adjoining units , including loud music from contractors . oh ... and the heated pool ... not in use due to construction . hopefully it 's finished by early spring . the positive ... upgrading units .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible place to live , not just villa serena but amc property management . to early terminate a lease it 's $ 2,500 + you have to pay back the move in special . regardless if they manage to rent out your property to someone else they still make you responsible for the early termination fee . on top of that every month along with your water and sewerage fee they ad a cam ( whatever that means ) fee that seems to go up every month .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here for one month and so far i love it . i 've had no complaints , the maintenance crew gets work done , front office staff is helpful , especially mercy . i 've yet to hear dogs at 4 am like most people complain about , and i 've seen a few dog feces here and there but that 's mostly the dog owners fault . you want a dog ? be responsible and clean after him her . but i wo n't let their lack of effort to clean after their pets affect my review . it 's quiet , neighbors are friendly , and unit itself is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "move here if you want to deal with employees who do n't want to do their jobs . more specifically , mariah . she is a total nonchalant nightmare . she will not suggest any remedies to your issues , and if by chance she does speak with you , you will most definitely be put off from it . old buildings . moldy smell . they will lie and tell you that your place has n't been water damaged , but the walls clearly show differently . they will not divulge all information needed for your apartment to run either . it 's definitely worth breaking the lease . maintenence is a joke too . they will show up at your door with an attitude because you actually called to get things fixed . run far away . just another poorly managed amc property . even worse ... pool stays dirty and it 's hot . why have a heated pool in the desert ? almost $ 100 cam fees just to have a dirty community .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dear staff , if somebody applied because they really love the place and they need to move sooner and got their application denied , please be courteous and professional and call them to let them know what 's up . you do n't just keep them on waiting and looking like idiots and have them call you 2-3 times to ask for an update even though the people took care of the reason why they were denied in the first place . that is unprofessional , just because we do n't have 700+ credit score does n't mean that we deserve to get treated poorly . but guess what , i wish you the best of luck and wanted to thank you because if we happened to move there we would n't discover this amazing condo that we 're living now that we paid 4 months worth of deposit and rent . so it 's your loss not ours . at least let them know . maybe add that to your notes on the meeting list . communication is the key people . thank you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will give them 0 if i could , this is the worst apartment complex we still have 4 more months on our contract ca n't wait to get out of here , the management are so bad in customer service , they are remodeling the apartments and you do n't even get a notification they just wake you up with all the construction noise a really nightmare specially if you work at night..ca n't wait to get out of here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overall the complex is a good place to live . they have recently changed management companies to amc , so there is an adjustment period , which is to be expected . they are good at making repairs to the units and they do their best to make the residents happy . if you get a chance to talk to kiana norman she 's pretty nice about making your experience a positive one . the rent is adorable and they have really upgraded the apartments , though i still live in the classic layout . i hope everyone has as positive an experience as i have . i 've been here over two years and i look forward to having new members in the villa serena family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately there is very little consistency here with the administrative and managerial staff . my daughter has been living here for 2 years and every week for the past month there has been a new tenant parked in her spot . was told there are 5 lists . how hard is this ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here to look as a last ditched effort since we were not having any luck into finding a house . the office staff was amazingly helpful & courteous . the units are fantastic . very spacious & modern . the outside , contrary to other reviews , is clean as can be . there was a lot of parking . it 's close to the freeway so for those who travel to work that makes it way easier . we would have gladly moved here , the only reason we did not is due to our real estate agent calling us with a house offer that we ended up accepting . i wish i could remember the young lady 's name that helped us . she was fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "myself , my daughter and my young adult son are ready to move in this coming weekend , and the staff is incredibly kind , and very positive . what goes on after hours is not their problem ! as adults we should all be aware that living in apartment this happens . they are very nice living , and family oriented . i 'm looking forward to our living here . everyone should mind their own business and quit complaining . you do n't like trash , pick it up and help keep the community clean . that simple i know it 's a safe area too . now have a good day , and be thankful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brooklin bakery has changed ownership again . the current owners has interesting baked goods available , some they baked , others are made by other people and brought in . the baked beef rolls are made by an outside artisan baker with the crust being tender and flaky , their fresh tasty sandwiches , chicken pot pie with a delicate flaky crust , strawberry shortcake with real whipped cream are all delicious . if you should be driving nearby , do stop by for some of their savory and or sweet goodies , once you taste , you 'll be returning for more . buy six items and skip paying the tax . friendly service , small shop feels crowded with more than a few people , take away or four small tables to dine in . wednesday 10am-5pm , thursday-friday 10am-6pm , saturday 9am-5pm , credit cards accepted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many were concerned when they saw a `` for sale '' sign on the building ... . but worry not . the bakery is not going anywhere . just the building has been sold . the bakery is staying put . yay ... still one of my fav places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just updated my rating from 4 to 5 . why ? 1 ) they always have samples and they do n't mind if you have more then one wink 2 ) the baked goods all taste so good - from the macaroons to the cupcakes it 's all good ( regardless of if they are good for you ! ) 3 ) the bread is all hand made 4 ) the sandwiches are really tasty . -- -- - i enjoy sandwiches for lunch and it is hard to find quality , fresh sandwiches north of taunton - brooklin bakery meets my needs just fine and the service is friendly and welcoming . i often end up getting some goodies as well . the price quality on their bread loaves is great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go once a week for an adjustment and dr. alejandro portuondo is a miracle worker . i had been in a really bad car accident last may and he easily takes away the aches and pains i still experience . customer service is excellent . i recommend this clinic indefinitely . even the massage is fantastic . two thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found them online needed a chiropractor for my wrist and they literally made it feel 80 % better the next day . there amazing an they really educate u on what 's wrong with ur body an why its doing what it is . their reasonable pricing i highly recommend going there to get adjusted or if ur having any problems .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pain clinic in vegas . very friendly staff , knowledgable doctors , excellent equipment . and the follow up is amazing . they really make sure u get taken care of and feel better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it warms my heart that another semi-adult actually beat me to this review about a playground ! i spent a glorious hour and a bit there with a friend earlier this summer , and to be honest with you , i probably saw one toddler for every five eighteen year olds while i was there . what this playground has going for it is its proximity to the wonderful meadows , as well as the fact that a lot of the equipment ( come to think of it i 've forgotten what one calls those play thingies ) looks like it wo n't break if i sit on it . there 're swings , things you can hang from , jump from , slide down , and swivel round in until you become nauseated ! i know i really need to brush up on my playground lingo , but it was a lot of fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 15 bucks for a dozen wings and a drink . 15 minutes after i ordered , and having seen the three people who ordered after me , receiving their orders before me , i approached the counter and asked about my order . they either forgot about my order or gave it to someone else by mistake , because that 's when they started making my food . wish they would have told me about it instead of leaving me uninformed and waiting even longer , i would have just asked for a refund . wings were good , especially the korean bbq , but , i wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "going downhill quick . the last few times we 've ordered , fries have been undercooked , items forgotten , under seasoned fries . i hope they get it together ! our kid loves it and it 's one of the few take out places we get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for some quick wings , i would n't mind it here . got an order of 15 hot wings to share with my sister and she loved it because it was extremely crispy but it was only like that because the wings are n't really meaty . prices were decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super slow service every time i order from this wing stop ... .order was supposed to be ready at 8pm and it 's currently 8:12p and im pretty sure it wo n't be ready anytime soon", "score": "1"}
{"review": "repeat visit , much better service . the wings are never in question , but sometimes you get the high school kid that 's all about themselves . tonight the cashier was attentive , engaging , on her game and efficient . what else could you want ? the wings were spot on epic as usual . the fries are often a gamble but tonight they were good . the bleu cheese dressing is always good , with chunks of cheese throughout . all in all , this wingstop has worked it out right . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll give the employees 5 stars . shady manager tried to say my order did n't go through just so he could close up . but the staff still made my order cheerfully and accurately . my hats off to them and hope that one of them fills that management spot that i hope is vacated soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we eat here at least twice a week , my friends and i may have a problem ... you only need to know two words : louisiana . rub . that is all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a mad house . i think the core business model is partly to blame . first of all , the restaurant is clean . they proudly display their a from the health dept hanging on the wall . the problem comes in at taking the customers basic orders . the counter is barely 8ft from the front entry way . when they are semi busy it becomes a mad house . you can barely exit the restaurant because there is so many people blocking the entry way . ( poor layout ) . the next gripe i have is for a order take out type place they are way to slow . it should n't take 25 mins to get your food after ordering . if i ever get the food i ordered i 'll update this review once i taste my food . until then i 'll keep watching the time ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the fries are really good . i could eat them all day long ! the chicken strips themselves are really good , but i was just expecting more than some parmesan cheese just sprinkled on top of them . i thought by the picture that they have on their web site it was more of a sauce type of coating . do not get me wrong they are still good but just not what i was expecting . i can not wait to try some of the other flavors that they have though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here to get a family pack . we bought the 30 piece with lemon pepper parmesan and bbq extra crispy . they came out perfect wait time was about right for wing stop they are never quick . staff was friendly i will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has some really good wings . this location opened up a little while back but we have been there many times since then . i prefer bone-in wings and they are really good here . the boneless option is also really good ( my girlfriend prefers these ) . they have some great flavors that span the spectrum of mild to hot . the garlic parmesan flavor is good as is the teriyaki and bbq . they have a variety of combos and deals so you can take care of however many people you are ordering for . if you are craving wings and are in the area , definitely stop in here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cashier was helping another individual with his order , then came my turn . as i stepped up to the register , he asked , `` what can i get for you ? '' two seconds into my sentence , he interrupts me and exclaims `` can i get a name for the order ? '' he was very loud and even the other customers looked over . gave him my name , but i was n't so please so i asked him `` why are you talking like that '' to which he said `` a lot of times , people ca n't hear me ! '' cashier had a lot of attitude , so i ended up not ordering food in fear of him spitting on or doing something to it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called in a pickup order about 10:15 pm on a sunday night , before closing at 11 . the food was on time and the staff were super-friendly and helpful . the food was hot and tasty . will definitely visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we always get the fam 50 pack and get 35 hot and the 10 lemon pepper and 5 the louisiana barbecue or whatever the spicy bbq is and they get our order right everytime ! ! ! and if they dont its no problem to fix it ! ! if yall want great service def give this place a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's always consistency with the taste of my wings , and how nice the staff are . i am obsessed with the mild wings . no matter what , come see cynthia ! ! ! she 's awesome ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expensive for what you get , charge extra if you want ranch , beer warm ... .. never coming back . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store so far has the best service in all of laveen . carla is amazing ! no matter who is helping you they always give there name and are always so helpful ! thank you for giving great food and service to laveen . we need more business like this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and the wings are amazing ! the cashier carla was amazing ! very friend and attentive . she made sure our drinks were full and made sure we got the right meal that was the cheapest . she was very friendly too and told us which wings to try next time . lemon pepper wings are bomb.com and so were the fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our second time being here for the money you get plenty of food and the wing sauces they have are good . overall an excellent value , will come back again . the mango habanero sauce is my fav than comes the teriyaki forget the cajun sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food . tonight the music was to loud . to vulgar . could n't hear yourself talk !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered 15 minutes ago , got here , and they just put my wings down and told me that it 's going to be ready in 20 minutes . considering that the order was placed well ahead of time and that this is the second occurrence , this will be the last time i get wingstop from this franchise . terrible punctuality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible service . let 's start from the beginning . the person who took my order had an attitude as if he hated his job . i got the 20 piece wings which comes in 3 flavors . he did n't even know that , and looked at me like i was crazy when i told him the 3 flavors i wanted . while waiting , i got to listen to the cooks argue about why the food is n't made in a timely manner . to top that , when i received my food , i was asked for it back because they gave me someone else 's take out order . i did n't even get an apology for the confusion . this place needs to step it up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "much better alternative than b-dubs did n't have any problem with wait time on a friday night . if you do n't like your fries drowned in salt , i 'd request for them to go light on it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . called to place and order and was asked to hold for a moment i was on hold for 25 minutes no one came back and after 15 minutes of holding they picked up and hung up", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wings were fine as was the service but prices are stupid . cost $ 18 for 12 wings and one beer . oh , also cost .89 for one ranch dressing to go with the order of wings , not for extra ranch but for one to go with my wings . cheap bastards , ranch comes with the order , not an add-on as also does carrots and celery . native is going to open back up across the street so you might want to pickup your game .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lexia charged me for everything separate instead of a package meal , even the sauces and fries,20 wings instead of 24 , the manager would not even come out to talk with me , lorraine . paid more for a lot less , went to pizza hut for wing wednesday to make up for what i was shorted , then accidentally placed a great review for pizza hut here , trying to get removed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love wing stop , but hate this location . i 've lived in laveen and have always went to this wing stop but it really has taken a turn for the worse . the customer service is terrible ! that older man that took my order glared at me the whole time and mumbled . i 've never had such terrible customer service as i 've had here . there are plenty of other options for foot in this area . go to native new yorker across the street and avoid this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love wing stop ! it 's always fast friendly and very yummy . the wings are hot and crispy . the original wing sauce has delicious flavor with the right amount of heat . it 's also really convenient to order your wings online and then go over and pick them up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything was way too salty ! the fries and the chicken ! with a bone and without . even having them fix it a second time , it was still over seasoned with salt . manager was friendly and cooked again but even after changing the hot sauce and asking for very light seasoning , it was still overly salted . manager offered no reimbursement so we basically aid $ 20 for 2 sodas ! i will be disputing this charge on my credit card . it will be worth the hassle to know my money does not support this type of cooking . it would be good to note , i love salty food , but this was like taking the salt shaker and pouring it into your mouth . i will never ever eat here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": ".89 cents per wing ... pricing is high for want we 're being served . everything is an add on ... bleu cheese extra . free refill on the iced tea ( sweetened ) and sodas , good , and they have a beer license too , good . order two styles , one habanero , the other one hot ( not buffalo style , but the flavor was good for the hot ) , but only took one bite of the habanero and it was definitely not to my liking . it took 22 minutes for twenty ( 20 ) wings ordered for in-house dine . the music was a little too loud for us ( and i guess for the service person too ) since the order of seasoned fries ( that my wife ordered ) never came and after rereading our ticket , they were never placed . it was a chore to order with not hearing properly . restaurant was very clean and upon using the restroom to wash up ... there are no mirrors in there ... odd . staff was very friendly though , another good plus .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was good , but ... eliminate the dishonest and underhanded way that customers are cheated out of extra money . i asked for one order of 20 wings with 3 flavors . the order was purposely entered as 2 orders ( 10 and 5+5 ) of wings , which resulted in a higher price charged to me on my receipt . though the extra amount ( stolen ) is small , the dishonest intentions are not . if the menu has 20 wings at a price , and i order 20 wings , i do no want it entered as two orders which costs more , so the employee gets a bonus . to me , it is stealing from customers , because something is done which i did not ask for , and i am charged more for a decision which was not mine . disgusting ! ! ! i brought the difference in price up to the employee for an explanation as to why it was entered differently than how i ordered from the menu . the employee shamefully admitted they get bonuses when they enter orders in that manner . shame ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is blah . wings are worse no matter the flavor you get this weird sweet unpleasant after taste . definitely not worth the money . if you want good wings go across the street to native .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband love wing stop . i do n't because i do n't eat meat . but i do love their customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely poor service . have come here three times and orders are wrong every time but food tastes fine . today order was n't even close so manager ( who had poor phone etiquette ) said to bring food in to get it fixed . upon coming in manager proceeded to laugh and did n't understand the issue . continued to laugh at myself and my wife then took someeone else 's order . then he got cold wings put sauce on and handed them . do not go here under any circumstances .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gyros=yee row i was looking for a lunch alternative and happened on to king gyros in phoenix , located in a strip mall . from the outside king gyro does n't look like much , and you need to park around the corner in the strip mall parking lot . however , the inside of king gyro is very clean , well kept , and inviting . i 'm a huge gyro fan and insist the word is pronounced yee row . on this visit my lunch companion and i ordered a steak gyro and chicken cesar salad , and both entr\u00e9e 's were delicious . the steak gyro was huge and filled with meat , this gyro was big enough to feed two . the sauce was perfect , not too tart and the bread was fresh , warm and delicious . the chicken cesar salad was also very good . the chicken was moist and flavorful . the lettuce was fresh and crisp , and the dressing flavorful . i would go back there everyday if i lived in that area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , so good mom and i ate take out twice this week for lunch ! ! ! the gyros were done very well , ready for pick up and the salads are tasty . their bread is great even eaten alone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what else to say about this place that has n't already been said ... but it is honestly the best mediterranean spot in the valley . gyros , shawarma , hummus , french fries , kabob ... and get this : they also make homemade pasta ! absolutely delicious . it 's a family owned restaurant and i had such a nice conversation with the owner ; she 's a sweetheart and is hands on with everything about the business . always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greek mafiosos aside , i find king gyros to be a good cheap lunch grub type of place . it 's a counter style lunch joint ( wedged in the mervyn 's shopping center ) with tacky greek beach posters on the wall , classroom carpet , corian tables and cedar chairs . i come here quite often and usually order a chicken gyro plate with fries or the greek salad , and they 're both tasty , cheap and does the job . in particular i like the gyro sauce with its yogurt sauce , spices and fresh dill . king gyros is not exactly a standout type of place , but i find it to be a solid choice if you 're in the area . it can get busy during the day , but last time i was here nico and demetri rolled up with their entourage in their club clothes and a pricey mercedes at 2 pm . klassy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has answered my prayers . just when i thought i could n't find a really good , inexpensive middle eastern place , my friend brought me here . 1 . really good , really fresh pita bread 2 . awesome salad , very fresh and tasty . 3 . great tzatziki , and i 'm very picky 4 . loved the gyros and chicken equally plus the people working there are super nice and friendly ! i will be back often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my 1st time here , and i was not disappointed . it is not a huge space but the food is top notch . the lady , i believe is an owner is adorable . i loved that as customers walked in , she said do you want your usual . not just one person , like 10 . she knew them and what they wanted . that is customer service ! had the gyro plate , came with a salad and fries . the salad was huge , and the fries were good . their pita bread was delicious , i even bought more to take home . however the best thing about this place is the gyro meat . omg it was moist and the flavor was wonderful . i have went to many gyro places around the nw metro phoenix area . this is by far the best of them all . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for an authentic , greek , family owned experience ... .this is it ! ! the food is delicious , the hummus is made fresh daily , the tatziki sauce is soooo good . the owners are some of the nicest people , it literally feels like you 're sitting down in their home eating at their table . i was never a greek food person until my husband introduced me to this place ... .he 's been going there for about 20-25 years ! my favorite dish is the chicken kabob plate which comes with a greek side salad and greek rice . i can never finish the whole thing , so i always look forward to my leftovers : ) my husband love the gyro plate , which is equally delicious . they have a pretty bug menu , so i 'm sure you will find what you are craving . they also have homemade baklava for my sweet tooth ... .so mouthwatering . they are closed on sundays , which i always forget ! ! but i completely respect it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this family-owned restaurant is so awesome . the service is very personal , and the food makes me crave and come back for more ! i almost always get the gyro salad . it 's fabulous ! they never get my order wrong and they even memorize it . they are on point . king gyros is just , perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in and tried the gyro meal with fries . the gyro came with onions , tomatoes and dill sauce all of which was very good . fries were good as well . tried the baklava which i 'd never had before and really liked that as well . service was fast and friendly . will definitely return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i fully agree with amanda b. on this one . overall , mediocre at best . hopefully you have one of their little coupons too , because they are a little overpriced . jt gyros has this place beat by a mile .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not only is the food amazing but the customer service is beyond belief . this family owned and operated restaurant could not have done it better not once but two days in a row . in addition i saw how personable they were with all of their customers remembering not only who they are but what they order . if you 're in the area do not pass this place up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visit to this family owned business . im so disappointed.. in the fact that i 've lived in the area for so long..and never tried this amazing place . they have been in business for over 17 years ... and there is a reason why . it 's absolutely the best gyros i 've ever had . i feel as if i 've been cheated by every other greek place in town . the gyros original is $ 6.75.. and i could only finish half . the owners were so nice . so full of life . so happy . so proud . and they have every reason to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! came here because of the reviews and the king delivered ! this place has a following , the regulars noticed it was our first time and assured us all the food was good and fresh made , they were really passionate about this place . i ordered the falafel pita and my husband got the classic gyro . owner was so friendly and welcoming . the place has a very warm feel and was totally packed with happy customers . food came out at a good pace and was delicious ! very authentic and fresh taste , big portions and big flavor . even ordered some falafels togo becuase they were so good and the owner was kind enough to give me their house made hummus with it for free because she said it tastes better together . loved this place . i will be returning to eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the prices , selection , service and food are great . if you 're into american-greek food , this is one of the better ones .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down one of my favorite restaurants . the owner is extremely attentive , nice , and knowledgeable . their chicken kabobs are delicious and so are their gyros . the restaurant is a little small but cozy and they take really good care of you . i would highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! they have really good gyros but i must admit my favorite plate to get here is the chicken kabob plate . my husband always gets the combo plate . so good ! this is n't exactly the closest to my house but we 'll worth the drive . i can most definitely say i will be a continuing customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gyro place hands down ! the gyro meat is perfect . and you get a lot . all veggies are fresh too . the prices are very fair . i usually go with my brother for lunch and we always order the gyro salad . well the owner lady now remembers us and just asks `` the usual ? `` , we laugh and say `` yes please '' . also do n't forget to wave at the guys in the kitchen . they seem always in a great mood ! always smiling , or maybe they just think i 'm cute ? lol . either way you ca n't go wrong with king gyro , great food and great people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been here twice so far and both times , food and service were excellent . chicken pita sandwich ( comes with fries ) and the gyros plate ( comes with salad , bread , and fries ) are amazing . their plates are very , very filling so you 'll have enough to take to go if you 'd like . small and quaint place with a friendly atmosphere . would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had some time to kill so i decided to stop by this joint for lunch . not a bad decision ! their falafel pita was delicious . i felt like a dine-in order would deserve better than a styrofoam plate and they certainly skimped on the fries on this occasion but the falafel was well cooked and the sandwich had a lot of fresh pickled veggies included . the tzatziki sauce was delicious but kinda ran down the sandwich making the first bites dry and the latter ones a bit runny but overall i would recommend this place and i 'm definitely gon na try it out again in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "circled the park lot of this strip mall before finding the restaurant . pet peeve-why are address so unclearly marked ? anyway , king gyros is the bomb ! the smells drifting from the restaurant were tantalizing . i ordered the chicken pita and hubby got a chicken sandwich . not much difference except mine was in pita bread and he was in a roll . the tzatziki sauce had a nice flavor of dill and yogurt . both plates came with a serving of fries . the chicken was flavorful and succulent . patrons kept coming in at an early happy r to either dine in or take out . the food is fresh and owners are greek and nice . prices are definitely affordable in this casual place . worth the trip if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a big gyro fan so when this was recommended to me , i was a bit weary . i still have n't tried the gyros but it 's no matter , what they call greek spaghetti was better than what you may get at an italian restaurant ! it tastes fresh with roma tomatoes and the sauce is very lightly applied , but it 's a good thing : trust me . the portion is huge ! then the garlic bread is the perfect amount to really sop up what 's left over . end the meal with some baklava and mm , perfect meal ! plus it seems to be family owned . i do n't eat there often but i 'm still recognized every time i come in . service is excellent , everyone is very nice - even when they are very busy and the restaurant is filled up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! great gyros and super nice owners . we always stop by when in the area . i highly recommend king gyro !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happened upon this place by accident . it 's tucked away in a strip mall and is hard to see from the road . but omg this place has great food . i was happy right away when i walked in to see how clean this place is . the people were friendly and helpful . i ordered the chicken fajita ( middle eastern style ) and have never tasted anything so good . i got mine without the pita but my husband got his with and loved it . ive been there three times now even though we live and work on the other side of town . will go back again as a special treat . seems like there a quite of few regulars there and it 's like a neighborhood meeting spot . loved it ! highly recommend : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was phenomenal . i had the chicken pita combo and it just melts in your mouth and the prices are amazing . i 'll be back for more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was so delicious and you get a lot for your money ! the lady at the cash register was really nice and considerate . i did n't know you had to buy sauce on the side and she was willing to give me some for free ! i ended up buying 4 ( so worth it ) . there tzatziki sauce is the best i 've ever had ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the variety of meals offered with awesome prices . the food is fresh and filling . cute little shop for best friend lunches or small family meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gyros restaurant in town . place is very clean along with friendly staff . been coming here for years , ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place i will continue to go ! outstanding service and delicious food ! the owner and the staff really do convey the importance of consistency , so my family and i get the same delicious & fresh outstanding dinners every time with a smile from the owner . and , she remembers your name ! i 've been to the mediterranean , most western european countries on business and personal travel . this is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best greek in town . sweetest family owns and operates this gem . gyros are great buy everything on the menu is fantastic . wish they were open on sunday though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always been surprised dismayed as to how difficult it is to find good greek food in phoenix . well , here you go . i will admit that i am a bit of a gyro junkie and have not tried anything else on the menu , but this is my go-to place for greek food . i have been known to drive 20 minutes out of my way just to pick up a gyro from this place . great food - friendly staff - clean = what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "king gyros is the best . food cooked to order so it may take a few minutes , but we have been dining here for years . always fresh food , always friendly , and always clean ! i eat greek no where else . i support family owned , they try harder and service with a smile !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved king gyros since i was a kid ! these are the best gyros in arizona ! it 's family owned and they a r e amazing people . i guarantee the gyro platter ( 2 gyros , fries , and salad ) it 's 10 dollars but totally worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "king gyros is great . i stopped in last week and had a wonderful experience . this place truly lived up to the hype . i am extremely particular with my gyros and this did not disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "next to my dentist and always wanted to check it out . glad i did . great food and people . i had the chicken pita and a salad . outstanding ! ! ! ! ! i need to got to the dentist more often ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the freshest salad you 'll find in this area . small family owned business . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our go to place for gyros ! we 've tried about quite a few in the area and this is the best . gyros come with a ton of meat , i always ask for an extra side of tazitki sauce bc it 's delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg its good ! lets be completely honest , i am as easy to please as i am to rub the wrong way and in the over a dozen times i have been here the food has just been excellent . the people are friendly , and super nice , the service is wonderful . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the original gryo , and must say it was quite tasty ! onions , tomatoes , tzatziki sauce and plenty on gryo meat ! i like authentic places and this seems fit the bill . only been there once , but already know i will be back to get the original gyro again as well as try other items !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super great food especially the rice and grilled chicken . so much flavor and tastes very authentic . i love this place and highly recommend if you are in the area . the place is small and tucked in a strip mall but do n't let that detour you it is worth trying and enjoying some great eats . staff is friendly and remembers me everything i go there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had them for the first time today i 'm from chicago originally and it 's been hard finding a gyro place in arizona worth yelping about . but very good food portions sauce and tax is included . i will definitely go back very good food . and very nice staff the gyro plate can feed two people and it 's under 10 bucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service and food at a super high level . love this place ! we drive across town just to eat here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here many times , and the food and service are both always great ! i 've had the gyro as well as the salad , and they 're both fantastic ! it 's a perfect spot for lunch with indoor or outdoor seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "use to go here 5 years ago when we used to live close by . yesterday we drove there , to see if they still as good as i remembered . it was still very good food . the owner ( i believe ) is always friendly and the chicken pita is very moist & taste great . i also like that the gyro meat is n't so dry as in most places , to where you need a bunch of extra sauce to get it down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best greek family in town and best greek food . been eating at this place for 20+ years . i have tried other greek places while on vacation but none compare . the owners run it and make everything fresh daily . even the cooks in the back are friendly . wonderful place to get great greek cuisine . thank you for the many years of friendship and laughter king gyros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best gyro i 've had in phoenix . the portion size of meat was almost amazing and it was fresh and well seasoned , served with thick cut fries . my accomplice had the chicken pita , moist , flavorful well seasoned chicken and again lots of it . their menu had lots more interesting things on it and all of the food i saw come out looked really good . it would be hard not to like this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and staff , one of the better gyros places in the valley ! good portion sizes and authentic greek food , i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was one of their 1st customers . have been going there forever . staff has never changed . super clean as always . all food made to order . great all around gyros fast food restaurant . american greek food with french fries . not like authentic greek food . but stupid good and addictive . love this place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we never go anywhere but here ! ! the best place , nice staff ... the restaurant is small and in the summer a little hot so get it to go ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , friendly family run business . benny makes the best tzatziki sauce in town . i always get the souvlaki plate with their delicious rice and his wife remembers extra pita , extra sauce . my wife loves their gyros . their chicken pita is great too . everything is great . go there now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . expect a bit of a wait during lunch time because it will be busy . there 's only a few tables inside this small restaurant so i recommend take out if you can . one of the best gyros i 've had and definitely the best on the west side . their prices are reasonable . two huge gyros , both with fries , and one fountain drink ends up being about $ 13 . the rest of the menu looks really good , but the gyro is so good i ca n't get myself to order anything other than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family and i can not get enough of this place , we all love the gyros . owner is super friendly and if she recommends something try it you will not be disappointed ; unless your just plain picky .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place enough to spend 75 % of my lunchtime driving to get to it on occasion . everything i have tried is absolutely delicious ! i 've had the gyro salad , and the grilled chicken salad . mmm mmm good ! the sauce they use is very flavorful , and the pita bread is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i dropped by king gyros after reading the raving reviews about this place . now i know why ! their gyros are delicious and super cheap . it 's kind of a hole in the wall place , but that made me even more fond of it . the staff was very friendly . i wish i lived closer to this place - it would definitely become one of my regular joints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large portions . great flavors . smells nice . always busy & great customer service . always come back when i 'm in the area . best place for chicken greek salad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "king gyros was decent , though everything seemed a bit on the oily side . had a gyro with good tzatziki , hummus which was okay , and onion rings : ) i suppose it 's all about expectations , being a chicago gal i will fully admit a high standard when it comes to gyros . since there are better gyro places within a short drive of here i likely wo n't return to king-chicago gyros is still my fave with jt 's a close second .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best gyros in town , really ! i have been eating here for years . we have tried many other gyro places , nothing is as good or a better value for the money ! the owners are great ... they remember you and treat you like family if you go enough . i love `` mom and pop '' eateries and this is one of the valleys best ! prices are great , food is authentic greek ! the hummus is the best i have had ... small place with 10 small tables in a strip mall location . go off lunch hours or expect to wait in line . early dinner we never wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to wait 25 mins for a chicken pita while the owners stare at you while eating their own food this is you spot . i will never come here again and tell everyone of the bad service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never reviewed this place although i have ate here more than 5 years ! they have quality food and i love everyone that works here ! my go to is the chicken greek salad . grilled chick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i love this place . we use to go there all the time when we lived over that way . just went there after about a year away and the food is still great . hummus with greek pitas are the best around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best food and best service . the owner is very friendly and you feel like you have known here for years . love love the food too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best place for gyros in town . we travel thirty minutes for lunch just to eat here . try the number 8 gyro plate with fries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as the number of check-ins i have shows , i eat here a lot . and i never get bored of it ! the owners are super friendly , and they are always genuinely glad to see you when you walk in . the gyros are probably 2nd in the valley only to haji-baba in my opinion , but they are far from the best trick up the sleeve here ! try the shish-kabob . trust me , you wo n't regret it ! also , the souvlaki is amazing , and the dolmas are delicious ! personally i get a gyro salad to go on my way home from the gym 9 10 times i come , but i also try to change it up and i 've yet to come across something on their menu that was n't delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried for the first time . had the gyro and souvlaki and both were fantastic . great prices and family run ... will definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only the regular gyro but it was really good and a really good price for a quick lunch break from the office .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly this is one of the best gyro 's i have ever had . i get the gyro platter which provides you with a lot of meat . i have not had a bad experience here yet . my wife even likes their cheese burgers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the worst greek food i 've ever tasted . the meat was nasty and tasted like spam , the rice tasted like rice-a-roni , and the sauce was just gross . on the positive side , the lettuce was green and was as expected . seriously , the only thing they got right was the lettuce . do yourself a favor and try another place for greek food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge greek fan , probably because i do n't like lamb gyros or pitas or whatever they want to call it . but today i went in just get a chicken pita . i thought it would be like any other chicken pita but i was wrong . the chicken was very moist and the flavor was damn good . there sauce actually had good flavor to it since other places i 've had we 're very bland . my friend got the chicken kabob plate , which for 8.99 was huge . he got a salad then a huge thing of rice , huge chunks of chicken and some toasted pita bread . well worth it , this thing could probably feed 2 people . the rice they have is great and the pitas were not over cooked toasted . the only draw back is during lunch it can get cramped in there and the pepsi seemed alittle sweeter than it should be . but those are very small problems . i would come back again when i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was the number and quality of the reviews that brought me here . i am in the area a lot and did n't know they were here and that was my loss . whenever i go to a greek or mediterranean restaurant , i go for the hummus and falafel first before i decide to get anything else . i order a side order of falafel to taste them without any sauce or anything to interfere with the flavor . the hummus was good but it was the falafel that was really good . i have been to some places where it 's just a small , hard and dry hockey puck . these were a generous size ( .50 cents each when i got them a la carte with my hummus ) . they were fried crispy , but were light with a great texture and taste . i ca n't wait to come back and have them in a pita ; and i look forward now to their other dishes . great little place ; glad i found them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say good greek food is hard to find their souvlaki and their gyro platters are the way to go ! the lady who runs the shop is super nice and she says they are a chicago style greek place . i have not had greek food in chi-town but having worked in greek diners , bakeries etc . they hold it down over here . i usually order to go but they have a small seating area go enjoy this diamond in the rough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gyro place in town . family owned with the owners homemade baklava . if you are coming here and it is close to closing . call them and they will do the order over the phone so you wo n't miss out . tons of meat and the sauce is the best . you have to get an order of baklava . the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey . it 's addicting . you are warned .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was a great place to eat , now food is greasy , and it does n't taste like it used to . used to have a more of a homemade taste , now tastes like costco business center . sad . i loved going here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food ! our family loved it and is the best in arizona in our opinion . five star all the way with no hesitation ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little story just south of the south carolina state line and 20 miles south of charlotte , nc . they have just about anything a horse person would need , along with a lot of feed blends , tack and equipment for feeding livestock or taking care of pets.. we buy salt licks and deer blocks on a regular basis . best to shop here during the week as saturday is very busy . closed on sundays . nice staff , will special order what you need and are knowledgeable enough to answer your questions and make recommendations to you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this cool shop just a few miles down 521 from ballantyne offers all sorts of tack , feed , treats , and other equestrian items . additionally , you can find pet food for dogs and cats . also , they have collars , leashes , bowls , and all sorts of other pet supplies . the staff is friendly and helpful . if you need something that they do n't have in stock , just ask and most likely they can order it for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a large breed animal owner this is the greatest store ! lots of farm type animal supplies . and reasonalbe prices . ! it is a must stop shop if you have large animals", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got ta love the name ! ca n't dutch this is a food truck specializing in belgian and dutch fries , with plenty of hand-crafted dipping sauces and toppings . the fries are hand-cut and fried to order , the service is friendly and fun , and this spot is completely safe for those on a gluten-free diet because all they do is fries , there 's no cross-contamination ! ask for a sample to try the sauces you want- the plain fries are pretty solid , but they 're not playing around with the spicy stuff . i 'm waiting for the day they put out a classic san francisco-style order of garlic fries permanently on the menu , then they 'll never be able to get rid of me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seen these guys at the park and i had to try them seeing as how i love potatoes . the fries were fresh and crispy , i had the amsterdam sauce i believe . it was very very goood . hopefully ill see these guys again , i 'm definitely getting some more", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious , freshly cut fries smothered in 2 great sauces : brussels & gouda . i like it saucy and they were happy to provide extra ( no charge ) . wow it was so tasty that i did n't want to share but allowed my friends & family a small taste - then they had to get their own ! found this food truck at school event . made arrangements for them to come to my husband 's comic store for an event . these guys are friendly , fun , accommodating and the food is so-o-o-o-o good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in town and felt like having a nice sub sandwich . reviews looked good so i stoped in for lunch . this place is located inside of another store . i went and ordered a sandwich and then noticed the sitting area was like a homeless shelter . several of the tables were taken up by suitcases and a guitar . the homeless at the tables were not eating but i guess management just lets them hang out . the smell was horrible . stay away from this place unless they clean it up . sorry i stopped in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got to love this place not only because they are open till 2 a.m. but they are clean and fast", "score": "5"}
{"review": "note update on below initial review : went in for a sandwich today . i asked for it to be toasted and reconfirmed with the girl twice . she then made my sandwich and forgot so went ahead and toasted the entire sandwich including the mayo . i asked politely to have the sandwich remade and she said `` fine , whatever ok '' , she them proceeded to help the other people in line and said i had to wait . wow . horrible customer service and after 25min and no sandwich i left . update : the business manager replied and was sincere about addressing the situation . impressed to say the least . i will reply when i have the chance as weekends leave me not much time for this . i appreciate the reply and will get back to you and your questions this week . thanks", "score": "3"}
{"review": "manager was nice recommended some party plater for drunk munchies good price friendly fast service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i dont really like subs and didnt know what to get ... so i asked this girl , who 's name is tye i guess , what sub she liked the best and she said a # 5 with honey mustard and first of all i dont like honey mustard but i said what the hell ill go ahead and try it anyways . i was so happy that she helped me out cuz i was standing there for a while tring to figure it out and she was so nice in suggesting ideas and different things and finally i asked her what she liked and it turned out it was amazing : ) im now in love with going to this location just to order the # 5 from her ! she has amazing customer service , and i can tell she actually cares about the food shes feeding me i sure know my tummy loves it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my order was messed up but the owner talked to me personally and cleared everything up . amazing service on his part . thank you very much ! good food regardless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love that store ! buuuuuut ! they seriously need a new store manager ! she is the most unethical manager ever ! she is super rude and gave me a bad first time experience . i forgot her name but she was african american . she had the audacity to challenge me and take her name and information down so that i could report her bad customer service ... i was shocked ! well be careful with this lady everyone ! have a nice day ... do n't let her ruin it lol !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they seems to have store coupons every other week or something . go to their web site and print coupon $ 5 off when you spend $ 25.00 . also their eggs are cheap most the time . which are great because i 'm always baking making things & need to buy 12 dozens or more . hehee they also have yoohoo 3pk for $ 1.00 which is pricey but it 's so hard to find it on the west coast so it 's ok i guess .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is so nasty and dirty . merchandise on the floor and the floor behind the cashiers looked like they had not swept in months . the manager looked like the store , dirty and not good with his hygiene . 1st and last time i go in there . oh and i was there at 10am . never again . i will tell my friends and family not to shop there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish they had a store that was closer . love this place . great deals ! if you like deals on canned goods and household items ! i love the small square footage of this place-you can get everything you need and not have to traipse around a big box retailer . like i said ; i wish one was closer to me . when i 'm around this location we stop and stock up . you will definitely save some money if you are a cautious consumer . staff is nice but sometimes can seem stressed if they are busy . by the way , yolanda r. you did not post accurate pics . those are not pics of this location . it looks more like the dollar tree across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bakery is a hidden gem . cakes are amazing , fort fondant i actually enjoy . nina makes cake balls that are a must try . she has them all the time in store so just swing by and get a few . these are easier to eat than a cupcake so they are perfect in bulk at a party as guests can hold in one hand and eat in a few bites . we go almost every weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our cake was great ! i came across this bakery while searching yelp . after looking at their website photos of past cakes , i really wanted to use them . i 'm very happy we did . the cake and cupcakes we ordered turned out very cute and just like i wanted . the flavors we had were chocolate and vanilla and everyone at the party really enjoyed it . the cake and cupcakes were moist and flavorful . i definitely recommend sassy cakes by nina . she is a wonderful artist and baker !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was referred here from a coworker and let me just say that it was the best referral i have had . nina the owner was excited to take my and even more excited when i told what type of cake i was looking to get done . what i asked for was an anatomical heart on top of the cake . being from a medical field background and asking this of course i 'm gon na be anxious and have tiny doubt on how good it will look . i sure she felt the same way on making it . she was easy to work with her and responded very quickly to every question i asked . went and picked up the cake vday and to my eyes i was more then impressed . she went beyond all expectations and the details she put in the heart were phenomenal . needless to say my gf was extremely thankful and impressed on how amazing the cake came out and let 's not forget how amazing the cake tasted as well if i need a cake this is the place i will be returning no questions asked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looked to yelp to help me find someone to make a surprise baby shower cake for my daughter . there was one review that caught my eye that stated she has been going to nina for her cakes since her son 's baby shower . he is now 6 . i am so happy with my decision . nina is so down to earth , enthusiastic , and is in the moment when listening . the baby shower cake was a hit ! it was adorable and tasted divine . i look forward to the next milestone cake created by nina !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the moment i step in it was an amazing greeting from nina . she is beyond awesome i love the welcoming she gives it feels personal . you do not feel like just any customer . i had no idea on how i wanted the cake to look like . i just briefly explain an idea . i was very busy that had no time to call and check if she had a picture or drawing of what the cake was going to look like . i just kind of hope for the best . i was beyond happy on the results she truly went on and beyond to make sure the cake look amazing ! as soon as i saw it i knew i had come to right place . i 'm in love with the work she does . definitely will be coming back and i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i love a great cake , and often want cake , even when it is n't justified by a special occasion . imagine my delight finding sassy cakes by nina , where i can stroll in and have a `` cake bite '' , ( about three or four bites of cake heaven ) satisfying my craving ... anytime ! the only risk is that depending on the timing of my visit , she might be out of the red velvet bites , or the pistachio almond , both absolutely amazing . in addition , nina is funny and charming , and has created a great shop , a wonderful addition to the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nina is absolutely amazing ! i emailed her a picture of what i would like my boyfriend 's 40th bday cake to look like and she did that and then some . the cake not only looked perfect but the taste was to die for ! the cake was moist and the filling flavor was juuuust right ! this was my first time ordering a custom cake and from now on , it 's just nina all the way ! i do n't even want to try anyone else . thank you nina ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you , nina for being so nimble and responsive to my last minute request . my friend absolutely loved his birthday cake . it was beautiful and fabulous , just like him ! definitely will be coming back and reaching out again . keep up the great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five stars does n't justify the wonderful experience i had with nina at sassy cakes . she made a cake for our baby shower and it was absolutely amazing ! ! it looked great and tasted even better , it was moist and you could taste the real ingredients ... no artificial anything , which means a lot to me . she was so friendly and provided many ideas to make the cake exactly as i wanted . everyone at the shower agreed , i will always have my cakes made by sassy cakes . thanks nina ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sassy cakes designed our daughters 1st birthday smash cake and our adults cake . we brought her photos of what we were looking for and we were more than impressed with what she came up with ! the cakes not only looked absolutely beautiful ( they were our center piece on our dessert table ) but they tasted soooo delicious ! many of our guests commented how wonderful these cakes were and i had no problem referring them to nina ! in fact , we will be using nina for all future family cakes needed for special events ! thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nina was beyond amazing . we walked in on a saturday afternoon after being to three other places that were unable to fill our request due to last min planning . she was able to go above and beyond to make the most amazing and unique cake i have ever seen . she worked past close and was amazingly personable . she was bubbly as well as professional . we will be going to her from now on . thank you sassy nina for making a very delicious and memorable cake ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at a neighboring business and noticed this bakery so decided to stop in and give it a try . greeted by nina herself and tried a couple delicious cupcakes . the place was immaculate , nina was amazing and the food is phenomenal ... .definitely worth of a return trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nina has made my grandson 's cake from his baby shower to now his 6th birthday - she has done every occasion i can think of ! she is a kind and wonderful person and an amazing baker ! ! we have never been disappointed and the price is always right ! ! could n't be happier with her work - highly highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in to get some sassy bites i 've been reading about on yelp fron nina . there was a great selection of different flavors . they looked so good i had one as soon as i got in my car . i will definitely be going to this place to have all my different occasion cakes made . thanks for the sassy bites nina ! they were delicious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife just brought home several of their sassy bites . uncooked balls of dough is what they were . unedible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the best cakes and cake balls . ( and yes , they 're cooked ) . you can tell by her attention to detail , her always friendly face , and by the passion she has for her product you will receive a delicious product created with love . we have bought several dozen cake balls for parties and have had custom cakes made by nina . by far the best we 've had . we are also the n the wedding business and i highly recommend her to all my brides . you absolutely will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a wonderful time , we 'll be back ! ! the girls are more than sweet , and the cakes and sassy bites are delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just picked up some cupcakes for our office 's monthly birthday celebrations and these cupcakes are amazing ! we did n't get any special designs , just cupcakes and frosting and they were beyond perfect . she even added some edible glitter on them to make them festive . of the 3 different flavor cakes we got , i tried the chocolate with caramel buttercream frosting . it was moist and flavorful ! the chocolate was n't too rich and the frosting was n't overpowering . we will most certainly use sassy cakes by nina again for our birthday treats ! thank you nina !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she is a true artist amazing at making not only cakes that look fantastic but taste great too . we used her for my daughters 13th birthday cake and it turned out great . there was so much detail put into the design i was blown away . love love love this place and would highly recommend her for your next cake , and do n't forget about trying her sassy bites which are a great way to eat cake as a finger food . lisa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing creations ! best customer service , and the cake was delicious . if you stop by to put in an order make sure to try the sassy bites . nina really did an amazing job and i will be back every time i need a cake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was fooled by the reviews . this was my first time ever going to a laundromat , and from the reviews , this placed seems like they would help me figure it out . well , i took my comforter in to wash today and the lady working was overly rude when i asked her questions . and if i did n't catch it the first time , she started speaking to me in a slow , degrading manner . she also told me i needed the biggest , $ 6 washer , which was probably actually a little excessive , but oh well . also , well over half of the machines are out of order . and the place is n't very clean for a laundry facility . maybe i just did n't come when the right employees were working , but these other reviews had my expectations a lot higher than they should have been .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a freakin ' dump . i went here about three weeks ago and you know what ? 13 of 23 dryers on one wall were out of order . yeah . ridiculous . one strip of washers ... only 6 of 10 were in working order . they 're super small so you ca n't fit much in , and the dryers take forever . i miss my electrolux washer and dryer so much : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good location . there is a nail salon right next door along with a smoke shop . it is a fairly empty strip mall . over half of the machines are out of order . i was able to find enough machines to do my laundry but there was no others left . they have an attendant to give you coins . they also have a couch , chairs and tvs along with video poker machines . $ 1.75 to wash and $ 0.25 for 8 minutes of drying .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i rated them one star only because zero stars is not an option . this place is horrible . a majority of the machines are always broken and not being fixed . not to mention the place is dirty , and on top of that the lady that works there has a terrible attitude . i 'm never going back . i 'll spend my money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i thought maybe after time had passed this place would have fixed their broken dryers , still not the case . fortunately the day i went i was able to find available dryers immediately . i came here for the big items i 'm unable to do at home . there 's a good variety of washing machine sizes . the large capacity washers range anywhere from $ 3.00 to $ 6.00 . i was able to wash 5 couch pillows in a $ 4.50 machine . it would be nice if they updated their broken machines , it just gives the place a run down feel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dirty , smelly , many broken washers & dryers ... . gross ! the picture posted on yelp is deceitful ! i would n't put my clothes in to wash because i was afraid of mold & mildew .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a disaster this place is . 46 out of 91 machines are out of order and the repair stickers on most are from 4 to 5 months ago ! needless you say there are few machines available to use so you have to wait forever for a free machine . it 's a great location so you would think the owner would care enough to watch over his business but apparently not . mind boggling . however , the young man at the counter was very apologetic and nice and it 's unfortunate that he gets the brunt of the complaints . zero stars", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to do laundry anywhere in vegas . like any laundromat , it has its pros and cons . i will list them here : pros : 1 . great customer service 2 . machines that do work , work very well . 3 . snacks drinks 4 . gambling 5 . bathroom 6 . in a nice area 7 . affordable laundry prices : $ 2.25 per wash $ 0.25 per 10 minutes of drying cons : 1 . most of the machines are out of order and do not work . 2 . place is old and dirty , needs major facelift 3 . needs more modern machines 4 . must bring own washing supplies ( can not purchase inside ) overall , i will still come here over anywhere else in las vegas . the owner is very very friendly and extremely helpful . there is hardly anyone there . and it 's not `` ghetto '' . i recommend it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "low reviews for the broken machines i understand , however , i use this place as a drop off laundry service and they are good . they turn around clothing in about a day and charge a dollar a pound or so . no complaints , friendly staff", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the worse place ever . 90 % of the machines are not working . i get the fact that most people in this city have their own machines and the only reason why i came here was to wash my comforters . but never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over 50 percent of the machines are broken or out of order completely.. i went in to wash and ended up leaving due to all three washers were being used ... totally ridiculous ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "other than the attendant being very helpful..thus place should be condemn..out of service tags on 90 % of machines.. attendant claims they are not broke just full with coins..not buying that . so he starts machine 4 me and i pay him . i pray comforter comes clean..and set properly..place is extremely old and dirty..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here the other day to wash a couple of comforters . this was my first time so i had no idea what to do . the guy behind the counter was very helpful in showing me what to do and what i need . there were a lot of machines out of service , but there are also a lot machines available to use .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a tremendous amount of extra time waiting around for a washer . did a little survey about broken equipment . the equipment that does work is dirty , caked with old dried detergent & bleach , doors barely close and looks about 40 years old . there are 35 washers total and 21 are broken ( 60 % ) : 13 broken out of 20 small $ 1.50 load , 7 broken out of 10 medium $ 3 load , both $ 4.50 large washers were working ( miracles of miracles ) , 1 broken out of 3 largest $ 6 load ... . there are 40 dryers total and 22 are broken ( 55 % ) . i will spend the $ 200 and get the washer fixed at home so i do n't ever need to come back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes , many machine 's are out of order , but it is clean ! when i say clean ... i mean that i 'm a germaphobe and i did n't want to run out of there . also , the guy that works there , i think his name is lee ... he 's super nice and helpful . during my temporary needs for a laundromat , i will be going back there for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is 90 % of the machines do not work . the place is as ghetto as it comes . i did n't feel threatened , but i wish there was somewhere else to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a have read a few previous comment and i almost choose a different place to wash my stuff . i hate when the people beaching ... it 's true a few machine out of order but the rest was bullshit ... no smell , the atmosphere was good , staff was really helpful . i was happy with this laundry : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good location to get your ton of laundry done . they have plenty of machines , for the most part . they have quite a few broken ones , but the working ones get the job done . the place is pretty clean and lee and joey are very helpful and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible ! ! do n't waste your time . been there a couple of times now . each time more of the machines were broken . today at least 50 % of the washers and 80 % of the dryers were broken . last time the same machines were broken . they are not repairing these machines . i assume they are waiting for the place to completely die . i will never go to this place again . it 's not normal wear and tear , they are simply not repairing the machines , ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've ended up at this laundromat several times over the years i 've lived in henderson . if this is the best laundromat around ( which it pretty much is , judging by yelp ratings ) , that 's sad . over 50 % ( well over 50 % ) of the dryers do n't work . this place is seriously falling apart . so why the halfway-decent rating ? the staff really is great . the attendant helped us to locate a working dryer and offered his assistance to get some of the heavier items into the dryer . he tried to anticipate our complaints about non-working units and offset them by showing us which machines work the best . he allowed us to use some of the house dryers that are usually reserved for drop-off orders because all the dryers were in use - it sure beat waiting for others to finish . in the end , i 'd probably return simply because i know the service will be stellar . while this place lacks functionality because so many things are broken , it still beats dealing with rude attendants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "over 1 2 of machines broken . place is nasty dirty . just do n't bother going to this hole . i would rather use the sink a drip dry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is terrible ... very dirty , many machines not working and very very dated ! staff is helpful but they are not empowered to do anything", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple times to wash bedding . yesterday ( 1 24 15 ) saturday afternoon was not so great in there . they have literally a handful of large capacity washers which a majority were either broke or for management only . i believe there was 2 or 3 working and in use . the employee let me use one of his , i just had to wait about 10 mins for it . then time for the dryer . you guessed it . out of about 20 dryers , most broke , there were about 5-6 for patrons which were in use . ended up trying to dry huge comforter at home . sigh not a good outcome . i will also mention a couple doors down is a barber shop.. i am pretty sure i got a contact high walking through the parking lot . so all and all , next time i will go to laundromat in maryland parkway across from boulevard mall . seemed a lot less problematic . and there is a bar next door", "score": "1"}
{"review": "half the washers do not work , they are dirty and if there is any staff members i dit not see any ... so thanks but no thanks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here tonight for fluff and fold service because our washer broke and we were in a bind . they were so nice and although they were booked , they took our laundry and had it cleaned and folded in 2 hours . they were incredible about helping us out . definitely recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm here because my washer broke and i have to wait for the apartments to receive the new one . i only came to wash since my dryer works fine , and it seems that more than half the machines are out of service . i feel bad for those that do n't have a washer or dryer at home . i understand it 's not a 5 star hotel but at least get 75 % of the machines to work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there were only about 5 dryers that we 're not broken available for use by customers , the rest of the working ones were for staff use only . when i was in a line of people waiting to utilize the working dryers one of the staff ladies allowed a gentleman to cut ahead of all of us and use the staff dryers which i thought was kind of annoying . after i was finally able to use a dryer it ate my quarters , the solution to this was the staff member beating the machine with a hammer . overall i think this place is terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "long story short ... this being my first time at a public wash facility you ca n't help but love the man behind the counter . lee is an outstanding man and the level of customer service he provides is exceptional . after mistakenly drying my clothes on the wrong setting ( first timer again ) and destroying a portion of my clothing lee stepped in and helped me fix things . which helped me complete a drive from las vegas nv to fort leonardwood missouri in just the right time . thanks so much for the help lee . i will be definitely returning in the furture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "previous comments are true . 80 % to 90 % of the dryers are broken ... been there few times same old thing . none of the dryers are ever fixed . waste of time going there ! ca n't wait for my new dryer to arrive soon !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most the machines were out of order and those that `` worked '' did not really . icky , dirty , nasty . i get that laundromats are not glamorous , but really ? filthy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first , just try finding a laundromat on henderson ... is there another one ? mostly clean overall , but the real issue is the absurd number of machines not working . i counted 14 dryers , and of those , 11 were out of service . there were post-it notes all over the place stating out of order . i have never seen anything like it . i bet by next week nothing will be left available . how do operate this way ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here once a year , when winters done . we get our heavy blankets washed and cleaned for next winter . i come here because the establishments clean , the restrooms clean and the lady that watches the place is super nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have had to use this laundromat for the last few weeks after ours broke and flooded our house . every week we come and there are fewer and fewer machines working . more than half the dryers were broke today and it does n't seem they are getting any fixed and more and more are breaking . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't go to laundromats very often . like once very few years . usually when i run out of clean clothes on vacation . so i 'm not an expert on them . the lady working there was nice . and the washer and dryers were fast but a ton of the dryers ( more than half maybe ) were out of order . it was n't super busy when i went but i 'm sure that it could be a problem when it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owners and employees are nice enough , but at least half of the machines are out of order consistently . i guess it 's not that big of a deal some days , but when it 's busy , there 's no chance you 'll be able to use a machine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to coin-op laundry places before . i know what to expect . i did n't expect what i saw at this place . i arrived at about 6:15pm . the sign said last wash should occur at 6:30pm . even still , after i had started my loads the lady came by and was asking when i would be done and whatnot . leave me alone lady . i know you want to go home , i understand , but i did nothing wrong . the place is filthier than most laundromats . a difficult task to accomplish . the worst part about this place is the amount of broken machines . more than half the driers are out of service . more than a third of the washers are out of service . stuff brakes , i understand . however ... .besides rent , the main operating cost is servicing the machines . why is this not a priority with these people ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome dryer and attendant . or stuff broke and this was easy , right near the gym , planet fitness . maybe cheaper than getting new appliances .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place over a month ago and surprisingly this place is still in business even if the facility is n't maintained properly , more than half of its dryers and washers are n't working , place is unsanitary to say the least , employees are n't dressed professionally , most of the time change machine do n't work . i only went there because it was the only laundromat nearby that accepts coins for washing clothes and drying them . i do n't recommend this place to anyone period .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean place but majority machines are not working ! ! ! ! clean place but lack of machines what gave the least star", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only reason this place gets one star is because of the helpful staff.. my clothes literally caught on fire while in the drier ... many of the driers were out of service so has me wondering how many other fires have been put out . i feel the fire department needs to make a visit . the staff was apologetic and took my burnt clothes for the owner to assess and call me . that was 2 weeks ago . i never heard from the owner ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "more than 50 % of their washers and dryers are out of order or not for public use ! ! ! unbelievable . get it together already .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no issues here , very inexpensive , guy on duty was nice . not fancy , but decent place to get the job done . glad i ran across it . i 'd return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i leave it for them to do . great folks . great service . fair prices . ca n't ask for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place always has different prices . the pizza is always ice cold and they never wash their hands . and the prices are ridiculous . better off somewhere else . not to mention how greasy the pizza is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm with dee on the above review , i love this place and stop by to grab a slice whenever i am up at crocker park . this is the only place in cleveland that i know that serves ny style pizza , no dominoes sbarro 's does not count ! they also serve calzones , subs , pepperoni rolls , canolli 's and other sweets like tiramisu . also , the prices here do rock and you get much more than you paid for . very cheap eats , 2 giant pizzas are $ 20 's . i 'm thankful that someone in the cleveland area can finally make authenic ny style pizza and i know , i lived in nyc for 2 years . the staff is also very friendly at casa vella . will continue to go back and back . i think they also deliver in the westlake area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't care what anyone says . i love this pizza place . it 's the place my family orders from when we have family get togethers . when i worked at crocker park it was my favorite place for lunch . it 's everything i love about pizza . the slices are huge new york style . crisp crust that 's still chewy . fresh toppings . the pizzas are huge and filled with tons of toppings . by far my abolute favorite in cleveland and the surrounding neighborhoods ( yes i have had angelos and sweet basil and all those others ) today i tried a cannoli . filled to order with ricotta cheese custard ... gives restaurants in little italy a run for their money . also their prices pretty much rock . two huge cheese slices for 5 bucks ? yep .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the 5 star was given to this establishment for service . my us air flight was cancel & the airline put me up at this hotel . i was given sleep inn front desk number to arraign a shuttle pick up & ron who was the manager on duty that night was awesome . he gave me clear direction out of the airport & upon arrival , he was very accommodating by offering toothbrush , deodorant , shower cap etc knowing that my suitcase was still at the airports . the shuttle driver who i did n't get his name was also awesome . great people skill even at 1am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've stayed here quite a few times . i think they remodeled the rooms before i started staying here . they have nice comfy beds a lot of pillows flat screen tv cable . all the things u need if you r bored in your room . fridge microwave are nice too . decent breakfast the normal complimentary stuff nothing to write home about they do have a pool but it 's closed right now . if your passing through charlotte there are far worse places to stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , smelled clean , looked clean , everything from the lobby to the elevator to the hallways to the room . the entire hotel appeared fresh & well maintained . staff was attentive upon arrival & called the room phone to ask how things were ! the staff treated us as well as the $ 350 per night hotel we had left behind in charleston ! they obviously are really trying to do a good job , which is gratifying . the room was bright , modern and well appointed . beds were comfortable . good style & color choices . ac worked well even with the temp outside around 100+ . shower was like a space pod from a sci fi movie & had a real glass door , not a lousy shower curtain ( hate those things ) . pool was on the small side but most hotel pools are pretty much for dipping not swimming . overall this was an excellent choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying we have a dog . it is often difficult to find a local hotel that will accept dogs or will accept them without a huge fee . we read the reviews and honestly , it did not sound very promising but it was the only place that did n't say something about meth labs or crack dens so we hoped for the best . we got far more . we had a really lovely room . the design was quite cute , modern and very clean . the location is apparently close to the airport ( according to the other reviews ) but it is also only a 10 minute drive to downtown . some other reviews say the customer service is lacking . we did not find that either . all in all it was the perfect ending to our vacation !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i booked the last room on a saturday night and it was a hearing mobility room . i arrived around 2 am and had to park on a curb bc all the spots were taken . tired from the road it did n't take long to crash out . the room was clean , cool , and comfortable . i skipped breakfast so idk about that . a decent short stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "checked in at 8:45pm on march 27 , 2014 . published room rate listing was not available and they would not honor aarp discount . went to the room desk chair was broken and light over one of the beds did n't work . informed desk and was told they could not fix the problems in spite of sign saying they would fix any problems immediately . was offered another room but moving out would just be another hassle . i guess swapping the chair was not an option . desk clerk was certainly unconcerned about the problems . went back to the room turned on the ncaa dayton stanford game . picture was so bad i could n't even read the score on the bottom of the screen . this area has numerous hotels available , i would guess all of them would be a better option then sleep inn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we noticed a `` safe deposit '' fee on our statement days after leaving this property , even though we did not use it . airport shuttle van needs new windshield wipers , which was noticed during our transit from the airport to motel . bed and pillows sink in and that makes for a strained neck in the morning . check-in and check-out process went smoothly . breakfast options were diverse .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a pretty clean and nice place to stay for the price . however the front desk people are not very friendly as i was checking in the lady was very rude . the next morning i woke up so early because i could n't sleep 445 ish went downstairs to check on coffee and breakfast time and the two lady 's that were working at the front acted as if i was bothering them by interrupting there social hour talk by asking a question . bad customer service rating ... if it was n't for the rude employees down stairs i think i would have given a couple more stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very clean ! the front desk staff is curtesy and efficient . our room smelled and looked great . beds very comfortable . would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed here while in charlotte for a meeting . first impressions were not good . the desk clerk was busy on the phone taking a reservation and did n't bother to acknowledge me standing there . the lobby and breakfast room are being renovated and are a mess . the workers had left bottles of water and various equipment in the hallway stairwell . not professional at all . i passed on the breakfast as i did n't really want to eat it while surrounded by construction debris and dust . i really wish that their web site had alerted me to the renovations . the room was clean , nice sized and in pretty good shape . the bed was comfortable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loveeeee this place . if you have never been sign up for their rewards program ! it 's free ! i always reach platinum each year and i get really good perks ! ( discounts , free product samples and more ! ) i could literally stay in here for hours looking at everything . they have clearance right by the counter when you check out ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this ulta is friendly and helpful . the problem here is the shelves . often empty and dirty . this could be a managerial issue or maybe it 's the store being understaffed . it 's a bummer because ulta carries a lot of brands i ca n't get anywhere else in gastonia . so , yeah , i will keep going because i do n't want to drive to charlotte .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lauren made my first benefit brow bar experience an amazing one . i 'll be back for many future appointments . the reason i have n't made it to the brow bar yet is they are always so booked and i never know my schedule . i walked in to buy foundation , asked when her next appointment was and she told me she 'd fit me in right after her current client . she helped with tips on filling in my brows as well as being super friendly overall . i would recommend her to every girl who wants their brows done right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going into ulta . i sit down in the makeup isle and a beautiful , fresh made up face , nicely dressed lady comes over and helps me find just the right products for my face , eyes , brows and i always get a lesson in application . love their sales booths !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's so nice to have this big store in gastonia . lots of selections a lot of hair dryers and hair straighteners to choose from i have never had trouble with my choices being out of stock . get a ultra card for extra savings the staff has differing knowledge levels , ask for some one who knows the products if you want help", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorry , this review was supposed to be posted back in june 2013 . loved this store , great customer service , super organized , etc . i loved the rep 's eye makeup and complimented her on her eyeliner and asked for a recommendation for liguid liners . we had an in-depth discussion about how awesome benefit make up was and yup she gave me some free benefit samples ! yay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did not like this location at all ! the first impression you get from the store front is a dirty and sloppy paint job that 's chipping away which makes you wonder if you should really be buying makeup here if they ca n't even care for their own store . customer service is horrible and the whole store is a mess . i was trying to buy a drugstore product and i asked a worker if i could swatch it since there was no tester and she said no , they do n't swatch that brand . are you serious ? i 'm not going to purchase makeup if i ca n't swatch it to know if it matches my skin tone . i then went to hair styling products area and everything was labeled wrong . it was super difficult to find what i wanted . i will definitely be making the extra drive to find a different ulta in charlotte next time because this one was just so disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very disappointed in this location . shelves in butter area were dusty . i had just rec 'd plat ( gift w purch ) cpn the day before , yet they had none at checkout . this was mid-week , maybe thurs . i asked assoc if she could offer something else similar . no . she did n't say that it had been such a popular freebie.. that they had given them all out . the butter section was n't picked over or barren . it was more like they had n't been unpacked & she could n't be bothered to check . indifferent for sure . no sale .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "because it was easy ... i rolled in for a little del taco flavor given that it was cinco de mayo . there was only one car ahead of me as i pulled into the dt drive-thru . given that it was a `` cheat '' day , i ordered up a 1000+ calorie meal for myself and some chow for the gf and the boy . the service was nice and the order was made with ease . normally , i would move to a sparsely populated section of the parking lot to devour my meal . but ... ..that was the old me . i took the meal home . much like anything else that you order out and take home ... dt does not travel well . with that being said..condensation knocks a meal down a few notches . this is not dt 's fault . once again ... del taco is as del taco does . a solid a-ok meal all the way around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having been through the drive through before , this was my first experience with the indoor dining area . there were seven in our party and we were ready to grub . the dining area was very clean and the service was more than adequate . most everybody got a fish taco with their order and was impressed with the freshness and flavor . i opted for beef nachos . no skimpy portion size here . less than fifty bucks for seven people ( including my two man children ) is pretty darn good . everybody left full and satisfied . friendly staff , cleanliness , and good , cheap eats is hard to beat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how are you going to make me sit in the drive thru and repeat my order 2 twice because your too busy laughing to what someone said inside and not paying attention to the people who are waiting patiently . and on top of that because your laughing so hard when i get home and check my food to start eating with my family . i look at the receipt and the food on the counter and you forgot my french fries . yea maybe not the biggest thing to worry about , but i paid for them and you did n't give it to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i order from here often . the staff is amazing the food is as good of quality as you can expect from del taco . the price is good for what you get . i would rather eat here than taco bell . however anytime i get a burrito its always cold in the middle and the last time i ordered 9 tacos on taco tuesday i only got 8 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent fast food style tacos burritos at a pretty good price . staff was friendly , but they need to do something about the wait in the drive-thru . been the other del tacos around town and this one seems to be the slowest out of them all . always a wait no matter what time you go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everything is great , but those 1 2 pound bean and cheese burrito with red sauce on the side ... .. yaaaaaaas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand new del taco location up in centennial hills just off 95 and durango . open 24-hours like other locations . pretty good service and consistent food , always know what to expect from del taco . this location is often not quite as busy as the one in centennial center , nice to have an option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "del taco is always my number one food choice outside of cooking at home . when i 'm in california or vegas the service is great but as of the last time service was horrible and the front desk did not care at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their food is excellent ! their quesadillas are excellent ! it is a very nice fast food restaurant ! great place ! i 'd give a 5 star rating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being an oc native , home of del taco , i 've been hooked on it for a long time . love their fries more than all other places with the exception of in-n-out . value ca n't be beat . this location is clean with friendly service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had n't been there for awhile but really wanted tacos , so i stopped by . i went in the drive thru and asked for supreme tacos . i was told they do n't make them any more but that i could pay 40 cents per taco to get it added . i declined . i ordered and paid for the del taco tacos and took them home . once home , i noticed i had the `` value '' tacos instead . there were no tomatoes and hardly any lettuce , cheese , and meat . all of the shells were broken . did n't feel like driving back up there , so i just ate and decided it would be a very long time before i 'd go again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cust service sucks here . they are nice , but do not listen to the cust . so if u want turkey tacos u might not get them . and if u do get the tacos they will not be portioned properly . too many people that do n't care work there . also they are slow . when u mention something is not right they stare a blank look at you . they really do n't know what to do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was told my brother in law is always eating at this place . we needed a late night bite to eat . we bought some spicy quesadillas , it was n't that good . i barely tasted the cheese but more green taco sauce . my lady did n't care for the chicken taco either . maybe we got the wrong choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this del taco has especially fresh and tasty food . the staff is always friendly and fast . even late at night it has a line and it 's still quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service here can be a little slow , especially at night , but overall it 's worth the wait . the one complaint i 've had about the food is that they tend to be a little skimpy on the cheese in the tacos . the ingredients are very fresh and flavorful , and the workers generally have a positive disposition , which goes a long way towards earning my forgiveness for the wait . on taco tuesday , it 's possible to get a generous meal for two people with leftovers for under $ 10 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "currently sitting in the drive thru still 3 cars away from the window after being in line for 20 minutes . when my order was being taken she had to repeat it several different times before she got it right . i only ordered a couple of things with zero modifications . i 'm just annoyed at this point .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i needed just a quick eye exam for my contact prescription and this place satisfied that need . the least expensive of what i could find in a 10 mile radius as i was n't willing to spend a ton . the staff was disorganized but friendly . overall , for my basic needs they were great . they seemed to have a huge selection of glasses but i did n't browse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wondering if the two pair deal is too good to be true ? it is . i went in on a thursday afternoon . two people were working and there was only one other customer in the store . one employee greeted me and then returned to he desk to play on his cell phone . i shopped for about a half hour trying on frames and finally left because no one would help me . the moral of the story : no one will help you if you are standing by the $ 79 frames .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure why , but there were far more frames for men than women . most women 's frames were of the skinny horizontal rectangular shape- most looking the same . to their credit , they did n't hound or follow us around , which we appreciated , but the selection was meek . nothing unique or 'cool ' looking . if you want run of the mill this is your place . we didn't.. so we moved on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are looking for cheap frames that are made in china ( most of them ) - perfect store for you . most of the frames look alike with very little variety . we ordered sunglasses for my daughter that she can use during sports - they had to send it out . when we ordered - they said it 'll be about a week & they 'll call us when it comes back . 2 weeks later - have n't heard a thing from them & when i called them , i was told they were in their `` call tray '' . they are terribly understaffed , always have to wait forever to get any service but they are nice . if you are looking for decent quality & variety of frames and want prompt service - do yourself a favor and go elsewhere ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "olympia is really branching out and trying new things . they have different food specials each day of the week and even bring out some fun things for the kids to do out front . my niece loved playing in the bouncy house and running around the sprinkler . they also serve beer inside for the parents watching their kids in the bouncy house . there 's an arcade , candy shop , and ice cream inside . something for everybody ! the staff was very friendly and seem like they genuinely care about their customers . go olympia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olympia serves toft 's ice cream which is awesome . they also carry many types of candies . they feature local products from dairy to salsa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olympia now serves food ! fab burgers with ground beef from a local independent butcher . the owner supports local suppliers and is a big community supporter . everybody loves bob because he takes time to say hi , asks where you 're from , and makes sure your ice cream cone ( 40 flavors ) or tuna steak or sweet potato fries were to your liking . no snootiness here ! and the staff is empowered to help you . how refreshing . make sure you get a spot on the patio . play corn hole . spin the whacky wheel . buy lottery tickets . have a beer . buy a pi\u00f1ata . and check out the gourmet ohio made products . they make gourmet caramel corn which is the best on the planet . and the cashew brittle is addictive and easy on the teeth . this place started as a chocolate factory 100 years ago , then added the ice cream , and is also a restaurant as of 2011 . this is a popular place for bus groups , soccer teams , classic car and hog stops , and free wi-fi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to olympia since i was a little kid . i love it . they have over 30 flavors of ice cream and a wide variety of chocolates . what i really love about olympia is that they sell products made in ohio ! i think this is great because everyone is so caught up in chain businesses . they also have a large assortment of candy . my favorite flavor of ice cream they have is raspberry buga-boo ... raspberry and chocolate are one of my favorite combinations ! i recommend olympia candies to everyone , you 'll love all they have to offer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has everything . about 30 different hard ice cream flavors , including dairy free & sherbets . baked goods , breads , sweets . they also have a candy section . chocolates , hard candies , fruity candies . there are tables booths available to sit down and eat , because they also have tons of different foods . the special when i was there is cabbage rolls ! there 's also gyros , sandwiches , etc.. definitely a unique spot for a wide variety of everything food wise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i go back to olympia there 's something different and better . so now , in addition to candies , and chocolates , and really good ice cream , there is table service and a grill menu and also salads and wraps . ca n't really complain about the service , nearly everyone in the store talked to us at one point or another . the price was a little high , drinks , two burgers and one regular fries and one sweet potato fries came to $ 28 including the tip . the food was good , hot and served quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "olympia rocks ! come here every year for the swiss nut mellow , and peanut butter eggs . they also have a old fashioned ice cream parlor that beats the socks out of dq . i also heard they added a restaurant , i have yet to try it though . this is not just another candy store , it is a true destination store . candy , truffles , chocolates , popcorn , ohio made products , cards , gifts , ice cream , food , you name it they have it ! they also have a old fashioned penny candy section , which you ca n't beat . overall , this is one of the best candy stores around , and if you are in the cleveland area , olympia is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super fun place for kids and adults alike ! there is an entire room of chocolate in all sorts of shapes , sizes and flavors . another room has old fashioned candies and penny candy . there 's also a fun arcade , and they serve hot grilled food and toft 's ice cream . it 's a really fun place to bring the family to on a weekend or weekday . give the kids a dollar and they can fill up a bag with penny candies , which are actually priced at 5 cents each . my daughter loves it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they know how to treat people . dr barbin is as gentle as they come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. barbin is amazing , quick visit in and out . she really cares about her patients . she is not the closest dentist to my house but would drive to her dentist office over the competition . i would recommend her to my friends and family : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i can say from this place is that is clean , stuff is very friendly specially the dr francesca barbin , good service , and they received me right away", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an absolutely wonderful place ; i love them ! i lost the cap to my crown ( placed at least 6 years ago by another dentist ) and thought i would need a replacement . with no dental insurance , this was a really expensive prospect but the doctor was able to re-cement the tooth ( i understand this ca n't always be done ) , and personally cleaned my teeth without any financial drama . she was personable , answered all my questions , and gave me helpful tips on maintaining my teeth . not your typical nerd dentist at all . also , the check in staff and dental assistant ( jackie ) were absolutely first rate . this my my first time here ( went on a friend 's recommendation ) , and i will be back ! thanks for taking great care of me , ladies . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am usually pretty fair on my reviews but this company was awful . here was my experience : called to schedule a cab ride to the airport 2 hours before i needed to leave . the operator , whom had a very difficult time understanding english , took down my information . two hour came and went , no taxi in sight . called the company , same operator as before , to have them tell me that they `` ran our of taxis and cant pick us up '' . he was not apologetic , his response was `` call yellowcab '' then gave me their number . do not use this company ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had a few run ins with this cab company . now i have never used their services and after tonight i will for sure never use them . had a driver ( cab # 512 at 8:30pm on 7 11 2013 off ramp of 202 and priest ) make an illegal right hand turn and come into my lane . i honked and he tries to force his way over still . he found out that f-150 does not move for little car . after this attempt he hits the gas in his car and cuts me off then break checks me . i have seen some bad driving from this company before , but this was just reckless driving . i have tried to call their number a few times but keep getting voice mail . left a message and no call back . for your own safety use another company ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took this cab co from phx airport . the cab was okay inside , not the cleanest i 've ever seen , but not horrid either . biggest issue ? he took my payment on a tablet + square ( type ) device , and said he had to email me the receipt . he asked me twice to enter in the email address . yet i never got the receipt ! guess who does n't get reimbursed for business expenses without a receipt ? ! ... . this dummy who took mayflower ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cab smelled awful and the driver was extremely rude . the hotel was only 3 miles away which he complained about the entire ride , the meter was $ 8 , i had to pay $ 16 for airport pickup minimum charge , ok i get that , then he complained because i was n't paying cash ( if you only want cash say no when a customer asks if you take credit before entering the cab ) . then called me cheap because he did n't feel a $ 10 tip was sufficient for 5 mins of driving and rude conversation . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got scammed by the driver in car # 560 . took us for stupid foreign tourists and ran the cab off meter , claiming it was broken . ended up charging us $ 30 for what should have been a $ 16 fare . called dispatch in the morning and they took down my info and will send me a check for the $ 14 he overcharged us for . he was apologetic . a full refund would have been better but ill take $ 14 . this was the first of several annoyances in our 9 hour layover in phoenix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rudest cab driver we 've ever had in taxi # 560 . he picked us up at the airport in phoenix . we asked to be taken a certain way . driver ignored the request and so it was repeated . driver reprimanded us for saying it to him twice . then , informed us he was the cab driver and we were n't . rude , rude , rude . take any other taxi but not mayflower . look at the rest of the yelp reviews . this company has never been rated higher than a 1-star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "driver # 511 was erratic and almost rear ended another vehicle twice while speeding and following too close going to the phoenix , az airport . not too mention doing so while talking on his cell phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude driver # 500 , he does n't even know how to drive.. never again using this company . the owner should consider training his drivers better or hiring others", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as has already been lodged , i was asked for cash . he did n't resist but was clearly annoyed that i wanted to pay with plastic . he used some generic ( read : not square ) payment system on a small tablet . could have been a skimmer for all i know . i never got the receipt i was supposed to get so that 'll be an issue for the expense report . i will skip mayflower next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i never used this taxi company before and i never will ! ! ! i was driving on the i10 a mayflower cab was changing lanes and almost hit me , i did not honk ! he rolls down his window and flips me off like it was my fault ? ! i continue my drive thinking i just hit bad luck , the mayflower cab was swerving , tail gating , slams on his breaks , and almost hit 3 other cars and flipped them off too . i got it all recorded because he was driving like hes drunk so i started recording . i called mayflower and told them also gave his license plate number , but i still wan na warn those using it . be careful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i booked the car service online 2 days in advance to take my parents to the sky harbor . the driver did n't show up ! ! ! on their web site they say they are available 24 7-that 's not true . when i tried to call them at 5 am ( that was the pick up time ) , answering machine kindly asked me to call back during working the hours which are 9 to 5 . do n't use them if still want to catch your flight .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude driver . use cabs occasionally to from airport . i already switched to uber for getting `` to '' airport , but usually coming back i use cab ... even though it is 2x the cost . but i 'm not so sure anymore . ever uber lyft driver i have ever used , has been exceptionally polite ... probably because they build their brand on their reputation . he wasnt exceptionally rude . but it was a less than pleasant experience to have a dude be rude 2x in front of my wife . i vote with my dollars bro , your out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst cab service ive ever used ! jumped into a mayflower cab from sky harbor . midway through the drive , the driver turned on the meter , only to arrive at my destination to look up the milage from the airport to my house . he then proceeded to charge me off of that and not the meter , which was just shy of $ 60 ! i will never use this company again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't ever go here . i went to amanda and not only did she turn my blonde highlights orange the first time she did a worse job the second time trying to fix my hair . plus charged me 55 $ for trim on top of it oh and then after she screws up my hair gives me a card for another stylist and says `` you probably should she her next time because she knows how to do your color better than i. horrible horrible horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my hair cut here today and it was one of the worst haircuts i have ever received . i asked for a cut to my collarbones with long layers . i recently grew out my bangs and made it explicitly clear that i did not want to have them cut . i received a cut with the longest layer to the collar and the shortest well above my ear . i also now have bangs that i can no longer put into a ponytail . needless to say with these ridiculous layers , i look awful . they also charged me $ 10 more than the $ 45 listed on their website . though the stylist ( lela ) took her time doing the cut , she did n't do what i asked for and now i am stuck with terrible hair for the next 6 months . do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is out of control lol ! my hair turned orange after two washes . called to let them know and to get a re-do . receptionist took it pretty personal that i did not like my hair . she kept insisting they are a professional salon . i re-booked with another stylist because kristina was taking the day off . i sent an email to show how my hair was orange and her reply was to ask for shampoo i 'm using . this is not a shampoo issue- even a bottle of 99 cent shampoo would not make my hair turn this bright of orange . i called back to cancel because i found someone who is a master colorist . they had no record of me and the person hung up the phone . i thought to myself , great glad i found someone else -would of be horrible to show up and they have no idea who i am ! now they call me 4 days later to confirm the appointment ! what a cluster of a mess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been coming to rumors for several months ( following a bad experience at another local salon ) . kendra does my color and cut and she is fantastic . i always bring photos of new color or styles i would like to try ( and we all know how unrealistic it is to ask for a celebrity style as they typically have extensions , etc. ) . kendra nails it each and every time . she is very patient and prides herself on really listening to her clients to understand exactly what they are looking for . the only reason that i did not give the salon five stars is beacuse they use thinning shears , which are not good for your hair . ( thinning really should be done freehand . ) but , again , my hair always look fabulous when i walk out the door and that is what matters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as someone who use to go to great clips and regis , i was terrified to go to a high end salon but rumors was wonderful . becky does my hair and i love her ! i always get compliments and it is not that expensive . it is however worth every penny ! i love rumors and becky !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to scottsdale in 2009 and spent the first 6 months going to some discount salon that jacked up my hair . in desperation i wandered in to rumors and asked if they had anyone who does black hair . lo and behold , lauren keeler ! she saved my hair . my hair is in better condition now than it has ever been -in my whole life . strangers compliment me , friends pet my hair . i have recommended lauren to just about everyone i know . the ones who went acknowledge her genius . the ones who did n't still look like they do their own hair . .. you know that look . .. my hair has grown 6 inches , i do n't get nearly as many split ends . she not only gives a great cut , but most importantly she understands hair . lauren keeler . do it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "devina is amazing ! i have sent others to her and they always have the same experience ! she is literally the only person in the valley that can get my blonde right ! if you 're a blonde , or really any hair type , ask for devina .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to rumor 's salon for the last few years and have never had a bad experience ! spesifically , i always go to amanda b. who is not only professional but extremely personalable . she makes me feel super comfortable and does n't make me feel silly when i try to explain what i want out of a cut or color but do n't know stylist-speak . she pays close attention to detail and listens to what i want . she 's even cut my kiddo 's hair beautifully which is always a challenge with young , impatient child ! even when i 'm not sure what i want , i trust amanda and her vision and she always delivers ! i highly recommend her to anyone wanting to check out rumors . you wo n't be dissapointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandy . is . amazing . i 've never had trust in a stylist . she nails my color request every time and i leave that place looking amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mihai did an amazing job this afternoon coloring my hair . he also does excellent scalp and neck massages and is very knowledgeable in hair care and styling techniques . i would recommend him to anyone looking for a new stylist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! mihai is my stylist for about a year now and i could n't be happier , this guy knows his stuff . the staff is sweet . the salon is huge and very clean . great location . five star service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in need of a good hair cut and color so i got on yelp and searched for a salon in the area . i decided to try this place based off the great reviews ! they were able to get me an appointment that day with no problems . the receptionist asked what i needed and which stylist i preferred . i told her i had not been to the salon before so i do not have a preference . she booked me with brandy and i am so thrilled that she did ! brandy was excellent ! i showed her a photo of what i wanted and she was really excited to do it . she executed it perfectly and gave the most amazing massage while she was washing my hair . she was personable and talkative when i was yet was quiet and just worked on my hair when i was quiet which was nice . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words for you ... ashley haskins ! ! being a guy who hates change , it was difficult for me to change stylists . my old guy was inconsistent with both the cut and price . finally had to change . ashley cuts my hair the exact same way every time and she very fair with the price . i am thinning and she does a great job keeping my haircut current . she has an extremely large amount of clients - mostly women getting color and or extensions ( learned that there ! ) , but plan ahead and she always accommodates you . she takes a , `` hair do n't '' to a `` hair do ! '' she truly is a find ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after moving to scottsdale a few months ago , i needed a new hair stylist and colorist . thank goodness for yelp . it led me to nicole at rumors hair salon . i had an important interview and she helped make sure i looked my best . i highly recommend nicole ! 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a fabulous new haircut from dustin ! could not be happier . he is the best i 've seen in a long time . thanks , dustin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when you head to rumors , make sure you ask for becky lilley ! she 's been doing my hair for over a year and it is always perfect . she is professional , fashionable , and as sweet as can be . she has a lot of education & knowledge , and will be able to make you look incredible . i have sent many friends and family members to her , and no one is ever disappointed . her rates are very reasonable for the high quality product you will receive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a color change done by tatiana.she is really talented , my hair looks amazing both color and cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicole at rumors is so great and so sweet . i always trust her completely . i am trying to grow out my hair and she has been so helpful , just a trim and never more than i want cut off . my hair is doing better than ever , and i actually like going to the salon because i feel comfortable and she does an amazing job . thanks nicole !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "becky did my hair and she was awesome ! ! i never trust my hair to anyone because , well my hair is really healthy and i do n't want someone ruining it . she lightening me up ( from my natural black ) and did red . my hair looks great . it 's still shinny and healthy ! thanks becky ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i walked in i was greeted with a friendly staff . becky gerblick gave me a tour of the salon and i felt very comfortable . i received an amazing scalp massage along with a blow dry style . i will defiantly be going back to see becky for my hair needs when i come back to phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this salon when i first moved here and found the best stylist - becky . easy to get an appointment , always on time and does a great job with my color .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth every penny ! i came to see mihai and his assistant paige to correct a horrible color gone wrong from another place . my hair was orange and fried to death . i was crying and panicking until my appointment coming to rumors . they fit me in the next day because of my situation i am so relived that they were able to correct the color and salvage most of my hair . we have some more work to do to correct the horrible damage that was done previously but i do n't need to worry anymore , they are miracle workers ! ! ! thank you so much ! mihai is the best in scottsdale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place to get your hair done and especially by mihai ! he knows hair and what works best and what products to use . you will not be disappointed at all , he will make you feel so welcome and you will enjoy his personality and how easy it is to talk about your hair . i have been looking for a stylist like mihai for years and i have finally found someone that knows my hair and how to work it , it had become a struggle , but now i 'm passionate about taking care of my hair with the right maintenance , his care and the right products to use . thank you soo much mihai and jessica too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my hair cut from greg ... now i usually do n't like to tell people where i get my hair done because he does such a great job ... but he deserves some mad recognition . i moved to san diego last year and fly out here just to get my hair done from him ... i dont even have to tell him what i want he does it great every time and i do n't even stress ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mihai is the master ! i came here all the way from miami to get balayage done by mihai , and he surpassed my expectations . i have dark , thick hair and mihai looked at my hair and knew how to work with it . i love my hair , its natural and no brassiness . i will fly back here to scottsdale next time i need to do my hair , mihai is worth it all . thank you so much , im so glad i found you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this salon for the first time today and i will definitely be back ! i called when they opened and they were able to get me in within 2 hours . i was scheduled to have tori do my hair and she did a great job ! i originally wanted to do all over color but she suggested hi-lites to help even out a not so great color job that i had . it took a couple of hours but my hair looks great , both color and style . i 'm so happy that i 've found a new hair salon . i would recommend tori to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time at rumors salon and holly cut my hair . she listened to exactly what i wanted and did a fabulous job . i will definitely go back to have holly do my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rumors is a great salon and i only go to kendra ! ! i have been seeing her for about 3 years now and she always does a great job ! she will take what you want done and make it current with the styles while also making sure it fits your face and lifestyle . i always go to her and come out looking like a million bucks ! ! ! awesome atmosphere , very clean and upscale salon- but kendra is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my hair done by lauren again yesterday . my hair looks perfect , lauren did an amazing job as always ! i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mauricio is fabulous ! he is a whizz at color and fantastic haircut . i will be back many times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave me a free bang trim and i was a new customer . i was so impressed and lauren did it really well ! she was super nice too . i called late in the evening and was so happy to get an emergency bang trim ... for free ! ca n't wait to go back for a haircut", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hair always looks gorgeous . my cut and color is amazing and i get compliments all the time . i never have variations in my color , it is always perfect and never fades . the facility is beautiful too and the staff is professional . it 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay ! absolutely my fav salon in the valley ! i have longer thicker hair ! and i hate going to a salon that does n't know how to do my hair ! well at rumors ... it 's always been an extremely excellent experience ! i 'm a regular customer now ! ! ! they are so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great costumer service and excellent knowledge in hairstyling . i seriously thought i 'd never find a good hairstylist in az until i came across the hairstylist named mihai , he was able to give me my desired hairstyle based on just seeing a picture of it . amazingly talented . highly recommended . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will follow brian b. where ever he goes . i 've been his client for the past 2 winters as a snowbird , but now that i 'm here fulltime , he 's my go to guy . so professional , knowledgeable , and makes each time i see him personal as well . i enjoyed the ambience of my first visit at rumors , too . laura , brian 's assistant , was just as amazing . looking forward to visiting again . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to rumors on the reccomendation of my colorist . a small backstory : i graduated from beauty school so i am very particular about my hair . my hair is very thick . sothy cuts my hair and he is awesome . it is so easy for me to dry my hair - it falls right into place . rumors is an awesome salon . give it a try . i 'm so glad i found sothy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rachel g. did an amazing job on my little dude 's cut . not looking so little anymore big guy ! ! ! highly recommend checking rachel 's work . super professional and so sweet . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here about 8 months ago . i was new to the area and did a bit of research before committing to a salon . this place had pretty good reviews , but as i soon found out , it is completely overrated . i had a morning appointment and i 'm pretty sure my stylist was coked out . besides the shaky hands , erratic movements and sniffles , she kept trying to convince me to keep a near identical length so that she could follow the same lines as my old stylist . i had a tell her a handful of times to take the length up and each time she took it up my millimeters ; soon i just gave up . the cut cost $ 45 but it was more like a $ 20 cut . my friend went as well and was equally unimpressed . her stylist raved about the salon but a couple of weeks later she got an email from her , informing her of her departure . i wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful ! i went for the first time today after receiving a free cut and style voucher for being new to town . rachel fixed my hair since i had an awful cut somewhere else . she was sweet and took her time making sure my hair looked perfect ! great business ; i will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at rumors ! highly recommend kayla , she got my color and cut perfect and i left feeling great ! she knows exactly what she 's doing and is such a fun person to talk too ! definitely go to kayla if you 're choosing rumors : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best salon in az ! i have searched high and low for someone who can give me the cut i have been searching for ! i finally found my hair angel : ) greg has both the experience and talent to create the look you are wanting . he has a passion for hair and truly enjoys what he does . his prices are very reasonable and he is professional and friendly . i am so glad i found him . i would never go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kristyn did a wonderful job with my special event up-do . i came in from out of town for a wedding and needed a special style for the night . kristyn listened to what i said i wanted and delivered the perfect messy braided side-bun up-do . what was even more amazing is that she styled it in a way so that my super fine and straight hair held the style for 12 hours which i would have said was impossible ! i 'll go to her again the next time i 'm in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "igloo 's frozen yogurt has just recently opened within this past year . as a bw college student , `` fro-yo '' +walking distance=yes . igloo 's has new flavors every week to sample and enjoy . with so many toppings to put on your frozen yogurt , you really ca n't go wrong . my favorite right now is the graham cracker and cake batter frozen yogurt mixed with some cookie dough and cheesecake bites on top . they even have chocolate syrup to throw on there if you 're feeling a little crazy . the atmosphere is really great also . it 's a fun place to go after class and just relax with some friends . oh and their prices are top notch ! igloo 's is definitely an a+ in my mind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great frozen yogurt and such a cute and friendly atmosphere . it was a perfect treat for a hot summer day . the place is clean and cool with a variety of different flavors and every topping you can think of . there are plenty of seats inside or you could walk around the quaint little area outside the shop . the service is very friendly and there is a discount on sundays and mondays with a college id . definitely will be going back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for all you fro-yo lovers out there , check out igloo 's ! they have approximately 15 flavors of fro-yo for you to try and a ton of toppings . i was surprised to see the quantity and variety of topping selections . they even had the tapioca bubbles that you find in bubble tea for a topping . i enjoyed the vanilla , chocolate , and salted caramel flavors . my mom tried the pb flavor but i kept tasting banana and i hate banana flavored things . there are plenty of chairs and tables inside to sit and a few benches outside . igloo is clean and the service is friendly . on sundays you get a discount with your college id ! check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came across this pet food store on my search for orijen dog food . and what a find : they carry all the brands that are actually healthy for your pet ( high meat content for dogs , no cheap fillers ) , like blue , wellness core etc . they also have a comprehensive selection of chewing supplies ( antlers , e.g . ) and healthy no-nonsense treats . the staff is very knowledgeable and down to earth . the place itself feels more like health food store which is a welcome change to outlets like petsmart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been shopping here since they opened 4 and a half years ago.great location and a really cool interior.fantastic selection of higher end products.about a year ago they got a new manager who is a real step up from the staff they had in the first couple of years.this girl really knows her stuff ! i love that i can bring my dog in and have real conversations with a staff that is as passionate about feeding pets real food as i am.hats off to 4 paws and the new staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and so does my dog . they are so incredibly friendly here ! if they do n't have an answer for your questions , they will find it out for you . they have all the top pet foods , treats , and toys . i highly recommend this place to any one with a dog or cat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice selection of premium dog foods and treats . yes , it 's expensive . good customer service -- i bought a bag of $ 75 dog food that was the same brand i usually buy but in a new flavor . unfortunately , that flavor made my dogs sick . 4 paws took back my open bag of dog food and gave me a $ 50 credit to buy a new bag .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found 4 paws holistic a few months ago and every time i go in the staff is very knowledgeable and helps me find the items that i need . i feed a raw diet and am constantly looking for new raw proteins to rotate in and they by far have the best selection of raw options in charlotte . every time i go in i ask about new proteins or new items and they are always very friendly and seem to enjoy telling me about their products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have a dog and two cats and i can not express how helpful the staff at 4 paws has been in selecting the right food for our `` babies . '' the staff is professional and knowledgeable . i am have been a customer of 4 paws for over two years and have always been thrilled with the quality of service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the assortment of healthy food choices for your dog . the staff and owner are really helpful and you can tell they all love dogs . great to go in a locally owned shop instead of a huge box store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4paws is an excellent place to pick up specialty dog food . staff is super helpful in explaining the different types of food they stock and helping you weigh the pros and cons of each .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff starts out really nice before you purchase , but after that they change . i ordered a bedroom set online the store claimed it was brand new . well when we went to open the night stand drawer the entire front fell off ! i called the store and a sales person said they could n't come out until monday at 11am . so at about 1:30 , after waiting all morning i call the store and was placed on hold for 20 minutes only to be told someone will be there before 3 . also when they put my bed together they used these huge screws that made the headboard wobble really bad . again i was told someone would be here by 11 and again no one came or called . horrible customer service !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love aarons i love the staff i love getting a deal and they have always been there threw my good and bad times i always get the best customer service and the best looking items the delivery staff is amazing and fast smart and of course strong keep it up you all are blessings", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love coming into aarons . i 've been a customer for a few years and would n't imagine going elsewhere . the staff is so friendly and the prices are fair . i would recommend this location to anyone . the best customer service in las vegas ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love aarons we have bought and paid for a beautiful bottom black refrigerator , beautiful black stove . we got a 70 inch tv and a lap top we are paying on now . they are great . after years of dealing with rent-a-center , its great to find aarons", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't ever come here ! i just got off the phone with antonio the manager and he ca n't deliver my tv anymore because i 'm not on the lease of the room i 'm renting in an apartment . but when i came down to do the application the stupid manager on this nellis store told me my application was successful and was ready for delivery next . did not ask me for a lease agreement or even tell me that not being in the lease would not qualify me from getting a tv . y'all waited until the day before delivery to tell me it ca n't be delivered ? ! unprofessional as hell . i would t recommend this place at all . i ca n't get a tv because i ai n't on the lease yet y'all got my work info , my relative info , my mailing info . what is there to hide ? unprofessional job should not be in business at all . hope you guys expire", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude staff manager do n't know his job they waste your time .. i went to try and rent a dresser and bedroom set they said i was approved over the phone then collect all my info on the app just to deny me they act like your time is n't valuable", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i understand that they have to mark up their prices in order to make a profit , but wow ! some of their merchandise is way overpriced . you will end up spending twice as much if you had purchased it from a store . their staff is pretty friendly . just do n't miss any payments or they will bombard you at home or work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want them to deliver the furniture and you are okay with your flooring being ruined , than be my guest ! they are horrible , my flooring was just laid a couple months ago and now it is ruined ! i had a bad feeling when i went into the store with a few different associates . the customer service could have been better . i honestly get better service at a fast food restaurant . stick with walker furniter or ashleys ! ! they both offer rent to own ! ! avoid aarons at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "indian is my among my favorites and i love it extra spicy which is perfect for the winter . my stomach is made of cast iron , i suspect . i prefer southern indian over northern indian food . that said , cafe tandoor is a bit northern , where the sauces tend towards the creamy and sweet . it 's the only indian restaurant around where i live though . a bit americanized , cafe tandoor is a great gateway drug to this regional cuisine for the uninitiated . if you 've never tried indian food before , come in and order the butter chicken , saffron rice and garlic naan . finish things off with a gulab jaman for dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had indian food a few times . i usually enjoy it as long as my mouth still has feeling at the end of the meal ( spicy and i do n't always agree ) . however . one of the few reviewers in the far southeast of cleveland , i must regrettably bestow my first 3 star rating on yelp ( ever ) to cafe tandoor . is the food good ? yup . quite good . but i do n't need to pay that much for indian food . my girlfriend and i had a late meal on a snowy weekday , a sure way to have a restaurant to yourself in the 'burbs . that part was nice . ambiance was calm and service was good . i had a tasty lamb dish , she had a grilled veggie platter . samosas were shared between us and were probably my favorite part of the meal . when you 're in the 'burbs there really are n't too many dining options . i would go back here , but with a plan and hopefully with a kind friend offering to pick up the tab .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so happy to have good indian food nearby ! its hard to find in cleveland , but everything ive had here has been delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here on our final evening of my husband 's work trip , friday 10 june . what a great atmosphere , we were originally going to order takeout but upon noticing the full bar , we stayed . haha ! our waitress was so sweet , and like another commented : unobtrusive , but helpful . we were originally given the regular menu , but upon asking about vegan options , she gave us the vegan friendly menu . food was amazing . we got the vegetable pakora app , saag tofu , dal maharani , and aloo gobi ( upon my asking her preference ) with vegan roti bread . she was great at pointing out which options were vegan ( condiments , breads ) . we used the yelp offer at the time , which was great for the price ! all of the staff was so friendly . i 'm sure he 'll be traveling back for work , and we will definitely be stoppingrby again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been going to cafe tandoor ( in aurora ) for about 10 years . it 's always a good experience with excellent service and good food . the pakora appetizers are a winner and their curries are very good . i usually get it indian hot and it never disappoints . they also have a nice variety of vegetarian dishes and excellent selection of breads . try the gulab jamun desert ( sponge-cake like balls in syrup ) . some nice beer selections as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very , very tasty chicken tikka masala . my husband and i shared it , along with the good roti and oh-so-light saffron rice . we also split a chai . we both raved over the dish and the chai was perfect . despite other reviews , this place was almost packed . maybe because it was holi ? my only complaint would be that our initial service was kind of odd . we were seated and then kind of ignored , but their redeeming quality is that once we did order , we received our food within 10 minutes . this was a refreshing culinary experience and was well worth the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coming in from la to visit friends and family and we wanted some indian food . i have to say we were quite impressed . we had the curry catfish , chicken tikka masala and the rogen josh . also had the paneer potatoes , lentil dish and garlic naan . everything was fantastic . my belly hurts from eating too much . i was so hard to stop eating ! if you are craving some indian food , this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had indian in us . had indian in uk . had indian in hong kong . had indian in india . take all that for what it 's worth ... ... and in the context of `` i 've had crappy italian in rome '' ... .and this is some of the best indian food i 've eaten . excellent wine specials on tuesday and wednesday ... ..which means i 've frequented probably a dozen times a year ... ..the staff are respectful and unobtrusive ... ..so if you want something , or a recommendation , or are n't sure ... ..just ask them . they wo n't impose and tell you what to order , so if this is a new cuisine for you , ask for their help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food : nothing special just average . service : good price : pricey for the kind of food they serve ambience : ok clean : ok would not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "saturday night the restaurant was packed . thank goodness we made a reservation . we were craving indian , and as usual , the food and service was good . i had a tassi drink . tasted like milky mango . refreshing . we had a tandoor meat platter with all meats on it that were very good . my lamb dish was mild and tasty . we started with fried veggie triangles . they were the best of all . curry veggies with a little spicy heat . we took half the food home . so good . see my photos .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is very good . i have been here several times and being a vegetarian , i really appreciate the selection of menu items available . the service is ok but a bit slow . they come around , but not often enough when you are eating spicy food and need water ! i had to wait for water a couple of times . not much in the way of atmosphere . i personally do n't care about stuff like that , i am there for the food . overall , i like this place and recommend trying them if you like indian food . i will be back again in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was our first trip to this restaurant and it wo n't be our last . the menu has some amazing dishes . we tried the fish curry and we thought it was amazing . we also thought it was the best dish and dinner we have had in a long time . my 9 year old picky eater even loved the food , especially the curry and naan bread .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to tandoor since 1999 . wife and i are vegetarians so plenty for us to eat . she likes it spicy and i dont . be sure to let the waiter know your preference . we love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been craving indian food recently and decided to give cafe tandoor a try and boy was that a mistake . we ordered chicken tikka masala and chicken korma , what we received does n't even come close to what one would expect . the tikka masala chicken was all dried out and hard , there was no real sauce to speak and the flavor was n't even close to what one would normally expect . the costco tikka masala is a much better representation and gourmet compared to what we received from this place . i will certainly never order from there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , enjoy the butter chicken and saffron rice . you can let them know how spicy you want your food , i usually get mine medium . wednesday is half price bottles of wine awesome deal . the service is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent paneer dishes . naan bread was microwaved though . have n't gone back since its 3x over priced . if it were cheaper i 'd eat there every week !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cafe tandoor is the first place i ever had indian food , and for that it will forever have a special place in my heart . it 's pricey , but it 's good ! i 've had the keema naan , garlic naan , roti , lamb biryani , shahjahani curry , and rogan josh . all of them are amazing , but the rogan josh is just on a whole different level . the waiter asked if i would like mild or spicy . it 's indian food , it 's meant to have spice , so i ordered spicy . it was perfect ! it was hot , but not overbearingly so . the balance of different spices is great , this is the way indian food should be . with classical indian music playing softly in the background ( think ravi shankar ) and the song of so many different flavors dancing on your tongue , you almost feel like you 're in india , albeit a rather nice restaurant in delhi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been eating at this restaurant for years and have always enjoyed it . the butter chicken is delicious . the garlic naan is warm and garlicky . the lamb shahi korma is tender and creamy . i 've had at least of dozen different dishes and have always been quite happy with both the food and the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst indian food we ordered mutterpaneer & malarikofta which was taste less paneer was dry and peas was raw and in malai kofta all they did cut four pieces of fried potato and when i called them that its not kofta owner is like that 's how they serve well i 've advised that change your chef .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the restaurant has a nice atmosphere with great food , and good service . i ordered a lamb biryani . there was a mistake in my order , so i told the manager about it . he apologized for the mistake and offered me another order for free as a compensation , which i gladly accepted . the manager handle the situation professionally , which i appreciate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken jalfraizi was super sweet . the navarattan korma was extremely sweet too . it seemed like both the curries were cooked in the same base sauce . it was hard to distinguish the taste between the two dishes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good indian food . made the call later at closing they waited for me , however since the business is slow for this location prices go up . chicken tikka masala , 2 naans and rice came to almost $ 25 which is kind of pricey i looked at me i at store before owner cashier rang me up and noticed that prices were upped from the menu which is very odd , however considering that he stayed a little extra for me i was ok - another situation i would question him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food ! ! ! great vegetable samosas ! paneer is excellent and lamb benoni is to die for ! ca n't forget the garlic nann ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay ... let 's cover prices first . this place is significantly overpriced for identical portions as compared to others in the area like tandul in tremont or jaipur junction in hudson . chicken tikka was 14.50 compared to 11 dollars elsewhere , but here 's the kicker ... this place does not include rice like all of the rest . you have to also purchase that separate ! total sham ! second , the food was n't great . the butter chicken was overly salty and tasted terrible , think tomato sauce loaded with mortons salt . the chicken tikka masala had peppers in it that overpowered the entire dish . pass on this place and go somewhere else . we 've had indian food in several regions of the world and this is by far the worst", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i liked the ambience and the staff are friendly . the food though tasted like everything was taken from the frozen food aisle of a grocery store . butter chicken tasted like really bad pie ( you read that right ) and ras malai was served straight from the freezer . chicken biryani and fried shrimp were mediocre at best and garlic naan was ok . i 'd like to think that the chef was having a bad day and the food is generally better like the other reviewers say .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cafe tandoor serves up wonderful , authentic cuisine that is healthy , consistent , and delicious . we love the yogurt-marinated chicken tikka , the tofu and lentil dishes , cucumber raita , and saffron rice . their mango ice cream is wonderful as well . the staff is warm and genuine , and while the food is not cheap , we prefer it to many white tablecloth restaurants and to all `` previously-frozen now fried food '' chains . these people care about quality and service . we travel all over the world , but always delight in returning to our favorite indian restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what to say . wow . i 'm sure i can cook better indian food . lamp kebab was not really a kebab but dry peace of lamb and malay kofta tasted like tomato sauce from the can . lentils soup was ok .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "typical stuff that you and find in any indian restaurant . very pricy . rice or bread do not come with your 16 dollars main dish . wasted money to buy saffron rice , it was just rice with orange food coloring . i cook indian food too , if the color was that dark , you 'd smell the saffron from far away , but this one did n't even in your mouth .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i had n't been here before . this place speaks `` mel c. '' ! not only does it meet my `` open early on sunday '' requirement , the pain perdu is the best thing i 've ever eaten for brunch ! love the d\u00e9cor ambience of this quaint caf\u00e9 . service was fantastic . i even got some goodies to go ( various croissants ) and they were all amazingly good . keep in mind i 've had croissants in paris , so i feel very qualified . make sure you get there early enough to get some pain perdu . once they 're sold out for the day , that 's it ! not officially qualified", "score": "5"}
{"review": "between this place and the stockyards it 's a wonder that i do n't weigh 300lbs . the croissant are all very good - the plain and the jocelyn ( maple and raisin ) are my go-to-girls . i try not to think of how much butter was sacrificed for the cause . the pain perdu , which is the french toast , made with egg bread and topped with creme anglaise is sinful . the croque monsieur is satisfying as well . there tends to be a crowded jumble of takeout and eat-in customers on weekends who inevitably need to pay all the same time in the tiny space which means i stand at the counter wistfully trying to catch the eye of someone behind the counter while all four staff bustle around getting orders for the sit down customers wow this sentence is a crowded jumble . depending on the croissant style , four of them will set you back about $ 9 . yes , you can get cheap croissant by the clamshell at your local grocery store but you wo n't want to call them croissant once you have pain perdu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "croissant review . yep , still my favourite croissant . a couple of things i did n't include in my first review , which are more apparent after having sampled many croissants : - solid outside structure , not soft - its on the well done side ( which i like ) - the thing is flaky . pleasant texture but its not good walk-around hand food because you can get flakes all over yourself . - its a little bready in the middle but very flaky around the outside ( i 'm thinking this is about as flaky as a croissant can get ) - the flavour is not as distinctive as i remember but still a good amount of flavour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my most favorite tradition - i pay homage every time i visit toronto . patisseries like this just do not exist anymore - a pastry art that is far and few ! butter croissants , almond croissants , french almond custard tarts and windows of endless quiche - try the onion & bacon or the roquefort ... .completement exceptionnel ! ! in my travels , i search for comparable pastry but i am secretly proud that nothing compares . get here early so you can have your choice of goodies . i love the small , quaint feel of only hearing french spoken over coffee and a newspaper . i am told the pain perdu is all low-calorie ha ha ha ! ! and worth every little bit ! ! ah such a blessing to visit every time - a bientot ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shhh ! do n't tell anyone , but this is my secret place for early saturday morning french breakfast . yes , i come here to feel a little closer to france , read the newspaper , hear french chatter , enjoy the pastry . here croissants and especially pain au chocolat are as close to the ones you can get in paris . and if your waist can afford extra two inches or so , make sure to order hot chocolate with whipped cream on it . it is the real stuff , not from the can , beaten by hand ... .mmm tres savoureux ! pick up some bread when you leave , you wo n't regret it , well may be your dietitian will .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in after my 30th birthday brunch to check out the place ( i have lived in this hood for 4 years , but never went in here , always wanted to ! ) and ended up ordering a croissant with a side of homemade raspberry jam and custard filled pastry to go . the shop keep was super sweet and gifted me incredible pommiers after my silly bf told her it was my birthday . d'aw ! you should n't have ! loved the service and the pastries were absolutely incredible . ca n't wait to come back to enjoy a treat and coffee in this really cute little shop . it is a bit pricey , but worth it , imo . try their housemade jam , it is redonkulously delish ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a decent coffee ... .very attentive service and a buttery cinnamon roll . you ca n't ask for anything more . a very french atmosphere . pleasant and we will be back to sample more items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only brunch breakfast place in toronto that creates a culinary experience second only to some caf\u00e9 in a sleepy old french town south of bordeaux . magnifique !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in on a friend 's recommendation of `` best croissant in town '' , and picked up a pain au chocolat and plain croissant to go . like a true north american i ate them while driving . in a word : stale . in more words : stale , small and expensive , almost $ 5 for the two . i should have thought about the fact that there were so many croissants sitting there . as far as i 'm concerned the place should be called `` customer perdu '' . if you want a great croissant always fresh , go to clafouti on queen street west .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "honestly , this joint is over rated , especially the pastries . the baguettes are way overpriced . i spent the last 5 years in st maur , and travelling france and this is simply average", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here for brunch frequently , even though this is more of a cafe bakery than a brunch place ( no fried eggs hash browns etc at this place ) . but they have a lovely selection of sandwiches and quiches , and some other meaty stuff , but i do n't pay attention to that . the seating is limited and this place has a very cozy feel . the staff are very friendly and nice . i super love their quiches and i 'm really digging bibb lettuce these days , so i usually get their side salad as well . simple but delicious . great coffee and pastries as well . tip : you wo n't be brought a bill , you just go to the register when ready to pay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the eponymous pain perdu is great , the staff is super friendly , and the atmosphere is great . the only thing to be aware of is that it is almost always packed , so consider coming at less popular times if you want to be sure you 'll get a spot -- especially if you 've got more than two in your party .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced croissant . strollers are not allowed inside even if you just want to buy something to go . service is rude . you can be ignored for quite a while before ordering anything . maybe it 's one time experience . but it 's bad enough to prevent me from going there again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have dined here for years with my mother & sister . we still can not get enough of their infamous raisin-rich jocelyn croissants and have fun getting them for other friends & family -- watching their reactions to having a piece of god in their mouths . even people who detest raisins are blown away by the sheer number & exceptional quality of the black beauties . jocelyn has gorgeous delicate flaky layers , an addictive crispiness of the outermost shell & a buttery fresh-baked chewy goodness within . the wonderful cascading effect & array of divine flavours and textures make your molars & taste buds euphoric with glee . they would dance pirouettes if they could . we also enjoy their pleasantly bitter yet fairly robust coffee and try to come here on weekends holidays everyone 's days off . i wonder if some of us have lied to our bosses to come here . would n't be surprised . eh heh heh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a small , cozy place to have a cafe au lait and a croissant . it smells delicious at pain perdu and the pastries are delicious . the croissants are buttery and flaky and remind me of what i 'd eat in paris . if there 's no room to sit and eat make sure you grab some pastries to go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to come here a lot until i discovered so many other cafes that are way better . the service has always been poor , but i would usually put up with it because their quiches are really good and i love their warm goat cheese salad . i even came back after finding a big worm in my salad ! but their croissants taste like lard and are often stale and dry . their coffee is nothing to write home about , but it is n't the worst . the worst thing about this place though , is that it is super overpriced . i would end up paying 40 bucks for two person breakfast of quiche and coffee ... . anyways ... . that plus the lame service finally turned me off for good . i started checking out the baker and scone across the street , which is clean , fresh and has welcoming staff . save yourself a crapload of money and go elsewhere !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the coffee is not as good ... what happened ? and the servers do n't seem to notice . when we ask for a second , it 's just as bad as the first , so we give up . also , when we ask for a double espresso we get a cappuccino ; when we ask for a cappuccino we get a latte ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gain a few pounds here because it hard not to devour all the buttery flaky pastry , danish and crossiant . croque monseiur yummy , chessy and crisp . mmmm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very cute place that feels authentic french that even plays french music in the background ! the croque monsouir sandwich , which is a grilled ham sandwich with cheese melted on top is great . the mocha coffee is so tasty , i highly recommend this with the whipped cream . the almond crossoint is made well , it 's fluffy , tender yet crisp with great flavour . overall a faboulous place to eat lunch or just to go on a date too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent breakfast , good quiche , decent baked goods , yucky bread .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "authentic 'old ' cafe vibe , delicious croissants and quiche , and good strong espresso . the freshly baked bread is my favourite thing to get here : sourdough olive or dried fruit & walnut on the weekends . yum ! one minor drawback to this place is that it 's tiny and dark ( not much sunlight ) so it 's definitely not a place to chill out on a sunny day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hot chocolate in toronto , we shared pain perdu and took pain chocolat , croissant and almond pain chocolat and almond croissant , we got full for the day : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wife and i stopped in for a quick lunch . the ham and cheese croissant ( me ) and the spinach quiche ( wife ) , were excellent . the cafe au lait fell flat ... .should have spoken up as they would have given it an extra shot ( they were very generous and did not charge for them ) . great place , food and service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for brunch ! ! ! really fun staff if you like pastries and hot chocolate they probably have the best in the city , a bit overpriced in my opinion , but i guess it suits the neighbourhood , also very cozy place to relax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee was excellent but the croissant was okay . the space for this place is pretty small but very warming . the service was good as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some of the best baked goods anywhere . i am here almost every weekend . the quiche is excellent . the croissants ... i want to be buried in one of them when i go . oh my god , it 's the second best buttery experience i 've ever had ( i really ca n't mention the first in this review ) . the staff is friendly and attentive . i love it . from coffee to croissants , from soup to croque monsieur it is a wonderful cafe experience . enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmmmmmm croissants ! ! ! ! ! buttery flaky and you ca n't just eat one - so i grabbed a seat with a couple of friends and ordered a latte and another croissant and than moved onto the best onion tart i have ever had ( outside of paris ) ... it was the last piece so i had to share ( the little selfish kid in me came out because i really did not want to ) . perfect balance of crust and onion and it is sweet and savoury and just yummy . the place is small and cozy . have n't tried the quiche yet so i may have to visit again sometime very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good ! cafe au lait ! magnifique ! thank goodness this place exists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ya , it 's friggin awesome ... . if you 've gone to paris and had the baked goods and sandwiches and came back to toronto looking for the same here ... keep looking ! : ) honestly , it 's not the same , but it 's damn close and much better compared to the other self-proclaimed patisseries and boulanger 's in toronto . ham and swiss are made to order - awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aaaahhh pain perdu , i love it ! ! ! i love their almond croissant and their butter croissant.. nice place to relax with a newspaper and a coffee tea . i 'm not a fan of hot chocolate but when i tried theirs , and my favourite , croque monsieur- i 'm so lovin ' it ! ! ! a bientot pain perdu ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pain perdu has a good chocolate croissant . they have a table and seat , so it is nice to have a cup of coffee and croissant with friends . other pastries are expensive and they are not fresh . i am not impressed with their pastries . they do not show the price for pastries . inside pain perdu , it was dark . when i was there in the last summer , they did not have an air conditioner and it was very hot and dark .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best croissant and patisserie in general , i personally love this small bakery . totally suggest you all yo grab something here . good coffee also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i showed up one saturday 15mins before closing wearing construction clothes . they were friendly , informative , and ( perhaps because it was the end of day ) they even threw in 3 additional pastries for free with my order . i 've tried 4 items thus far and as far as the quality is concerned , in true french fashion its very rich and delicious . also , the ambiance is warm and cozy . while other pastries shops may offer something different , very few if any can claim to offer anything better in terms of quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love coming here at lunch for quiche and coffee . would also recommend the croissants , crepes , and the bread pudding-style dessert the place is named after .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have alway loved pain perdu , but recently they renovated and i 'm afraid it may be new owners . the chocolate croissants have always been the best in the city but the chocolate croissant no longer has real dark chocolate , instead it seems to be some sort of pudding like paste ? they are also no longer doing the amazing deserts - like lemon curd tart . what is happening ? last time i was in there was also no longer any french music playing either . i was told they do the croissants for the common on college ( which does have the best coffee in to ) so maybe they are just mass producing the croissant for other coffee shops now - i 'm not sure . i love this place as it was such an amazing , authentic french cafe . my son is in french immersion so i like to take him there to get a bit of fresh culture in toronto . please tell me it 's not over ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful , just wonderful . an unpretentious french cafe settled in the middle of st. clair west . the venue is small and seats maybe 15 at most . with fresh baguettes , pastries and great coffee , this will bring back memories of france for anyone . order an espresso and almond crossaint and take a seat facing st. clair on a bright saturday morning ( they open at 8am here ) . do some people watching , take in the fresh pastries being baked , take your time .. and relax . when you 're done . take the cities best mille-feuille to go ( or well , any pastry : - ) ) and share with a loved one . the staff are wonderful and always have a smile , and i am a sucker for the accent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought i would try this place out a second time and found the server with the brown hair to be just as rude . i waited patiently in line behind three people only to have her tell me the lady behind me was next and the lady said she was when she knew she was . then i walked toward the door and she said fine i 'll take your order since you 're here ( rolled eyes reaching across counter ) and then i said my order was for here and she said `` well you 're supposed to sit down ! '' found it to be rude and embarrassing since the place was crowded so i did n't know if i should sit down or not . sand which on croissant with ham and cheese was sloppy and cold", "score": "1"}
{"review": "butter ! ! ! yum . it 's hard to believe how much i enjoyed quiche , it was unlike any i have ever had before . the crust was flaky and the filling was wonderful . the onion tart dessert was also very french ; i love butter and if you do i would highly recommend pain perdu . too bad duck confit was all sold out already . [ my husband wrote this . ]", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super adorable french style cafe . it 's small so do n't assume you 'll get a table on a saturday or sunday morning but if you do , embrace it ! the coffee is great here and the breakfast quiche was perfectly made . the croissants looked amazing as i saw several customers take one to go . next time i 'll follow the masses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . love the croissants and lunch food . gateau basque dessert ( weekends only ) is the best ! also recommend the weekend bread with dates and nuts . best coffee in the area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pain perdu is one of toronto 's hidden gems , a little bakery restaurant tucked away between generic stores and if you blink you miss it . this is as close to an authentic french food as you can get , i love the quiches , they are so fluffy , airy and delicious , the pastries are outstanding , made with lots of butter ( as they should ) and really everything is good here . the only drawback i have is the average coffee and the very tight space . if you like french pastries this is for you ( just bring coffee from mcdonalds next door )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the . best . croissants . ever . they were buttery and flaky and super fresh . the place was packed so go early for the best selection . the chocolate croissant are also very good . i have yet to have a croissant that tops theirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "butter croissant nothing special , the woman server 'd better change the attitude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das mit abstand beste mittagessen der stadt zum absoluten spitzenpreis . zudem sehr freundliche bedienungen und der laden ist wirklich gem\u00fctlich . es gibt auch einen kleinen garten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kein wunder , da\u00df dieses mittagslokal so gut besucht ist : es gibt 2 hauptgerichte , wovon eins vegetarisch ist , eine sehr gehaltsame suppe mit baguette und ein dessert . die speisenauswahl wechselt t\u00e4glich und alles wird frisch zubereitet . hier macht es richtig spa\u00df seine mittagspause zu verbringen , denn auch die bedienungen sind flott und unkompliziert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wer auf der suche nach dem perfekten mittagstisch im westen ist , wird hier nicht entt\u00e4uscht . die portionen sind spitze , geschmack , optik und qualit\u00e4t hervorragend , tolles ambiente und sehr freundliches personal . das essen ist immer frisch und abwechslungsreich . tageskarte mit suppe salat , vegi- und fleischgericht und nachtisch . au\u00dferdem gibt es diverse salate und sp\u00e4tzle mit so\u00df . auch zum fr\u00fchs\u00fccken eine sehr gute adresse . diverse ei-variationen , caf\u00e9 spezialit\u00e4ten , bircher m\u00fcsli , brezeln und croissants . der laden ist liebevoll eingerichtet und verf\u00fcgt \u00fcber eine kleine terasse . was man wissen muss : man bestellt das essen direkt an der theke , nimmt getr\u00e4nk und besteck mit und setzt sich . das essen wird gebracht . das mag befremdlich sein , ist aber wegen des unglaublichen durchlaufs schwer anders zu bew\u00e4ltigen ( der laden ist von 12 bis 14 uhr brechend voll ! ) . wartezeit circa 10 minuten . nat\u00fcrlich gibt es das essen auch zum mitnehmen . unbedingt probieren ! mittagessen gibt 's ab 11:30 uhr .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "auto glass team replaced three of my missing windows after a car accident . i was particularly impressed with how fast they were able to get ahold of perfect-sized windows . they look really nice too , so i may just consider getting them replaced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly . window broken after coming home from a nightshift . they came to my place and fixed my window while i slept . only had to come outside to test the window . hector did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charlotte is usually a quiet place but , like any place , sometimes accidents happen . after a minor incident involving a falling tree limb , i was in need of a replacement windshield ( http : autoglassteam.com ) . the auto glass team obliged and my car looked good as new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the speed of auto glass team was what impressed me the most . they did not waste any time from the point that i showed up , even though i did n't come in with an appointment . i was very happy to see the whole windshield replaced in 40 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i was having bad anxiety i came to dr. heller . he was very professional and took the time to listen to what was going on . through hypnosis i received excellent care from him that has benefited me everyday . it was a very relaxing experience and i have been free from anxiety since our appointments , i recommended him to all my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lewis heller , is not just a hypnosis doctor he has his medical degree and is very patient when speaking to him . actually he has given me cd ' to play back at a later time after his session to keep me on track . his voice is soothing making your anxiety disappear allowing your body to heal . once while in the hospital after my surgery he did a session with me , which allowed my pain to lessen giving me the strength to not have to depend on drugs to keep the pain level to a minimum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. heller has graciously been visiting my high school ap psychology classes for the past three years . he 's always a hit with students and has them on the edge of their seats . he never fails to entertain , educate and astound us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trust is utmost when selecting a course of treatment for anxiety and anxiety related conditions . dr. heller is an md and phd , compassionate , knowledgeable and effective . there are many so called therapists out there , but he is the genuine article ! i highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we moved from the west side of town to the east side , we were sad to leave our closest blockbuster store , as the staff over there was great . this store has had some turnover of employees , but they keep managing to find people who are friendly and helpful . jen has been there for more of our visits than other employees , and she is always happy and smiling when helping us or others . even on thanksgiving day , she had a smile on her face and joked around with us as we traded movies . we have been tempted to cut our blockbuster account to save money , the staff is so friendly , it 's tough to not want to go joke around and talk movies with them . it is very common for the staff to recommend products to customers that could save them money , if used often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've seen many blockbuster video stores close down , so i 'm very thankful this one is still around ! we usually visit here on the weekend , looking for either new releases or oldies we know are n't at redbox . we are big fans of netflix also , but some movies are n't streamed online , either . do n't get me wrong , sometimes we arrive and we do n't get our first choice . but we love the option to come and see what 's new to watch . their employees are always friendly and give good recommendations and opinions on movies they 've seen . i love that many non-new release movies are still 99 cents day . store has always been clean and many drinks snacks to choose from by the checkout counter . we 'll be back next weekend ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't visit blockbuster that much anymore between redbox , netflix , hulu , etc ... but when i do go i can always count on the super friendly & cool staff . in fact , that is one of the biggest reasons i do go back to this store at all . blockbuster - the company - seems to have lost it 's way , but the staff at this store always makes a visit worthwhile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my kids dont have netflix in their rooms so i find it really convenient to come here & pick up a few flix for them for the weekend . if you pay $ 5 for the month you get unlimited family kids movies ! score !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel bad for how blockbuster got weeded out by netflix , red box , and all of the other quick ways to watch movies nowadays . i feel like back then , when vhs and dvds were available-i still planned to come to blockbuster every week to rent the newest movie and play the newest games . the best reason to come here now is to purchase their used movies and plan to not come back unless another sale is going on . i suggest coming here for their unique posters , toys , and certain movies that are harder to obtain . i was able to get 3 blu rays for $ 15 ... the blu rays are fairly new , and there is no reason to pay double the price , sometimes triple for the same movie in a new condition .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth it . tried booking an appointment and impossible to get a hold of , do n't believe me try calling their number before you buy anything from a deal site . leave a message and see how long it takes them to get back to you . when you do get in services are mediocre , you get what you pay for so beware deal site people . i had to fight with dealfind to get a refund for my vouchers since i bought multiple ones .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible all the way around . borderline scam artist . no availability , or customer service . cancellations and excuses . do n't waste your $ $", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst service i have ever had . do not waste your money or time . they have horrible customer service . i had 2 appointments that i made 2 months in advance for my moms bday . they cancelled both of our services 4 days before the date of the appointment . the man on the phone was a jerk , gave no reasoning for the cancellation . i had to scramble to find a different salon to book a massage and pedicure for my moms bday . they really put me in a bad situation and they had no remorse what so ever . i wish nothing but horrible things to this business . they are `` donkeys '' all the way around", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yep ... cheap prices equates to terrible services ... do n't let them fool you ... they may do a good job the first time to rope you in ... but the next time you go in , they will skimp on the services . staff have lack of communication and lack of respect for their clients busy schedules . if you want to sit and wait for your nail tech to get there late ... then sit and wait more for them to set up ... oh yeah ... then sit and listen to them have a conversation with their friends in the hallway -- -then this is the place for you . but if you want quality serviced done the first time at the time of your scheduled appointment and not a skimping of services , then go else where . do n't bother calling to complain to the owner if the services are not up to your expectations because she provides the same type of service ... none ! do n't buy groupons ... or fall for their cheap `` please pay cash '' prices ... unless you like throwing your hard earned dollars away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . i purchased a deal chicken for 6 laser treatments . the first treatment was fine . the second one was canceled the week before with no explanation . the third treatment was canceled the morning of with no notice or explanation . i received an email as i was pulling into the parking lot . i decided to not continue the treatments since they have issues scheduling and the customer service is terrible . the people who work there do not care about good service . i was roped in with a good price on a deal chicken and now i have no way to get my money back . do not be lured in with low prices , i would n't go back there if they would give me treatments for free .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found les beaute studio through dealfind and i have to admit that my first experience with them was less than desirable . but the second the owner picked up on this she made adjustments to my services that i was receiving and that blew away my expectations of what i typically experienced in this industry . i just saw her yesterday and it was the most relaxing comfortable and distressing time i have had in a while . fyi she has no more employees and does everything herself , she is committed to her clients in a way `` like i said i 've never experienced in this industry . '' if there was six stars i would rate her that . i highly recommend the customized and educated level of service provided for me . ~from your friend ... just another coupon hunter that went very well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moustaffa ( i really hope i spelled his name correctly ) is a true gentleman and takes his craft very seriously . i walked in for a quick beard trim and he took the time to clean me up across the board . he even used a technique using fire to take care of the ears ! never had that before.. i 'll be returning 100 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mustafa is a barber with respect and talent . knows his craft and made it a point to make sure i was happy with my haircut and well taken care of ( 1 hour before my valentines dinner date ! ! ) you saved my life and made me look sharp ! will return for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best of a old school haircut place ! i highly recommend for straight forward barber style cuts . great guys doing the work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a local alternative to the terminal barbershop , which has become a little bit pretentious over the past years , especially some of the latest ( from past year ) employees . we do not feel welcome or the `` king customers '' when going there anymore . barbers in this newly open place are very nice for now and take their time to get a good job done with attention paid to details . place is clean . i wish they were only 20 or 23 cad , at least for the first couple of opening months and they would divert much more of the customers from across the street . i 'll return , at least one ( as you need to test for consistency as well before signing up for a new barber haircutter ) ... thus , to be followed ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just dropped in for a quick shave trim before a dinner party . service was quick , easy , courteous and very inexpensive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got here around 7pm , the cashier got to us fast , asked if we knew what to do , and we were on or way to snag some yummy mongolion grill food ! ! ! there was n't a long wait in line to grab food , or a long wait for them to cook your food ! the resturaunt is clean , and the interior is roomy and does n't feel cramped . they have vanilla , chocolate , or the vanilla chocolate swirl froyo in a cup or cone included with your meal . the on on mcclintock ca n't compare , but they are usually backed up with families . since this location is a little more `` hidden '' you can enjoy a quiet night with family or friends while you enjoy your meal : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visit one of the yc 's locations almost every month . the process of picking your own ingredients and sauces , having them grilled for you , and the ultra fresh taste of food just cooked is unique . an amazing value at about $ 10 ! their hot mustard sauce is spot on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first , i want to thank the owners of this location for an amazing deal . my husband and i recently moved to the area and received a coupon in a 'welcome wagon ' type package . we had never been to yc 's and may or may not have stopped in but with the coupon we figured we would give it a try . we were so amazed and pleasantly surprised . the food was exceptional and the gal that helped us was so sweet and answered our questions . since it was our first time in , we were n't sure how things worked , she patiently explained and helped us out . after we had sat down with our food and were eating she came by to check on us . everything was delicious and we will be back many many times . the value for what you get is amazing . thank you for a great experience with food and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is great if you know what you 're doing . i 've been here many times and it took multiple times for me to figure out what flavors taste good and ones that are n't as good . luckily they have a sign for your novices to follow on how to make your food . the staff is friendly and willing to help you if you need it . the portion is huge if you know how to pack your bowl down . jump on that bad boy like a suitcase you are trying to pack tight . do n't be shy . for the amount of food you get plus a drink the price is fair . they normally charge 50\u00a2 for a to go box but they 've never charged me before . depends on if they like you i guess . just be friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed . the hostess was very friendly and explained the process . the cook however was not at all interested in customer service . one trip through for $ 12 plus change . way more expensive than similar set up 's that offer more . nothing was grilled - only steamed . while the items were fresh , they lacked flavor . with all the other choices available , we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my mil 's boyfriend took us here to meet up with some of his local family when they were in town . i did n't know what to expect walking in at all , and actually almost did n't come ( we had some deliveries scheduled that day , but they finished early ) , and i 'm so glad i made it ! others have described the process , and they 're right . it is very tasty , but i did struggle with making my sauce , i did n't think the ingredients available were labeled very well . the employee helped me out and made the sauce i wanted though . i will say the beef was better than the chicken ( in my opinion at least ) so i 'll be sticking with that next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in and all the staff had huge smiles and was so kind every time i get something different love this place used to eat here 3 to 4 times a week now its once a month wish i could come here more but that 's how life happens", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love their service ! they teach you how to press and stack up the food in one bowl and they will even make the favor for you . very nice healthy bowl of stir fry food customized by you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pack a bowl . love this place ! super nice staff , the manager always comes by and asks how things are going . love the price and condiments are plentiful . i always have leftovers and they make for a great meal later that night ! packing a bowl is an art forum and i have my technique down . years of practice ya know . you have to crawl before you walk . get some !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best mongolian bbq chains in the u.s. and priced very reasonably ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great place to fill up for not much money . the selection is great and if you are even lost or confused the workers are great and will help you out . they always ask if you need help with making the sauce which for a lot of people is the hardest part . you also get rice , soup and soda with your meal . if you go in for lunch you have to pay for ice cream if you want it but i believe at dinner time its free . dinner you have two bowl choices of small or large and for a dollar more than the large bowl you can get all you can eat . however , i am not sure why you would pick that option since a large bowl is a lot of food . the only down side is if you want to go boxes they cost 50 cents . although i have seen workers give these for free to a lot of people . i am just not sure how they decide who to charge and who not to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has amazing food you pick out the size bowl you want to purchase you fill it with what food you want in it and they will add sauce and wok it . the meal includes chips rice soup and drink very good for the money amazing food the person that takes your money upfront is very knowledgeable ask them if you have any questions you 'll have a great experience i loved it it was my first time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and great food , sorry no beer ... but worth it all . what more can you say , it is excellent for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to go for lunch or dinner . personally i recommend you stick to the menu items though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to go with out of town hungry friends due to its large portions and unique way the food is prepared . by choosing wisely one can even have a pretty healthy meal . the staff is very friendly and helpful . good food , great price and nice atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service . i 'm not gon na say the mistake they made but i will say that they took care of me and completely owned up for the mistake and i left with a smile on my face .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so good and lots of varieties to put in your bowl . all you can eat soup , rice and crackers with refill drinks . very well worth the price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of variety . yummy sauces to mix . excellent staff . great prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my opinion , all mongolian grill 's dehydrated freeze-dried protein and veggies are all basically the same . the distinguishing difference that makes or breaks the situation is `` sauce game '' . in this occasion , the sauce game is relatively weak and it 's clear that the staff knows that because they meet you when you get down to that point in the self-serve line where they jump in and try to assist you however the assistance still yields blandish un-flavorful finished product . a majority of the staff was friendly including julia and alicia and the manager guy however my noodle bowl was something that i could probably make at home . the chicken wonton soup was the highlight of the meal . shame on the dish washer ! it was quite an unpleasant interruption to the vibe when i had to go through the dishes to inspect for a clean bowl .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great ! came in close to closing time but staff was still friendly , helpful and quick ! the portion sizes are huge and i was able to leave with more the enough for lunch tomorrow . i also liked that they had a bunch of sauce recipes for the bowls so you are n't just going in blind ; there are a ton of options ! although i did find it a tad odd that they charge .50 cents per to go box . still worth it . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if paco is not a manager he should be . he was very helpful in assisting my family in providing a good experience for the kids , helping us with our choose our sauces , and getting the little one into a moving stroller . ill come back in a month and steal him to work for our company if he 's not promoted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably one of the worst tasting food places i have ever had . i am use to bd 's so i knew the routine already and since i was new to this particular mongolian place , i decided to go with the sauce called `` chef 's special . '' i loaded my bowl up with steak and chicken with a lot of veggies . picked a few seasonings i use at home and at other places . the sauce bowl was huge which made me think they were n't flavorful if you needed 12 ladles in order to make the good good . the meat was very tough , the taste of the completed dish tasted old , freezer burned , bland , and generic . i was i pleased with the food , but the service was decent considering they do n't spend much time interacting with their customers . waste of money . edited a few hours later a business owner saw this review and was very professional , i will give it another chance bc of the great customer service after my experience , that 's how successful business 's operate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was amazing . price was fabulous . staff was friendly and restaurant was clean . will be back regularly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better than menchie 's . more toppings , better flavors , and they have marshmallow topping ... ..mmmm . this place is perfect b c you can totally control how much you get ... .kinda helps with the guilt : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "once , me and a friend were in legacy village just walking around after she had already bought a smoothie from around the corner . we noticed this place had just opened , because i was craving something sweet and was headed to cookies by design . we stopped in , and it was n't crowded at all , although the amount of employees standing around by the door was a little off-putting . they told us we could try anything we wanted ... so the only one i tasted was their cupcake batter flavor and i instantly fell in love ! who needs a man with the kind of sweet flavor and toppings yogurt vi has to offer ? i was like a crackhead running back there every few days . once , i saw employees inside whole foods market buying a bunch of organic strawberries for the toppings , so i know the rest must be good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here more than once now . it 's always clean , they have lots of yummy toppings to pick from ( tiny buckeye balls are the bomb ! ) and the yogurt flavors are bolder than most froyo places . you should check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan ! i love the flavor choices and i love controlling how much i get . i do n't leave there guilty . i get a small amount of vanilla , i know boring ... . topped with m & m 's . i love it . the other day i tried out the cake batter flavor and it was very yummy too with m & m 's . the topping options are endless too , even though i only get m & m 's : ) the place is always tidy , which is hard to do with kids ( adults too ) making a mess with the toppings everywhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "craving some frozen yogurt ? look no further , yogurt vi will hit the spot . this is a pretty straight forward review to write . the flavors are plentiful and the toppings are even more abundant . there is so much to choose from the hardest part is deciding what you want . there is always a great variety of new flavors to try and the traditional vanilla , chocolate and strawberry flavors are always there if you 're not feeling adventurous . some of the stand out flavors that i like are cookies n cream and the peppermint chocolate mint in addition to the traditional chocolate , vanilla and strawberry . it 's self serve which is nice because you can mix as you please and also make your own size . sometimes i find a small too small , but a medium too much . problem solved ! the staff is always really nice as well . yogurt vi is as good as it gets my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh..not too awesome . the tart flavor was awful ! way too tart and the texture was grainy and strange . everything else ( sweet coconut , taro , cake batter ) tasted like a slight variation of the other . very one-note . the only flavor that stood out as great was the cookies 'n cream . that was excellent and possibly better than any menchie 's flavor . the inside was sterile and depressing . after being at menchies , where they practically vomit smiles , winks , and good wishes , yogurt vi seemed like a very unfriendly place -- even though the people working there were n't . the other reason menchie 's is better is because they have twice as many choices . that 's about all that needs to be said , i guess !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am absolutely addicted to this place . it has amazing , tart froyo , and a wonderful array of toppings . i 've tried about every flavor they have , but i keep going back to the original and the cookies and cream . if you do n't load it with fatty toppings , then it still remains a pretty healthy snack . watch out though , some of their yogurts are not fat-free , so make sure to read the labels if you 're watching fat intake . this place is definitely a go-to for me whenever i 'm in the area . best yogurt ever , i ca n't get enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best yogurt store so far . way better than menchies . yummy yogurt , lots of topping friendly staffs . and great music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to many yogurt places and yogurt vi tops all . first , pick up your free rewards card so you can get $ 5 off for every $ 50 you spend . it 's always very clean , the staff is friendly , they have 40+ toppings , which is consistently stocked and they 're open late . they have several fro yo options and rotate a few of them often ; the original tart is the healthiest and tasty . i really like that they also display the nutritional information at the yogurt station . the toppings are pretty standard , but they do have mochi , which other places do not . that 's what puts this place over the top for me . it can get kind of pricy of you 're not careful , but it 's well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been to many a pinkberry and red mango , i have a pretty good idea of what fro-yo should taste like , tart , tangy and lightly sweetened . i was surprised at the large selection of flavors that yogurt vi had to offer , although only 2 flavors were `` true fro-yo '' with the tart and tangy flavor . the other 8 options were essentially low-fat versions of soft serve ice cream . while i applaud the shop for trying to appeal to a larger mass , i was a tad disappointed that i only had 2 options of the actual fro-yo , neither of which were the original flavor . hence the 4 star rating . i did like the selection of toppings they had to offer , everything from fresh fruit to the typical sundae accouterments like hot fudge and nuts . the ambiance is much like that of most other yogurt shops , bright colors , clean lines and fun music playing . since there are not many places on the east side that serve fro-yo , i 'll take what i can get and this definitely fits the bill !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hot gorgeous summer evening , just finished dinner , old rock tribute band jammin ' out on the green . see lots of people w ice cream w fruit , which i did n't recognise , knowing the gellateria & rocky 's nearby . had to check it out . place was packed ! staff very attentive , constantly sweeping through to wipe-off the counters , which were sullying fast with the volume of people crowding through that evening . interesting concept , some decent flavours , a ginormous plethora of toppings ! but not the best i 've had -- some not enough tart , others too sweet ... side comment on the brilliance of giving ppl large containers in a fill-as-you-go type joint . of course natural tendency will force you to fill your pale to the brim ! still , i 'll probably be back , perhaps when it 's less hectic & i can sit back , breathe , relax , and truly sample all the flavours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the first place in east cleveland and it is well situated in the center part of legacy village . having visited other froyo places on the east and west coast , i unfortunately have to say that this place has lost much of the original appeal of froyo for me . of course they still have the multiple serve serve options , the bar of fruits and other toppings , and the bubbly chairs , but something is missing within all of this . the yogurt flavor selection lacks some real essentials in my opinion , they do n't even carry the original tart flavor anymore . the store is just catering to the customers rather than bringing something new to the table , and soon it will disappear into the background like many unoriginal stores . nonetheless , they still have a ten or so selections of yogurt , and the fruit bar is very well stocked and fresh . the store is pretty packed on the five or more occasions that i have been there . still going to be waiting foe when that new yogurt place in eton opens up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm an original tart , fresh fruits kinda girl ... and i also know that beggars ca n't be choosers . before this place opened , my fianc\u00e9 and i use to drive to crocker park from east cleveland just to get froyo . now we do n't have to drive as far : ) unfortunately , the last time i stopped by -- -no original tart ? maybe the machine was down ... so i got pomegranate tart instead , minus 1 star . i hope they bring it back . otherwise -- - self serve , very spacious , friendly staff , and clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! i was in town for the grand opening and was back the next day . i look forward to going here again soon . why this place is great : price - per ounce pricing fits the needs for each occasion ( pig out or just something small to top off dinner ) variety - 12 flavors offered at all time . no need to worry about driving to a smaller place and learning that the fro-yo machine is `` out of service '' . efficiency - great flow . i can get what i want quickly . staff - a very friendly team . not your typical fast-food experience . and most of all , the yogurt is healthy and tastes awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place to get fro-yo ! ! i come here because its close ! ! wish they had a better variety yogurt ... .. the fresh fruit is always nice and the toppings area is kept clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is located in legacy village - say what so of course their quality has to be a little better than the average cleveland froyo quality . they have many flavors that you can choose from and my biggest relief when i went to the store was seeing a fresh clean fruit section . that was very important to me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding office staff , very friendly and polite . we had 2 full doors installed with new motors . ethan , our technician , was on time , knowledgeable , and very friendly . when we ran into a small hiccup ethan and one of the owners were able to provide a solution that was perfect . garage doors were affordable , customer service on point , will use again for all garage door needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people were contracted by home depot to install a new garage door we purchased from home depot . they were pleasant and easy to work with and their installer did an excellent job of fitting the door and finished quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys always take great care of our commerical and residential doors . even helped us create a custom designed lift from garage door parts . best service and great prices . always there for us and have never been let down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used this company solely for the last 6 years . originally i purchased the garage door for my house through home depot , stapley action garage door was subcontracted to actually measure , order , and install the door . i 've had them back several times over the years to do preventative maintenance on my door . the one consistent thing about their service is that ; they 're always on time , the staff are always courteous , and they do a thorough job . i 'm saddened by the lower rating reviews , as those are not my experience . the only thing i can say that 's a little disingenuous is the name stapley is not really accurate as they 're located on a street named ivy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a terrible experience yesterday 10-30-15 for this store . it was very disorganized from the get go with people waiting for coffee for a long time . i had to wait 7 minutes for a basic coffee then another 7 minutes for a # 5 breakfast . the employees were dressed up but no smiles . the lady who looked like a ladybug was snarky and no guest service at all . i hope she was n't a manager . it was just a really bad experience and i hope this was an anomaly and not typical or i wo n't ever come back for sure", "score": "1"}
{"review": "once walking in , i can see there 's already a line . great i thought , another long wait . this place was much different . the barista was taking drink orders even before you were being waited in to get the coffee made and out there . the line moved very quickly . and service was presented with a smile and cheer . family friendly atmosphere , clean floors . the manager walks around and asks how everything is . and they 're always cleaning . i have 4 stars , for my particular service . ordered a coffee coolata and already paid . then was told they did n't have it . so front counter people need to have more information about what 's going on when waiting on ppl . ok", "score": "4"}
{"review": "legitimately the worst location ever . i moved here in august and was thrilled dunkin was so close to school and home . i 'm better off driving to the location off of thunderbird than walking to this one ! not only do the manager lack respect for the employees ( as i have witnessed public berating of the staff while in ) , but the entire staff lacks any concern for the customers and getting them timely service . i spent 15 minutes waiting for a coffee that was never made because the manager training the cashier never wrote a cup out for my drink . but took the time to reorganize the sale displays , even walking past me several times and never once asking what i waiting for or may have needed . i 'm now late for my engagements for the day . another woman had a hot coffee which she sent back because it `` was n't hot at all . '' officially learned my lesson and will be going to the starbucks in the same parking lot from now on . the coffee is not worth the aggravation of saving a few dollars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thanks for being rude when you got my order wrong and then just transferring the incorrect cheese from one sandwich to the other instead of putting new cheese on both sandwiches . now my sandwich tastes like an everything bagel . not exactly what i was looking forward to this morning . this location gets my order wrong more often than not . i think it 's time to find a new breakfast place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst d & d i 've ever had . went here for one solid week real early in the morning to see if i liked it as my go to . children are in charge of this location , so it suffers what children will do to a business if not supervised and well managed . big disappointment . bad attitudes & no customer service experience . will not be coming back . there is another coffee shop a stones throw away that is well managed and great service . go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we go to this dunkin donuts just about every time we viisit arizona . donuts are of course always fresh and service is good . i fell in love with the vanilla chai drink", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dunkin donuts is pretty average to me . i think they 're a little bit overrated . i had never been to one before moving to arizona so i was looking forward to trying it , but it was pretty much like every other donut store i 've ever been to . plus , by the time i got my donut , it was stale . i do n't know if it was because it was mid to late morning , or if it 's because they keep donuts out in the open . either way , their donuts were average at best and their infamous iced coffee was also , average at best . i do n't get the hype . 3 stars because it is literally a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "isabelle is the best . she knows every single regular customers `` usual '' and is always so happy and excited to help . service is sometimes slow but that is during wry busy hours . maybe the owners can hire a few more employees . overall , great coffee and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came and ordered a coffee , cause that 's what they 're known for , right ? sad to say i would prefer starbucks over this . maybe i should have gotten a donut instead . i tossed my drink after three sips .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "2 stars because it 's dd coffee and close to my home ... other than that customer service is at the lowest at this place ! not sure what the employees care more for when they get there , the donuts or the donuts but the people that consume the donuts and the coffee ... if only they sold their syrups i would avoid this place like the bubonic plague !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the fourth time i 've been here since moving to this area two years ago . the first time i visited i asked for two dozen donuts but was told i could n't order such a big order without a prior notice . second time the line was long and several people behind the counter worrying about their hair and clothes ... . almost same third visit . i went back even after all drama hoping for better from my local donut shop but was once again disappointed . i ordered a large black tea and ice heath latte . got a large blk ice coffee and the cashier questioned me ... i know what i ordered . my husband went to wash is hand in your washroom and it was disgusting as if it had n't been cleaned in months . the dryer for your hands is so high that water is splashed on you as you try to dry your hands . so disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the worst places to get a donut or even a plain bagel . . always out of stuff ... i 'm from the east coast n then know how to do it . the owners of the d & d , in az should go back n learn how it 's supposed to to run .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in to this location this morning about 0830 . found the store itself to be really dirty and messy . trash on the floor and tables , spilled milk on a table . the employee and the register was n't very friendly and kept turning around to talk to the people behind her while i was trying to order , then had me repeat my order every time . not a bad experience really , but not that great either . overall not a very friendly or welcoming atmosphere . went to this location because it was on my way to an appointment , but i think i 'll stick with my usual location on thunderbird .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "prices here a cheaper all through the menu compared to another store i frequent . and the people are mostly nice here . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always like dunkin . the 'old fashion ' is my favorite donut . the reason that this particular place is getting a 4 star over a 3 star is because i had an issue with a thermos style cup that we bought for my wife . i had taken it back and got a bit of a runaround so i emailed corporate and was contacted by the store manager . i explained what happened to her and the next time i was in the area , the manager had a replacement thermos style cup , of a different style because the one we had was no longer available , waiting for me . while it was a bit of an inconvenience to have to go the route that i did , my issue was resolved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never tried this place before ... i gave it two stars only because the staff was very friendly . i had the angus egg bagel sandwich . it was edible but the steak almost tasted and seemed like it was diced up meat just compressed and pattied together ... .the bagel was a garlic bagel ... .and i am sure it was nothing to do with the store but there was nothing to brag about with it . could have gotten a sara lee bagel from walmart with the same quality taste . the tables they have outside had a lot of pigeon poop on them so it was a big turn off . i understand that could have been out of their control but they looked like they had n't been cleaned in a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the new manager of this location is the best . he runs the register and does his share of work whilst providing a smile . my coffee was n't ready by the time my food was so he had the staff upsize my drink on the house . i 've had several iffy experiences here since it opened , but it 's turned around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cashier was rude and grabbed everyone 's donuts with her filthy gloves and did n't use the disposable tissues . they gave me a stale hard apple fritter which i returned after i spit out my first bite . place is a joke . it 's almost like they are trying to turn you away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by this morning at 11:00am and while the place was busy , wanted to get a 1 2 dozen of donuts ... did n't have but 4-6 different donuts , so canceled my order for donuts , bought two plain old fashioned instead . they had plenty of muffins , but there were n't even any munchkins to be had ! i was very disappointed !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this dunkin donuts ! isabelle is the best ! she knows everyone and is always smiling . even when they are busy , she talks to everyone and makes the line move fast . i wish they would switch from cancer causing polystyrene cups for medium and large cups to paper cups . otherwise the food is great , the service is excellent and the employees are fantastic . we are here at least 3 times a week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met with a representative scent from above at a breakfast meeting a couple weeks ago and it just so happened that i needed one of my rental properties cleaned . i had her come by and she was prompt , she listened to my concerns about the house , and she made suggestions . from the beginning she was very professional and friendly . when the cleaning crew was finished i got a phone call and went to inspect . it was beautiful ! i 'm very happy with scent from above and have already referred one of my friends . i will be referring many more people in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this past week i needed an emergency cleaning for some out of town guest that were coming into town . my regular cleaning people could not schedule me so i found scent from above who were able to get me scheduled the time and day i needed . there was a crew of two and they were amazing ! ! ! ! they dusted and cleaned places that my normal cleaning crew would never think of doing . i was so impressed with their service that i am now using them on a regular basis . if you need your house clean , try them out and see for yourself . loved their service and crew ! quick , professional thorough and friendly . thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scent from above is my go-to cleaning crew . i am happy to see that they take pride in their work and put so much emphasis on their training . i have had other cleaning companies give me quotes that are often high in price and lack the quality that scent from above has . i can see that they take care of their staff and i can also see that this translates into the exceptional services they provide . i recommend their services every chance i get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company took four rescheduling visits to complete my cleaning . angel said she would follow up her estimate with an email documentation but never did . they are now trying to charge me $ 140.00 more than the $ 500 originally quoted for the rental house cleaning . the scheduling , estimating and actual work are all done by different people and the right hand does n't seem to know what they left is doing . do not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "angel and the rest of the girls at `` scent from above '' were absolutely amazing . they cleaned my home i just put on the market and it is definitely move in ready . the buyers will be happy to not have to do a thing but move in : - ) i would recommend `` scent from above '' to all of my friends and co-workers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own a property management company in phoenix and i use scent from above for all property move outs and move ins . i will summarize my satisfaction as follows : i have never had a tenant call me at move in stating the property needs cleaning after scent from above has been there . makes my job easier , i am very pleased !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about the company , the owner and the crew . it is a pleasure coming home after they have done their standard great job of cleaning . they are incredibly responsive and , most importantly , they consistently do what they say they will do . i would recommend scent from above to anyone looking for a top-notch cleaning service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say that this company always has had done a great job people are very professional positive honest and compleatly fair i was think that there are two sides to each story i thank god for connie and angel they saved me many time god bless call and see what i mean", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried out scent from above to compare with a previous company i had used . i understood that i would be paying more than usual but was willing to pay extra for exceptional service . their office and cleaning staffs were very friendly and professional . however , i did not find their cleaning services to go above or beyond standard practices , so not worth an extra $ 200+ . i 'll either return to my old service i try another five star rated service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "scent from above is a little gift from heaven ! angel , the owner , is very professional and friendly . the crew is always on time and if they are running behind , will call me and let me know . the crew of 3-5 people are efficient , thorough and they leave the house sparkling clean and smelling fresh ( not like some companies that use harsh chemicals and the house reeks ) . they are cognizant of getting all areas of the home clean including baseboards , shutters , tops of window frames , cabinet fronts , appliances and even hard to reach places under the beds and furniture . i trust them in my home and am happy i finally found such a great company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair quotes , quality work , did an amazing job on our carpets treating stains and getting the old carpet back to like new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hallelujah ! my enmeshment in our busy social order has been resurrected . my iphone faced off with a hard surface one too many times sunday afternoon . early monday : i 've seen the screen 's brilliant lights configured legibly again , and it is good ! my patron saint of smartphone screen replacement and protection resides here . fast . honest . beyond conveniently located on the mile end plateau . reasonably priced _ given commonly accepted reality . my `` go to '' guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my samsung galaxy s6 was totally bricked . called ubreakifix they would n't touch it . i called a couple of other stores , they all said there was nothing they can do . even samsung customer support said they ca n't help unless i send it to the states . i found izone and took it over there and he was very friendly and saved my phone for a reasonable price ! i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks repaired my iphone screen in 25min , for $ 55 and it has worked great ever since ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is super nice . i dropped my s7 and he was able to fix the lcd screen within a day . a month later , the lcd screen started growing purple spots and i brought it in to fix it up . turned out that the new lcd screen has a tiny crack , so a new replacement was required . the owner was very sympathetic and paid for half the replacement screen ( mind you it 's around 200 dollars ) and did not charge a repair fee . i highly recommend this place , quick repairs , and all around great employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome and fast service ! price was very reasonable to fix my 5s screen , cheaper than other places i visited , and it is done right in front of you and you are welcome to wait in the store . would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "money money money give us money there 's not even a single cross at this place . it 's more like a casino for adults , the house always wins .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disclaimer : i recently moved to az and i 've only been here once . i assume a lot based on one visit . not fair of me , i know . however , i come from a large ( 13000-25000 weekly ) church in co and speak from previous experience ( on staff and attendee ) . everyone was nice and seemed sincere . children 's programs seem great . service and music were good . this `` campus '' was nice ! very , very nice . so nice that it seems pretentious , like a christian country club . i checked out the website and info i was given . kinda shocked that everything costs money . tithes should be going to create free programs to help your folks and not to coffee shops and cafes . the host was like a salesperson . i should n't get a free gift for coming . ( i did n't accept ) . silly . what is your motivation ? got a call a few weeks later from the church . just like a sales call . post your books online . transparency ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i attended ccv peoria location for years , but recently they opened the scottsdale campy which is closer to home for us , but i do miss this campus . the building itself is very warm and inviting . if you have kids , their kids facility is like disneyland , they will be begging you to go back . sermons are always outstanding and very relatable . their main focus is getting men to attend first and appealing to them so the whole family goes , i love this concept . i know this church has really turned my husband back into getting involved in church again which is priceless . try a sermon and do n't forget to bring a friend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , you lost another star today . i was `` semi '' okay with the video . i was told by a friend that the pastor rotated the churches so everyone had a live experience . i was okay with that until today . at the end of the video , the pastor in the video , don wilson , walked out . really ? ? ? ? ? were you just hanging out back stage ? get on stage . i am not going to use the word lazy . maybe a better thing to do is reference tommy barnett . he could and would , and has , pulled a five service sermon on a weekend , and is much older . i 'm trying to make this my home . but dang it . come on . this video thing is nuts .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this church . very welcoming members and staff , and great children 's and adult programs . lots of activities and amenities . services are engaging and enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this church is a solid helping and loving church ! go to this church you will know what i mean . they make you feel home the moment you go inside of it.. its just a beautiful and caring church ! god bless this church ! i love the music the greeters and the pastor..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i consider this my home church . i was baptized here nearly 2 years ago . i love that i can attend as a single mom with zero judgement . if you are at all familiar with ccv then i 'm sure you have heard how large this place is . that is true . and it can make it difficult to connect with others unless you join a small neighborhood group . you can watch sermons from the comfort of your home via your ipad app . they have very trained childcare staff . each age group is divided accordingly . no complaints there . each time i attend i feel like the message it meant directly for me . i also like the casual setting . they are always very friendly and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best church we 've been to in many many years ago here at least try it the 2500 people they have for each service ca n't all be wrong . i know 2500 sounds like a lot but it 's a very good message that they have every week they also have some locations throughout the valley . okay so the location at happy valley road and 67th avenue has its own starbucks inside but that 's because it 's so big they also have great food and a great message and first time people get free food so if you thinking about a church try ccv they really know how to run services", "score": "5"}
{"review": "initially , i was pleased with my care . at my second cleaning , i had to insist on xrays which resulted in needing 4 fillings and there started a roadtrip of pain . i 'm having a lot of pain and had to go the er because this dentist wo n't prescribe anything . i called in the morning for assistance and was told they would call back but i had to call them to find out what was going on . dentist 's response was , i can see you tomorrow . so ... i 'm in agony , have gone to the er and his response is wait it out see you tomorrow ? the bedside manner has been poor and there is no education - both times i had fillings done , i had to ask how long it would take for the novocaine to wear off and if there were any instructions about care , eating , etc . i 'd give this place no stars if that was possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice dentist and staff . took me last minute because i was in pain . dentist was super sweet . gave me meds and referral . thanks for helping me ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beer so good it make ya wana slap yo ' mama . great building . great folks and a great brewer . very inviting . i do n't feel weird about bringing the kiddo , either . come see what they have on tap and jam out with your clam out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely semi sunny day in the cle . first time here - the prices are fantastic for craft beer . $ 5 for 16 ounces - not bad . growlers are $ 10 for the glass and $ 10 refills . seems like the owners are ready make this place in to great venue for events and gatherings . lots of space inside for future development . ca n't wait to go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a recommendation from a friend , my husband , a ( different ) friend , and i tried goldhorn out on a friday night . service was great , beer was delicious , and the food was awesome ! i got the chicken thigh sandwich , which was probably one of the better chicken sandwiches i 've had . husband got the burger and friend got the italian beef . i had the wheat beer and they both got samplers . gold stars all around ! will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool large place to hang out . there is a large bar , long high top community tables , a patio with park benches , a leather sofa area , and a party room where you and 300 of your closest friends can hang out . the bar service was awesome and the beer was good . the food was disappointing both with lack of speed ( 30 min to get soft pretzels ) and with taste ( real lumpy and grainy cheese dip ) . but we came for the beer and atmosphere and that did not disappoint . my husband bought their logo goat shirt and has been wearing it around town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to check out goldhorn having read about it in the pd . nice and clean . large room . very industrial as in concrete and metal -- minimalistic . ordered at the counter tho we would have preferred a waiter . a small bowl of peanuts or pretzels would have been a plus . brews were okay . one we tried we did not like at all , but that 's the fun about trying these microbrews . give goldhorn a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking forward to these guys opening in shaker heights . this is a very nice urban space , plenty of room . there was a varied beer list , all with clevelandesque names . i went for the dead mans curve ipa , and it was surprisingly good , as the last sampling of this brewery i had was goldhorn ipa which was a guest tap at another brewpub , and did n't quite get me where i wanted to go . i will definitely return , might try some food , but not my priority . i like that it is near the lake , in what might be an emerging neighborhood . when they open next year in shaker it will definitely be my go to ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was one of the better beer establishments in cleveland that i have tried ! had 2 flights , liked 7 10 of their beers . i 'm usually an ipa fan but enjoyed many different beers here including the belgian . did n't try any noms though so ca n't comment on that the area around the bar seems a little rough but the bar itself is nice with a chill atmosphere . tons of room for all your friends ! lots of windows and sunlight , great for day or evening drinks . there 's a parking lot in the back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time we 've been here we 've had some delicious brews . they have a great selection and helpful bartenders . food is served from a window at the side of the bar , and from what we can see it looks good but we have not yet ate here . looking forward to coming back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i started going to goldhorn brewing about a weeks after it opened . got to know all the bartenders and cooks . food was great ! then something weird happened . i went out of town for about a month and when i came back all the bartenders i knew were gone . all the cooks i knew were gone and the food went down hill . my two favorite items were changed or gone . i went from a 3-4 times a week regular to not wanting to go anymore . seriously bummed out also tell your kitchen manager to lighten up . every time i see him his chewing out some poor cook or bartender . not a good look in front of customers probably wo n't be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great beer and really cool place . huge tables with free board games and you can play indoor cornhole out back . only had nachos but they were excellent , we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great new spot with some excellent beers in an emerging neighborhood . as a west side , its worth the drive and a great spot to hit after the flea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good beer ! i had samples of about 5 or 6 beers and all were solid . food menu is simple but looked good from what i saw coming out . plenty of space if you have a big group ! if you like trying new places and good beer give this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great beer selection - something for anyone . food menu is a little limited but really good . cuban panini on point . neighborhood a little sketchy but adds to character . would go back with friends for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot . plenty of space inside . tried a flight of their brews ( priced at $ 6 which is a steal ) . all that i tried were great , dunkel , ipa , irish cream , and stout . i did not get to try the food but it sounded good . looks like they have space set up for brewing classes as well . plenty of parking next to the building . just a short drive to e 55th marina which is ideal for the summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot ! the space is large , open , comfortable . table seating , large bar with stools , high tables , even a lounge type corner and picnic tables outside , so you 'll find some situation you like . you place your order directly with the kitchen , which i kinda prefer . get your drinks from the bar . beer is quite good , though i have n't had everything . to be honest , i never go to this neighborhood , but goldhorn was an intriguing excuse to give it a look . hub 55 is looking good and i 'm very happy to see this kind of thing popping up with passionate owners and loyal customers . i currently live in boston , where a place like goldhorn would never happen , for a number of reasons . next time i come to town , i 'd be proud to take my girlfriend to goldhorn brewery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love that this place is just around the corner from our office in midtown . nice to see the area around sterles coming back . lots of space and great beer ! i like how you can get a sampler of 4 for just $ 6 . the growlers are also reasonable . i also like how you can just order food from the counter and take it to the table , which is nice for a larger group of people . the food was delicious too ! ca n't wait until you have your website going and menu up so everyone can explore what you have to offer . keep going !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . i love the layout . they sometimes have yoga classes in conjunction with balance and brews . unfortunately good beer does bad things to my body ( sad clown noise ) . so i am limited to one . the barkeeps are very knowledgeable and super friendly . they have a small menu with sammies , sausage and meat platters . this is a must try if you like beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great brewery in an upcoming neighborhood of cleveland . it is right next to cafe 55 and sterles . the inside is very industrial and simple and has a ton of windows looking into the area the beer is made . when we went there was 9 different selections . my fianc\u00e9 and i got samplers that come with four beers for $ 6 . yes . $ 6 ! we had two samplers , both with four different flavors , and our bill was $ 12 . you can not beat these prices ! the beer was absolutely delicious and had a large range of flavor . the stout was my favorite and was full of flavor while also being very smooth . they had a great selection of food too . the pierogis looked delicious as well as their nachos ! they just serve apps but they 're good old cleveland apps everyone will enjoy . they also have two different option for the kiddos as well ! highly recommend this new brewery and ca n't wait to go back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in financial issues and needed a little help . it took about 2 hours to get paperwork done because the guy who had helped us was going in and out just to chat with his coworkers . ridiculous . the staff here are just plain rude . they are not friendly at all . if i ever need financial help ever again , i am never coming here . find help elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for a long time now , and it 's always a good experience . everyone is super helpful , and today , even when it was super busy as well as understaffed , stephanie made it painless . once we got to the back we were done in no time ! thanks for a great experience stephanie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful , quick , customer service ! stephanie romo is the best rep they have ! she was very warm and experienced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've stayed here many times over the past few years . it used to be a good value . but it has gone downhill badly . my most recent stay in september was horrible . the lock on my room door did n't work . despite several complaints at the front y desk it was n't fixed . so the room was basically unlocked for my entire stay . the carpets in the hall were dirty and smelly . the food served for breakfast was inedible . i travel to this area monthly . i wo n't be staying here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely inflexible policies requiring an unheard of $ 200 authorization for incidentals on a prepaid 2 night expedia reservation . due to a late deposit at my bank , there was not $ 200 available on my card for the authorization , though it would be available in the morning following my 9pm check in . an offer to leave credit card with the front desk for authorization in the morning was refused . hawthorn by wyndham corporate was contacted who then contacted the property on my behalf and the property still refused to extend the courtesy 9 a morning authorization . principal and gm of this property is david kim . never again will i recommend or book with this wyndham brand . reference # 3359996 filed with wyndham corporate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "- shady people in the parking lot . one of them followed and waited till receptionist checked me in . on top of it , receptionist told my room number and length of stay loud enough . traveling as single lady did not feel safe . in this very quite hotel . - hotel offers evening snacks on wed and thursday . when i checked on wednesday , [ was totally hungry with long flight ] . receptionist did n't tell me by a single word , that i can take it . - problem with website - wifi : lol , super super slow on weekday . + breakfast was good + check in out was quick + room was good and clean + 2 tvs , 1 remote control did n't work properly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am paying $ 113 per night . this place looks like a museum from 1980 's ... carpet is really dirty and everything is just old ... the worst part is the place smells like cigarettes everywhere ... disgusting place and recommend you to not to waste your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my initial reaction was 1 star . but we stayed 3 days and it was okay . probably 1.5 to 2 stars . the furniture could use updating . the tile in the bathroom was in good shape , but the base of the vanity had some water damage . we were in building 4 first floor . breakfast was good and the breakfast workers were diligent in keeping everything stocked . eating area was a bit small and crowded at times . pool was fine but only 5 ft deep . the front desk was helpful . they have a small room with two computers for guests to use and they helped me fax a document . having two rooms with the common area for the kitchenette and couch was good . having only bathroom for six people was not ! the sofa bed was old , uncomfortable , and your feet were higher than your head . we were driven by price , location and the suite configuration so it worked for us . not quite what i expected from wyndham .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "to bad i have to actually give a star . we reserved a 2 bedroom suite , and of course we arrived to an excuse of we are sorry your room flooded but here we have a 1 bedroom with a really uncomfortable sofa pull out . for 6 people and no discount no sorry nothing . i did expect a higher standard due to being a wyndham chain but i guess every gm runs their hotel different very unfortunate . will notify corporate for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we found this place through priceline and were pleasantly surprised . the suites were of decent size , the furniture was comfortable and the bed was terrific - an enormous king . the price was right , the service was fine , the hot tub was close , and we did n't hear any other guests though the parking lot would suggest it was half-full on a weekend in february . some negatives : the lighting in the kitchen was of the atrocious squint-inducing fluorescent variety , and the `` efficiency '' fridge was anything but : while i opened it twice in our whole weekend , it ran constantly . tsk tsk , energy-efficiency-wardens . thankfully there was a door to close off the bedroom from the rest of the suite . i 'd go back though as the price is right and the location was fine . no noise from the road or neighborhood at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was great ! fantastic ! could n't be more happier . until ... . we came to our hotel room on saturday night and the maids had packed all of our things . mixing me and my friends things up . all of our items had been touched . they even threw away a bag of clothes . i called the manager to complain . i got a nice manager but not the head manager . he informed the manager would get back to me by tuesday . did not get back to me , so i called , left a message . a week later , still no response . tried to call again . got the same nice manager , but not the main manager . unfortunately , due to their lack of concern i will not be able to stay here anymore . clearly they do not care about the well being of their guests and their maids are not trained in how to clean a room and not touch guests things . the manager had a chance to save this yelp review and unfortunately , made no effort to even speak to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they charged us one night penalty for checking out early . they told me it was because of the special rate we got . interestingly , we got charged two days later from the date we checked out . it is the first time , we deal with something like this . we check out early at other hotels with no penalties . when i booked the room , i understood it was a flexible rate . but the manager insisted it is their policy , and we did n't get refunded . in the confirmation , there is nothing that says that we get penalize for checking out early . i do understand that we get penalize when we do n't show up . so it does n't makes sense to me . we will never use this hotel again . i did n't want to argue with the manager . but keep this in mind when you book the hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really bad . very very dirty carpet . ac would n't work . door to building had problems recognizing our key . front desk people are unprofessional idiots . if you stay here you get what you deserve . so dirty i had amex hold off on accepting charges . i think they even have bed bugs . uckkk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first thing i noticed was the dingy smell when walking into side door of hotel . the whole room is out dated . not worth the money . i 'm surprised this place is in business with all the nice new choices in chandler .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'd give half a star if i could . this place sucks . no elevators , and one ice machine seven buildings away . when i approached shawn at the front desk to cut five days off my stay , he did not even ask why i wanted to leave . horrible customer service . i would have been happy to explain that the pubic hair i found all over the bathroom was a turn off , and hauling all my luggage up two flights of stair , s with chronic back issues was painful . this place should not be part of the wyndham family of hotels . definitely not up to their usual standards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed here for the convenience of our event . the check in process was slow . they did not explain the $ 350 deposit they were putting a hold on with my checking account . something could have been said . the room was blah . sure could use some updates . made the reservation for a smoking room and then told that there none available . cleanliness is not their first priority . we checked in after 3:00 p.m. and there were trash bags in the hallway that stayed there until after 6:00 p.m . the hotel staff does n't leave amenities if stay8ing more than one night . the bed was hard . the wifi would not work and the tech support is useless . we wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i would have read the reviews in here prior to booking at his hotel . my experience was similar . poor customer service , dirty no filthy facilities and rooms , and pictures are false advertisement . i would avoid this place like the plague , trust me even if you think your getting a good deal , your not in more ways than one !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hawthorn was awesome great service from the front desk lady shawna she was a lifesaver for my intel paperwork to get to california thank you shawna you 're the best ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place blows unfortunately i have two more nights in this dump . do not book here putting up a tent would be better . oh my back is killing me . the breakfast sucks the market has nothing the fitness center has two crappy machines . this is supposed to be a kitchen suite 1 large glass check that 1 medium class 1 small class and to bathroom glasses 1 towel the girl in the hall was very nice and gave me more towels . i want to go get my money back and move . ok day 3 check out is 12 noon the key stopped working at 10 . the bullshit excuse was daylight savings time az . does n't change time . the pool is closed there was a bunch of travel baseball assholes in there last night . so instead of security at night the pool needs to be shocked for two hours . if your older the toilets are potty training height so be ready to workout your knees . do n't stay here ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a two . ok for me . guy on sales trip , one night but my wife would be un happy . kind of run down especially for wyndham cleaner would be better . check mold on tub . really ? ca n't you afford bleach . this is phoenix by the way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is gross . it smells like cigarettes even though its a non smoking room . for the price we paid it should come with better cable tv . and i needed more shampoo and stuff but they 're out ? and everything looks dingy and old .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i stayed at this hotel last august for 1 week . we got a 2 bedroom suite . it was perfect for us ! we had another couple with us , and 2 pre teen girls . we loved that we had a full size refrigerator , a top range stove , a dishwasher , and dishes . it made our stay there for 1 week so much easier . they also had a pull out bed , which our pre teen daughters slept on . if your going to stay in a hotel with multiple people i really believe this is the best way to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst take out i have ever received ! ordered the meal for 2 which comes with a few gravy based dishes , naan , rice and some appetizer . the naan was atrocious ! i have had some frozen naans in my life so i can tell when i am being fed one . the naans that amaya sent us as part of our meals were taken from the back of freezer , quickly warmed up and packed for dinner . so crumbly and really did n't taste good at all . the appetizer chicken was undercooked and everything else was just average . never ordering again ! see my pictures of how the naans were sent in the dinner . they ended up where they deserved to end up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to try indian food for a while , but since i ca n't really handle spicy food , i was n't sure i 'd enjoy it . finally , i tried amaya express a couple weeks ago and i have to say , it was delicious ! i was a bit hesitant because it 's a chain and i wanted to try something authentic , but this being my first experience with indian food , i cant really tell . my husband and i picked up a 'dinner for 4 ' with extra naan to share with some friends . all of us ( including my almost 2yr old son ) loved it ! it was n't a bad price either , considering we had so much food it lasted us ( and the other couple ) a few days . sooo tastey ! - even when you 're too lazy to reheat the leftovers : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i really enjoy ordering take out from this place . the food is always consistent and in my opinion , the best indian food in town . there is never a long wait between order time and delivery , and once i placed an order and forgot to order garlic naun ( i only ordered regular ) and when i picked it up i noticed my mistake , and they made me some fresh garlic naun on the spot for no extra charge . it made me feel special as a customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one word - yummy ! ! ! they have a few tables in the front and we actually ate in . it was cozy and had an understated elegance with friendly , detail oriented service and superb presentation . as for the food , the naan is among the best i 've had and the tamarind sauce for the onion bhaji was delightfully playful . will definitely add it to my list of faves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a total of $ 125 of git certificate for amaya indian room from my boss around two years ago . since i am not a big indian food fan , so did n't think of going until this weekend . when i was about to make a reservation online , found that it is closed and now is amaya express . when i called the phone number on the gift certificate , the guy said it 's no longer the same company , and they are not honouring the gift certificate . according to the online article from toronto star , amaya express is owned by the same owner . will never visit any of their locations again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just dropped in for a quick lunch - got the butter chicken , rice and naan . friendly , fast service ( even though the place was empty ) food was brought over quickly in little copper vessels and man- i have had a lot of indian food in my day and i was very surprised at how good it was . the rice was very tasty , perfectly cooked , and the chicken was moist and very flavourful . naan was great too - completely exceeded my expectations ! i will definitely be going back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amaya express and its sister restaurant used to be fantastic . no more . expensive , poorly seasoned , odd off-flavours , minimal meat in the curries , soggy tough naan ... never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish we looked at the reviews , we use to order from this place and the food was good but things have changed . we ordered palak paneer but got chicken in there , vindaloo use to have potatoes with the chicken but no more . hope they go back to how it use to be !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappointed with the food and the menu . quality and quantity is not the worth pricing . it 's a rip off . will never order from here again . butter chicken tastes like campbell 's tomato soup with little pieces of chicken . lamb biryani lacked the lamb . had only a cpl pieces of lamb in it . everything comes with little meat but lots of sauce . none of the food came with rice or naan bread . you have to order it separately . again that 's a rip off as that should be included . do n't order from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you pretty much get what you expect from this place - not the best indian food you 'll ever have but certainly tasty . tried a couple samosas , lamb vindaloo ( combo with rice and naan ) and dal makhani and all were good . called the order in and food was ready within 10-15 minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has undergone a renovation . please do n't think that this is the regular fast food express place - it 's much more expensive than other amaya 's . i think it 's by the same owner across the street who owns indian street food . they are working on repositioning this as a sit down restaurant . the food here is nice and well made . the samosa , chicken lollipop is nice and tasty . they have a thali that is something worth trying . it has a nice mix of vegetables and rice nan but a sweet is missing . the place was under renovation when i went in there . i think it can deserve more than 3 stars but that 's what i 'd like to give it now", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is decent , chefs cooks are awesome , but servers are something to be experienced . i suggest you eat in , and listen to them complain and ridicule customers who call in . it 's quite something . imagine what they 'll say about you when you 're gone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only have gotten take out from this place and the food is usually decent here . unfortunately prices on the menu have gone up . this means that you should be expecting even better quality service , right ? ? uhmmmmmm : after a few orders here are a few things to comment about : at least they were honest that the delivery time would be an 1.5 hours and 1 hr 20 minutes . an order which showed up an extra 15 minutes late came so without any apology for the lateness . an order of dessert never showed up for one order . one order of the naan showed up blackened ( see photo ) . seriously the chef who made this thought it was ok to serve ? ? ugh , i want to like this place but this blackened naan at increased prices is the last straw for me . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the box meals consist of a few teaspoons of curry with a pound of rice . the samosa 's were not fresh and everything was slopped all over the container . the salad was a thimble of vegetables that tasted like chemicals . the order was of unacceptable quality therefore called the restaurant who refused to assist and could n't care less about customer service or satisfaction . use to be my favourite restaurant but i wo n't have my family treated with such disrespect as i experienced on the phone and $ 70 worth of food that 's a complete disaster .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure about how authentic the food is , but it 's hella tasty . amaya express ( pretty obvious from the name ) is part of the amaya chain of restaurants eateries . for a bit i 'd be going to the indian room , but i discovered amaya express just a block or two down the street on bayview . ae is essentially the same thing as ir , but without all that 'jazz ' ... . waiter service , romantic ambiance , alcohol . there 's a very small dining area , but it seems that most go for the delivery or take-out options . check out their website for their menu . on monday 's and tuesday 's , the 'dinner for 2 ' is cheaper than other days of the week . you can also buy prepackaged food and sauces . for indian take-out , i come here . it 's close to home and the food is pretty good . yay , i 'm a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . very flavourful . naan bread is excellent and the sauces are always rich . only reason it is 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because it 's a bit pricey and the delivery can take some time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although the food may be fine , a delivery time of 2 hours is not acceptable . maybe it is ok to eat at the restaurant but i do not recommend ordering delivery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took take out from this place a week ago ( couldnt geg around to write a review before ) and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "became a fan of ae late this summer , and am more in love with their curry chicken now than when i first tried it ! the naan is amazing too ! it is a tad on the expensive side , but it 's worth working into your budget if you love spicy indian curry chicken like me ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this may very well be the most overpriced restaurant i 've been to . the portions are tiny -- my chicken kebab appetizer featured two pieces on my kebab ; the fish and prawn curry featured three pieces of fish and two prawns for twenty dollars . the food we did get was excellent , but we left hungry . even the coconut rice pudding servings were scanty -- and we 're talking bout a cheap dish of milk and rice , here ! my husband ordered a pop and was charged for the refill -- three dollars each ! the decor is nice , the service is good , but for the kind of profit they must be making , it damn well ought to be .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible just terrible . rude . condescending . not knowledgeable about current offer and phones . just walked out on them when they told me to do my own research . go to the one actually owned by t-mobile .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to upgrade my htc m8 to a samsung s7 . they told me i could save money by doing their unlimited plan for $ 70 a month . i was on board and they said the plan was changed on my account . fast forward over a month later i still noticed my plan had n't changed on my account and i was still getting charged more than 70 a month . i ended up calling customer support so they could change it . why offer this plan if you are n't even going to actually update my account ? that is what you are there for . i just hope they are n't duping other unsuspecting customer into thinking updates have been made to there account when they really have n't .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to the t-mobile store on greenfield and baseline first to fix my network issue , they only replaced my sim card . i came here ( val vista & warner ) 20 minutes later for the same issue , they had me reset all my network . fixed in an instant . this store has been great , this time and in the past . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was a way to give a 0 i would . i am so pissed about how i was educated about my services and found out i am paying more than i was educated . so far no one will do anything about it but tell me that i need to pay the bill ! by the way my bill is a $ 100 more a month plus tax . no matter what you do do n't choose tmboile for your services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "total mom and pop joint open about a year . have sampled several of the tacos , lengua , cabeza , pastor , and tripe . each one dressed slightly different and all made with care and super delicious . also sampled the birria pozole . the depth of flavor in the broth could have been better , but overall a very satisfying dish . large boneless chunks of savory goat meat , that were super tender , as well as some bone in pieces . once augmented with a bit of lime , onion and cilantro , this simple dish came to life . washed it all down with a very nice horchata , that was super good and not overly sweet . not destination dining by any means , but if you are in the neighborhood definitely worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped here a while back while visiting local businesses . i 'm always up for a good taco , and it did not disappoint . my only complaint would be the salsa - not very flavorful , almost seemed like it might have been bottled . the green sauce was a redeemer , but i need my spice to make the meal complete .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for dinner based on the reviews posted here . i regret that decision . the customer service was great . but the food was absolutely sub-par . i got the crazy burrito and the meat was hella fatty . the tortilla was way thin . almost all my bites had fat in it and with each bite i lost my appetite more and more . totally sucks . i was way hungry after dealing with the devil 's armpit that is this heat . boo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was on my way back to tolleson from phoenix tonight , and made a point to try this place . i have been hunting for tacos similar to or as delicious as the street tacos in los angeles . this place is different but not in a bad way . i ordered 4 tacos : carne asada , pollo , al pastor , and cochinita . each $ 1.50 , which is reasonable . these are small tacos , which i like most . you can try 3 , 4 or 5 different tacos but not feel stuffed . i requested corn tortillas , and i think they make them there . they turned out to be pretty darn delicious ! i 'll definitely try this place again . if you 're visiting from los angeles or california , i encourage you to try this taqueria , it 's very close to the 10 fwy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food . i passed by this restaurant monday night and saw the sign outside for caldo de res . the next day my husband and i decided to stop in for some caldo since it was chilly out unfortunately the caldo de res is only served monday and thursday but the caldo de pollo was great ! we will be going back tomorrow for caldo de res ! my husband had the albondigas de camaron it was a little spicy for me but it was all amazing ! i cant wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is good i liked it ... just do n't order to go it taste different from the last two times i did that but the times that i sat down and ate there was pretty awesome food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place over the weekend with some friends , had the champurrado and it was ok , not the best i 've had but i would order it again , ordered the red chili plate with rice and beans , pretty good tortillas were good also . my hubby had the menudo said it was good . small little place that i 'm sure i 've passed a hundred times before , glad i know it 's there now . we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered 3 steak tacos and enchilada platter . steak was good , however the tacos were not much bigger than a silver dollar . enchiladas , sour cream , and `` guacamole '' were extremely watery . enchiladas were ok at best . would not go here again if it was free . would 've rather ate a tv dinner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't let the building fool you . this is a good little taco spot . not super pricy but had some great flavor . when i 'm in scottsdale or downtown phx . i pay closer to 3to4 dollars each they were reasonable and good try it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place it 's so good and there aguachile is delicious ! ! everything really is good but from all the seafood restaurants i have gone to this taqueria makes the best aguachile", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot to eat . the food is very authentic . i highly recommend trying this place out when close to tolleson .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here based on the recommendation from another yelper and i have to say i 'm quite disappointed . the fact that the place was completely empty should 've tipped me off that i was n't in for a decent meal . i got the asada tacos on flour tortillas . the meat was a bit on the dry side and overcooked . the rice and beans were standard . the friendly cashier is the only thing keeping this place from getting 1 star . i definitely wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is great and every time i take someone to the restaurant they always love it . it is grest to have a place that reminds you of home , especially when the owner is fromt the same old colonia . as a cenaduria , it is meant to be cheap . it is a great place to get real sinaloense food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best little hidden gem . everything and i mean everything is delicious . i come here at least once a week . the shrimp in garlic sauce is my favorite and the flour tortillas are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wanted to say i had a bad experience at this establishment food did n't taste of that great save your money go somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was good , not a fan of the menudo but their tacos where yummy . i personally liked the al pastor tacos ! they were juicy and full of flavor . we 'd come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their tacos and the people that work there are always super attentive and really nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have tried every burrito , gorditas , ceviche , tacos and machaca they are all good . i have yet to eat anything that i did n't like . the staff is very nice and attentive . i would definitely recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of our favorite places to go to . i have yet to try something on their menu i do n't , very authentic food . not pricey at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tacos were the best thing i ordered ( some of the best i 've eaten in phoenix as well . ) each type had a different topping variety . the meats were delicious and not fatty . place is legit ! their salsa is yummy as well . i had the gordita and did n't love it ( kinda bland and lame after the exciting tacos ) , but i do n't usually like the fried dough stuff in general . cheap and totally worth driving to tolleson ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is ok , service is sad . they are rude , disorganized and reek of cigarettes . they ca n't even manage to serve the line in order . for example after taking my order , they then asked the next person in line for their order . after beginning mine ( all they did was take the tortilla from the bag ) , the server walked away and a new one came up , and completed the person behind 's order before the last server returned and worked on mine . lots of mexican restaurants in this area , try any of the others first , this place will leave you disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "initially drawn to this place by the `` free burrito '' day promotion they had . since then i 've already gone back 3 times . the staff are always super nice and helpful when trying to make a choice . the best stuff this place offers is fresh ingredients . they offer fresh jalape\u00f1os , diced onions , peppers , cilantro and have a corn salsa and pico . i find that fresh veggies alone make this taste better than most burrito places . also the ancho chipotle sauce is delicious . i 've heard their hot sauce is pretty spicy and have n't ventured into trying it yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this organization has created so much revenue for the city of las vegas . dana white has truly helped the las vegas economy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got charged $ 99 for a monthly auto renewable subscription to ufc fightpass . it was advertised as 7.99 a month . that math does n't add up , plus it is false advertising . that is not a monthly subscription , it is a yearly subscription . hoping i can cancel this crap , because my so called subscription does n't even show up on the ufc website . what a rip off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all , you folks that gave this slop 5 stars have no taste-buds left at all . ordered pork egg foo yung , burnt on both sides ... way too expensive at $ 10bucks , every other joint has it for $ 7.99 . the gravy was not gravy it was a watery salty soy sauce , that spilled all in the bag , gravy for egg foo yong has always been a thick gravy ... ..the rice portion was too small and stingy , the patties were too small ( stingy ) burnt inedible , ... stop ripping people off . the good it was n't greasy . i want my money back ... .very fast-talking lady behind counter , `` never trust fast-talkers '' and stop trying to push a healthy agenda . this aint california , fat people in vegas do n't want healthy ... ..get it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've had better . hubby and i ate here ... we loved it ... at first . we started out with lettuce wraps and it was great seemed a little salty but seemed great . i tried just a few bites . jasmine hot tea was great . hubby tried orange chicken and it had real orange and orange peel zest was present . i got a veggie lo-mein add garlic . both seemed like great dishes . here is why i only give this place two stars . 1.they use msg . i 'm 2000 % sure . why am i so sure ? because i 'm very allergic . had a migraine right after . was very sick . i do n't know if they state if they do or do not and it 's my fault for not asking . 2.hubby got food poisoning . how do i know ? we went for lunch . was the only thing he ate that day . : ( he was sick all night . two stars was a stretch ... but they were nice and the place seemed organized . can not and will not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wtf is this big ball of msg or salt in this chicken fried rice that i had picked up for delivery today ! disgusting & definitely not acceptable ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good chinese food and outstanding service . had the kung pao chicken and more chicken than vegetables . excellent starters , with fried crisps and pickled radish carrot . the soup was perfect , just broth but with flavor . this place is new and clean and we recommend this restaurant . enjoy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a nice , not too slummy , not too fancy , chinese restaurant with really good food ! this place just opened up . i used a mailer coupon the first time but the food was so good i decided to come back again . the hot and sour soup is actually hot and sour..and really yummy ( i 'm pretty picky with my soups ) . my husband and i also had peking duck - the duck was crispy and juicy as it should be and the buns were soft and fresh . we ordered the shrimp lo mein for my kids ... a little salty for my taste but my kids enjoyed it ! the staff there is superfriendly and professional - they brought extra crispy noodles because my son told the waiter the noodles were yummy ! i will definitely come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is peking good ! if you have never ordered this dish before , ljc should be the first place you visit . ordering peking duck feels so regal . there 's so many components to this dish and it 's really a show when you order it . they slice and plate the duck in front of you . there 's the crispy lean skin from the breast . it 's important to have this thinly sliced so that it can be easily wrapped with the green onions and bao ( the white bread ) . the remaining portions of the duck is then plated again meant to be enjoyed on its own . when you put it all together , it 's easy to see why this is the beloved dish of choice for most chinese vietnamese weddings . this is as good as it gets in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this restaurant ! my husband and i go all the time and ( for some reason ) are the only ones in there . every time we go we swear that its the best meal we 've ever had . their orange chicken is so good that the moment it touches my tongue i get goosebumps , and could i make love to a plate of food , i would . everything on their menu is incredible and delicious and amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just saw them on dirty dining . might wan na check it out before trying this place . when going in side they were rated a c and after watching this news episode i know why now , they are repeated offenders to health violations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , fgood food and quiet atmosphere . been back since our initial visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the lemon chicken and it was very good . get the banana dessert with red bean ice cream ! everyone working here is so nice . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food . i was surprised to see the ownership changed as we were planning on going to tiger sushi but are really glad longjin was there and we gave it a try . the service was beyond amazing . not bothering you too much but still checking on you . i had some salt n pepper tofu and shrimp fried rice . both delicious ! ! i also recommend the firecracker shrimp as an appetizer . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! with the help of our restaurant.com certificate , my bf and i went here one night and we really enjoyed our time . their peking duck was crispy and fatty and we fought over some pieces lol . their green beans was our obvious favorite . i have officially converted my bf into a veggie lover ! their calamari was good , but my favorite is still from hk seafood garden . maybe it 's because i do love the oil . our server was very attentive and helpful , he even offered to make all our peking duck buns for us . we both loved his quintessential chinese accent , he sounded like po 's ( goose ) father from kung fu panda ! the service that night was a tiny bit slow because it was such a busy night . this did not bother us at all though , the food was too good that it distracted us . i ca n't wait to come back to this place again : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok . it 's so hard sometimes coming from a place where there are a whole lot of asians ... you become way too picky about your oriental comestibles . we ordered a whole bunch of things and they were all ok . nothing to write home about , but then again we did n't order a clay pot thingy or any shark 's fin soup . decent chinese for vegas if you do n't want to eat it in a buffet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ... ca n't say enough about this place . the food is amazing and the service is excellent . they start you off with a pot of hot tea ( free of charge ) and some fried chow mein noodles and sliced vegetables with sweet and sour sauce . the lunch servings are generously portioned and the kung pao chicken was very tasty . the meal was less than $ 10 . ca n't beat this place for quality and value . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pot stickers ( dumplings ) , lettuce wraps , chicken fried rice , and slice of cheesecake.. happy customer here ! pot stickers were a little undercooked but still delicious . lettuce wraps superb ! chicken fried rice superb ! portion size excellent ! delivery time approx 30 mins . friendly , polite , tastes great . wo n't even try another chinese place in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents love this place . they have great lunch specials and their food always comes out fresh and delicious . our favorites are kung pao chicken and beef chow fun . it is owned by a hard working husband and wife . the children help out here too . i love supporting family businesses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "little chinese restaurant in the middle of las vegas . authentic dishes like mongolian beef ( one of the best i have ever had ) , kung pao with chicken or beef and one of my favorite imperial peking duck ! the service is great and the prices are not too expensive . fast delivery tru eat24 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was driving with my girlfriend when i saw the long jin sign we wanted to try it out not very many chinese restaurants in southern highlands . we walked to this awesome little place that was very clean staff was friendly and helpful ! nowadays there are not too many places out there that gives geniune friendly services . i enjoyed the lettuce wraps ! ! ! sooo good i had 2 orders the orange chicken and green beans were awesome ! we will definitely be back for more soon ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from out of town , had a hankering for chinese food , yelped some local places and found long jin chinese . had my niece go pick up our order . not only was i ridiculously impressed with the quality of food but my niece was uber impressed with the restaurant itself . the food was fresh and the place was clean and the staff was friendly . also , they are msg free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked it . i was greeted with a smile , seated , my order taken and food arrived without delay . was n't very busy . i read the reviews and could n't find any reason to believe them . place was clean , service decent and the generals chicken was tasty and had a nice crunch to it . am in town for just a few days . if i lived here i would come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it did the trick for delivery which was quick . average american chinese . nothing stood out , but nothing was horrible . there is much better chinese to be had in china town for the same price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very clean . excellent food . friendly service . would recommend this restaurant to anyone . peking duck nicely presented tableside . apps were pleasant . enjoy long jin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food off the strip ! the lady who waited on us was the owner i believe she was very friendly and the sweet & pungent chicken had a unique taste unlike any of the typical sauces most chinese restaurants use . i would definitely recommend checking it out ! i will add that there were a couple ladies in the booth behind us who were complaining that the food tasted `` fake '' so i guess if you 're looking for some fancy asian bistro this is n't it . but if you want some good chinese take out style food this is the place to go", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a gem of a place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! no msg , and all of their food is fresh and very flavorful ! ! ! ! i am amazed at the quality of all the dishes ! ! ! i dont't love broccoli but the way they cook it and the freshness of it i eat it up like its my favorite ! ! ! please support this family owned and run business , they deserve it because they offer great chinese food ! ! ! just be patient because they are family run it is not fast food ... great food made with tlc takes time but it is always worth it ! ! ! ! ! i am a customer that loves to support places with great food and this place is on the top of my list for chinese food ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i live on the other side of town , i have several friends who live within their delivery range , and have ordered from here three or 4 times now . i am not generally a fan of chinese food , but i can tell you that this is some of the best chinese food i 've ever had . so far , i 've had the chicken satay skewers , the pork egg rolls , the broccoli beef , the tangerine beef , the cashew chicken , the orange chicken , and the pork fried rice , everything has been great , though the tangerine beef is really chewy . their website is listed wrong on here . it should be www.longjinchinesecuisine.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hate how you smell or feel dirty when going to an authentic chinese restaurant on spring mountain ? well the solution is this place . it is a small chinese joint on the corner of spring mountain and rainbow that provides a very clean and friendly experience . the only part that is lacking is the obviously one of the most important , the food . it 's not horrible but it is defiantly not the best . food quality almost seems like a midway point between your local rice noodle to-go shop and an authentic chinese restaurant . in other words , the food just is n't that good . however very clean and convenient and i 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was our first meal from long jin and i was impressed ! lemon chicken , curry chicken , shrimp fired rice and the shrimp firecrackers . we phoned in the order and picked it up- it was ready in 20 . everything was freshly prepared and tasted amazing . it was a bit more expensive than i was planning for- about $ 45 total . it was worth it- definitely eating there again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is quiet and peaceful . everyone was very nice and i loved the family feel . i do n't know how many places i 've been to that seem irritated with us for bringing or son , who is only 18 months old . she loved him and i appreciate that more than anything . the food was delicious and you get plenty of it . the only thing i did n't like was the ice tea . not because it was bad , just was n't for me . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , it 's probably too soon to write a rave review about this place but we just ordered from here this weekend and it was really good . best mongolian beef i 've had outside of pf changs . just the right amount of spicy , scallions , onions and really , really tasty . fried rice is pretty good , although i do n't understand why they ( chinese restaurants ) all insist on using frozen peas and carrots . they just are n't good people ! other good items included roasted duck , house lo mein , salt & pepper calamari ( probably better right out of the fryer ) and ... the coups de gras ... nutella & banana dessert eggrolls ? yep , you just read that right . and they were more delicious than you could every imagine ! definitely be ordering again . it was a little pricey and delivery took a lot longer than she estimated , and won ton soup was mediocre ... so thus the four not five star review .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a place that 's supposed to be your typical local neighborhood chinese restaurant , i was highly impressed . the restaurant 's interior design is pleasant , with television . i came during lunch , and they have to have one of the most outstanding lunch specials i 've seen for a chinese restaurant . depending on what you get , i got the vegetable lunch special . it came with an eggroll , your choice of soup , choice of white or fried rice , and the entree itself was filling ! the only thing i did n't like were the vegetables soaked in grease . service was on point , i felt like the guy was at my table whenever i was done with a plate or if i looked like i wanted a question . felt like i was the most important woman in there ! great experience , if you 're looking for a local chinese restaurant that 's a little more upscale in looks and service , give this place a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good chinese food . singapore fried noodle was exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a good place to get hot fresh & decent chinese food", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't forget to ask for $ 5 menu before 3 pm . the food is healthy with e spring water from amway . no msg . family owned chinese . have to try the shrimp dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate there with my family it is very family oriented and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming . the food was delicious , would definitely recommend earing here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we drive from henderson to eat at this chinese restaurant ; it 's that good . love their fried rice & appetizers the best of any other place we have sampled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not what you would expect from a strip mall restaurant ! we had five different dishes and all were wonderful . the ma-por tofu was to die for . they claimed that the tofu was actually house made . incredible . kung pao had great flavor unlike some of the out of a can kung pao sauce that many places use . house made ! it was extremely clean and the staff was very , very attentive . i will return on my next trip to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place that has that signature msg taste this is not your place ! ! ! all the food is obviously fresh and cooked to order . 5 stars for this place because you will spend just as much at panda express but get food that 's like 1 10th the quality . good stuff . ohh yeah not to mention.. free hot oolong tea ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this type of hole in the wall chinese food spot . at first i was skeptic because of the location which is hidden in a strip mall but the food and service spoke for itself . we ordered the pecking duck and the spicy egg plant . the pecking duck took a few min to prepare so the waitress offered us a bowl of hot and sour soup while we wait . the duck was prepared table side with the crispy skin served with the steamed buns , green onion , and hoisen sauce . imagine crispy duck skin on top of a pillowy soft steam bun mmmmmmm duck skin sooo good . overall this little place was comforting and the food and service exceeded my expectations . i would love to come back and try their other dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly not impressed..firecracker shrimp good but spring rolls a lil soggy . had the combo meat entree & it would have been pretty good except the steak & chicken strips were not from quality meat - which is the main thing i look for in any restaurant but esp chinese ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all you can eat sushi -- need i say more ? not the best quality in the world , but when you 're looking to stuff yourself until you ca n't any more with fish and rice for $ 23 buckeroonies , this place is where it 's at . the all you can eat menu features appetizers ( chicken skewers , miso soup , sweet potatoes , side salads , etc . ) , sushi , and dessert . i 'll be back fo show .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely the best chinese food ! the honey walnut shrimp is delicious ! the egg foo young with shrimp is great ! ! the only place we go for great chinese : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered delivery last sunday night . it came in the time frame they gave us ( about 40 minutes ) . when we noticed the spring rolls were a popular favorite item , we added them on last minute . they were terrible ! ! the chow fun with beef was okay . the pork fried rice was probably the best thing out of our order . the ma-por tofu was okay as well . being new to the area , i 'll be trying other places before returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just the worst food we ever had . salty dry old nasty rice . everything is oily and super salty . do n't waste your time here . you will be really disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ate here last week and it was n't anything to get excited about . lots of food as usual . nothing was very good . it was decent at best and needed salt . i know salt needed at chinese food ! yes ! ! i wo n't go back ! customer service was great", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just finished the best takeout ever and it deserves a rave . the sweet and pungent chicken was recommended and a very good choice . we ordered it slightly spicy , next time more spice but still a ton of flavor - not quite orange chicken not general 's either . a citrus sweet makes your mouth pucker a little yet spicy combo taste . the chicken is thinly sliced pieces in a portion enough for one very hungry teenage son or two meals for me . will get this again and maybe i 'll get more than a taste next time before it vanishes , got the shrimp fried rice too . big flavorful shrimp makes this a winner . the owner stressed everything is chopped and made up fresh for each order . 15 minutes is not a long wait anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped to pick up food for dinner one night . the lady at the front door was very friendly . we made our choices , the order did not take that long . we took home the lo mien , which had good flavor . i also got the tangerine beef . i liked this very much . the beef was crispy , tangy and sweet . my dh enjoyed the honey walnut shrimp . did not really care for the fried rice . too many green onions . that will not stop us from coming back . we enjoyed our meal . next time we will dine in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't comment on the food but just a warning here . they are listed on restaurant.com and when one arrives first notice is a large hand written sign ( appears worn and old ) that states they no longer accept restaurant , com . still current on r.c and when i called r.c they had no idea that long jin were not accepting the certificates . restaurant.com refunded the money but this did nothing for us having to miss dinner as this place was on the way to the show and timing left no wiggle room for researching a new venue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was very good ! ! ! we will for sure come back ... .the service was excellent and the place was cute !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the best chinese food in town ! ! i ordered their crispy tangerine beef , and it was soooo delicious ! ! ! it reminded me of a cchinese restaurant i use to fo to when i was a kid , im a very picky person when it comes to chinese food , and i have to say it was so good ! ! ! their lemon chicken in very good to ! ! ! as well as their orange chicken ! ! ! all of these dishes are a must try ! ! the service you get is a1 , and they are very friendly . i will definitely be coming back here again and again , and for sure refer other people to long jin ! ! your awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , across the board : service : five star ambience : excellent , clean , new , easy to enjoy company and food . walnut shrimp - perfect . dry fried string beans - very good , little salty but the rice helps mellow it out . friend said her egg fu young was best she 's ever had . will be back ? absolutely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to give a 5 star for the service . seem to me it is a family-owned restaurant as i only saw a female and a male there serving us . at the time we were there the restaurant was getting busier with more people coming in and ordering food . the female was attentive and super friendly . she even served us with free snack while we were waiting for our food . i am not saying it is a fancy snack but the effort was really appreciated . it was a small size of friend noodle with sweet and sour sauce . she checked on us a couple of times to make sure we had all we needed . the restaurant was busy at that time and they were able to manage with minimal staff and still being friendly and attentive . we ate there on friday . 9 14 12 around 7-8 pm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all let me say that we will never order from long jin again . they can actually have the food back if they want it ... it 's still sitting in our fridge because no one wants to eat it . the lo mein was greasy and under-seasoned . the pungent chicken was like jerky and there was little to no sauce . the chicken fried rice was ok . the chicken and mushrooms was mainly mushrooms ... very little chicken . lastly the beef and broccoli was n't bad . for the amount of money we spent ... over $ 75 total this was a huge bummer . we will never order again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very delicious ! nice atmosphere and very clean and new inside ... ..would recommend the calamari , wonton soup and chix fried rice ! ! yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super easy acces if you want to go to the lakeshore , great park , very clean , great views ! ! i visited the park as part of the waterfront trail and loved it , it even has some dinosaur statues so children can play . i think it is better to visit this part of the lakeshore in summer because you can swim in the beach next to it ( swimming is forbidden if you keep going west ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's a sad splash pad , and some dinosaurs that would have been awesome pre-jurassic park . i prefer hanging out on the beach with my wee one . but if you 're looking for a splash pad bead the delightful lulling music of the highway , this is for you !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a beautiful park with an awesome view of lake ontario . great place for a walk , bike ride or jog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "part of me would have loved to blade along the shore ; the other part was aghast at seeing a playground so close to a street as busy as the qew . my kids may be past the age where running into traffic is a concern , but it still made my skin crawl as a parent and a driver . there are better playgrounds for children nearby like high park with more to do , and a greater sense of escaping into nature . i do like that toronto is squeezing as many parks in as possible , and maintaining an attractive shoreline , but i think this park is better for older kids and adults who just want to walk or get some exercise along the shore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "toronto has a pretty unimpressive waterfront . this actual park for small children will be fine fun for a short visit . weekends can get too busy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wonderful dinner experience ! easily one of my favorite italian restaurant in town . came here for dinner one night with a good friend of mine and we took advantage of the 3 course dinner offered for restaurant week . our waiter was awesome ! we got a seat not to far from the window and got a small view of the bellagio fountains . we ordered 2 appetizers , 2 entrees to share , all were extremely tasty , but my favorite had to be the fish , crispy on the outside , tender and moist on the inside , seasoned well and definitely not overcooked . the desserts were amazing too . our waiter provided the best service , super attentive , anticipated our needs , refilled our drinks constantly , catered to us which is exactly what makes or breaks a meal . highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "emailed in advance and requested a table with a good view of the bellagio fountains . and they duly obliged . really good table and view . had the 6-course tasting menu with matching wines . some amazing food , especially the signature pasta dish with cheeks . only negative was the temperature . the air con was set to super cold and it was a bit much at times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply said ( weird for me ) this is the best pasta i 've ever had . tomatoes and basil . that 's it . order that . and wine . ok , and short ribs . the bread is fantastic . he 's a genius ! wow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing view . flawless service . scarpetta is one of those restaurants that will sweep you off your feet . the view that you get while dining here is just breathtaking . i could begin by talking about how delicious their appetizers and main courses are but i would rather talk about their desserts . omg . their desserts are to die for . their strawberry souffle is out of this world . it was light and fluffy as souffles should be but not too sweet . melts in your mouth the second it touches your tongue . light and slightly sweet ... thinking about brings me joy . the vanilla ice cream adds to how amazing devouring this warm delicious souffle was . we also had the coconut panacotta with guava ... silky smooth and just so so good ! ! the amaedi chocolate cake is what every chocolate lover craves when they think of dessert . warm melted chocolate in every bite with ice cream on the side - please prepare yourself and do not over eat during dinner . you do not want to skip dessert ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was lucky enough to spend a semester studying abroad in rome and sicily , it was easily the greatest experience of my life . ever since i have been on never ending search to find an italian restaurant that can match the authentic flavors that italy is famous for ... . the search is over , scarpetta is that restaurant . squid ink pasta is a staple of italian cuisine , yet it 's almost impossible to find on a menu in the states . scarpetta does it justice . the `` black fettuccine '' is cooked to perfection and topped with king crab , squid , shrimp , and lobster corral breadcrumbs ... ho l'acquolina in bocca . scarpetta also has the best italian dessert i have tasted in years . the bomboloni is heavenly . they are nutella filled donuts lightly fried and served with banana gelato . they conjure up memories of sitting on the banks of the tevere river eating bomboloni and people watching in the italian sun . la vita \u00e8 breve , festeggiare con gli amici , l'amore come non c'\u00e8 domani .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food . we stayed at the cosmo and the concierge was kind to make reservations for us . we had a great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love scarpetta : ) the spaghetti there is delicious . i ran into scott conant at the south beach food & wine festival and he insisted i try out his restaurant . i 'm glad i did . when i lived in miami i frequented the scarpetta in the fontainebleau . the bars in the miami scarpetta v the vegas scarpetta are very similar . i like the layout of the vegas scarpetta better but the views of the two restaurants are the same . miami overlooks the fontainebleau pool area and water and vegas overlooks the bellagio fountains . the most recent visit to the vegas scarpetta was my favorite . one of the specials that night was a black truffle pasta . amazing . it was so delicious and filling , total comfort food . granted it was a $ 60 ( small , probably nutrionally not good for my figure ) bowl of pasta but worth every penny ( and bite ) . of course service was spot on and the house riesling was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great pre-christmas dinner started with : tuna susci : caviar , granny smith apple and tuffle crema ( just ok ) lardo wrapped prawns with chili oil and rosemary lentils ( great ) moved onto : capellini with ricci di mare ( uni ) , dungeness crab & tobiko pici pasta with lobster , tarragon , almond & chili pesto tagliatelle with vegetables , true zabaglione & guancial all of which were so delicious capped off with : three kinds of cheese served with seasonal compote , spiced nuts & honey comb shared a bottle of rose a wonderful , wonderful night p.s . our server was amazing . his name is titus . you ca n't beat a name like that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was actually really excited about this place , but to much avail , this place is mediocre at best . i really think this place is over-hyped . the food here is marginal and the prices exorbitant than its actually worth . i got the duck and foie gras ravioli , which was ok but not quite flavorful . after trying cucina enoteca in irvine , ca , i always have to compare every italian place to it and scarpetta can not compete . cucina enoteca is always a good half price cheaper ! i also am not a fan of their service . my wine was forgotten and only came at the tail end of my dinner . for $ 18 a glass , this is unacceptable . i know waiters work long hours but it seem like everyone was crabby who worked there . i 'll have to say though , the window view is pretty good as it faces the fountain of the bellagio .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for their happy hour only . we arrived on a weekday around 6pm and the bar was pretty crowded but we were able to find a spot at the bar . all the cocktails and small plates they offer at happy hour were only $ 7 , which was a steal . the shortrib agnolotti was absolutely delicious . based on this dish i really want to come in for dinner some time soon . perfectly seasoned and the texture was heavenly . the cocktails were great , too . strong l , but not too strong and really great flavors . the bartender was really personable and we ended up having a really great happy hour . i 'll be back soon for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an incredibly romantic restaurant . with the bellagio fountain in the background , the dim lights , the candles , the wine flowing ... it 's the perfect setting to fall in love . the service was spot on . attentive and helpful . the sommerlier helped me pick out a unique bottle of italian red to compliment the meal . we started with the oysters . ( because romance was blooming ) . and shared the duck and foie gras ravioli and the lamb trio . the ravioli was amazing . rich and delicious as anything with foie gras should be . the lamb trio is the reason i knocked off a star . although the dish overall was good , one of the lamb preparations was dry and tough . the plate of complimentary italian cookies at the end was a wonderful touch . scarpetta will always be meaningful and i plan to be back with my love .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scarpetta is just one of those restaurants in vegas that you must check out . the atmosphere is quite different than the usual vegas type ( loud and filled with buzz ) restaurants . its romantic , intimate and just has a classy atmosphere . it was relaxing to have wonderful , kind servers there to help you choose a cocktail or a good mix of entrees . we went to celebrate a friends birthday , and let me tell you we have never eaten better . we ordered a few appetizers , entrees and were too full for dessert . i remember the veal entree being my favorite dish of the evening . everything was on point from the presentations to flavors . i would say that the wine list was excellent but some of their cocktails are an acquired taste . the server was gracious enough to replace one of the drinks when asked . i cant wait to eat here again . a favorite for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "atmosphere : so hip . great lighting . dishes : -oysters ( appetizer ) : classic . good . perfect start . -braised short ribs of beef ( appetizer ) : yumbers . the meat is so tender . risotto was perfectly cooked and tasty , and i do n't usually like risotto . -halibut ( entree ) : cooked to perfection . asparagus , mushrooms , and potatoes were salted well . yum -nutella & vanilla bomboloni ( dessert ) : basically nutella filled donut holes coated in sugar , with a side of banana gelato . so good , will try to recreate this at home . drinks : -billionaire : absinthe , need i say more -berry smash ( or something like that ) : if you do n't like acid-y drinks , this is for you . tldr : every time i go back to vegas , i 'll always have a dinner here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here on a friday night in vegas . i 've seen scott conant on chopped a hundred times and he always comes across as a little too full of himself , claiming to be the master of pasta . with this in mind i was actually looking forward to criticizing his restaurant , but i just ca n't . i ordered the creamy polenta appetizer and shared it with the table . it was amazing , with the truffled mushrooms blending perfectly with the polenta whose `` creamy '' descriptor in the menu is both descriptive and right on . i then ordered the duck and foie gras ravioli . i thought it would be too rich , but the portion was just right and somehow , despite it being duck with foie gras , was not too rich . the pasta was cooked perfectly ... damn you conant . for dessert we had the bombolini and the strawberry souffle , both were great , with the bombolini being the favorite for the table . the dinner was absolutely lovely and everything was very flavorful , in perfect portions and made just right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best view on the strip for a romantic dinner facing the bellagio 's water show . the only minor detail that could have made it much better was the structural beam that went right across us at eye level . apparently the space was originally designed to be the kitchen and not the main dining room . anyway , the food , the meal , the experience . we did the tasting menu which was amazing & expensive but amazing ! to wrap it up in a nutshell we enjoyed duck , fish , scallop , shoe string calamari & zucchini , polenta with a mushroom broth , tomato basil spaghetti ( famous on foodtv ) , & decadent warm chocolate cake and delightful peach soupy thing for dessert . yes ! all of that in one meal . i almost needed a wheelchair just to get out of there . our server was so attentive and the wines that were paired with each dish was just perfect . heaven . enough said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful ambiance , impeccable service , picture perfect views but underwhelming dishes . was expecting palatable flavors of love , however we were n't thoroughly impressed . they have all the right ingredients , for one exceptional restaurant , maybe the kitchen was off on this particular evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was my first time actually being treated out to such a fancy restaurant , and it was absolutely amazing ! we had our own private room with a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains which made our meal extra special . the ambiance was very romantic and dimly lit . i recall having more than one server , but titus was very personable , he was great . i ordered their creamy polenta and spaghetti based on reviews and they did not disappoint ! their short rib agnolotti was fantastic as well . we also ordered a variety of desserts , and the winter parfait was our favorite out of everything . i felt that the food portions were just right . the food was really expensive , but that is the price you pay for for the fine dining experience and being on the strip cosmopolitan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a nice dinner after watching o. i really liked both the food and ambience at scarpetta . since it was after the show , we walked in without a reservation and were able to get seated by the window . we shared the duck & foie ravioli and the black tagliolini with a side of mushrooms . i liked all 3 dishes - even though you ca n't really taste the foie in the ravioli . the waiter told me they normally have a seared foie in the fall , but this year it was n't here yet in october = ( sad times . the mushrooms were really good ! and i liked the black taliolini a little more than the ravioli . overall , a great experience at a fairly reasonable price for vegas standards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant . rounding my 4.5 stars up to 5 . sexy ambiance . lovely , low lighting and a fabulous view of the bellagio fountains and the strip . absolutely beautiful service . our server and every runner and busser were friendly and classy . attentive but completely unobtrusive . perfect . the delicious meal started with their bread basket . all of the breads and accompaniments ( mascarpone butter , citrus olive oil and caponata ) were great , especially the stromboli . that was certainly a nice surprise ! we started with the yellowtail which was well-seasoned . i loved the little crystals of flavored salt . my guy had the stracci , a wide , flat pasta served with seafood . very delicious and simple . i had the foie and duck ravioli which was pretty amazing . both dishes were very light on sauce , which i enjoyed . the desserts were very good as well . man-friend had the chocolate cake with almond gelato . very tasty . my mocha cheesecake was absolutely delicious . great restaurant for a sexy date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "uhhhh mazzzzingggg ! ! ! is it bad to say that the bread basket excites me so much ? everything was delicious ! the veal and the duck were to die for but the presentation was really great to top it off ... did i mention the bread basket ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dear god . perfection . not a misstep in a two-hour dinner . bread basket . polenta . mushrooms . pini ( i think that 's what it was called ? crazy pasta with lobster and chili pesto ) cod . the service was smooth and personable without being phony . the view of bellagio was phenomenal . scott conant , you are my hero .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the scarpetta brand is renowned for exceptional food and service . the nyc meatpacking location is one of my faves , so i was very excited to try the vegas one . how silly of me to forget that everything is better in vegas . here we go ... i had the most delicious pasta course i 've ever had in my entire life . it was short rib ravioli with a balsamic reduction . i try , try ! not eat bread except when i 'm at a restaurant like scarpetta . then i will destroy the bread basket and order a refill . i 'm gross but if i finally get carbs , i 'm going hog wild . oink . onto the entrees and wine . pete had the osso buco and thought it was good . i had the branzino . i do n't remember the sides , not to say they were forgettable , we were just so obsessed with the ravioli appetizer . the wine was great , as was the service . expensive af and make sure you make a reservation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a solid italian restaurant with exceptional service . my fianc\u00e9 and i sat along the window and had an amazing view of the bellagio fountains and the strip . our waiter was highly attentive and very friendly . our glasses never went empty , as there was always someone rounding the tables to refill our drinks . my fianc\u00e9 had the spaghetti and i had the pici . both were very flavorful and the portions were just right . overall a great experience . i definitely recommend this place for romantic dates !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came for social hour , which was a good way to try the place at a great price . social hour is $ 7 for small bites and select drinks from 5:30-7:00pm on weekdays . service was friendly and great . however , the bar does not get a view of the bellagio fountains . highly recommend the il limone cocktail and the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti . we would go back there just for the agnolotti . the duck and foie ravioli , while well made , felt like a let down compared to the agnolotti . the foie , rather than adding buttery richness to the ravioli , accentuated the gamey-ness and tasted more like regular liver . we also got the arancini and the fritto misto . the arancini was pretty standard . the fritto misto comes out as a pile of thinly sliced fried vegetables on some small bits of assorted fried seafood . there was a tiny subtle pleasant kick to the fritto misto that also added to the uniqueness of the dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ridiculously pricey for what it is . the menu is small and simple , so every dish feels somewhat unjustified . we tried the spaghetti , which was super plain - literally just noodles , a light tomato sauce , and some basil . granted , it was well-made , as the noodles were cooked perfectly al dente . but seriously ... i do n't think anyone should have to pay close to $ 20 for a mere plate of noodles , especially one that does n't even have protein . we also tried a short rib dish in an attempt to get in some protein , but the portion size was laughable and the short ribs were n't even that good . i 've had much better short ribs at other new american restaurants before . had we not been staying at the cosmo , i definitely would have gone elsewhere for my italian fix instead , considering how expensive and just whatevers this place is . do yourself a favor and skip it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my number one , oh wow , surprisingly fantastic meal of my most recent vegas trip . i say suprisingly because we came here on a whim after the group decided we wanted italian for dinner . based on the yelp reviews , and the fact that they are in the posh cosmo , we were able to make a last minute reservations . the uber contemporary interior was very inviting while giving some great views of the strip and the bellagio fountains . the star of this dinner was by far the spaghetti . the absolute best cooked pasta i have ever had . the best . house made pasta cooked to a perfect al dente . it actually had that slight `` crunch '' a perfect pasta should have , but raaaaarely does . all the other pastas were fantastic as well . scarpetta is a perfect combination of style and execution . i would say a must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dinner reservations at 9:30pm on sunday . food was decent but nothing wow . service was a little off and made the experience a little sour . ordered mediterranean octopus , duck and foie gras ravioli , black tagliolini , spaghetti , fennel dusted black cod , broccoli rabe , and strawberry souffl\u00e9 . the stand outs were the octopus and ravioli . everything else fell flat . our spaghetti came out crunchy ; well under done . sent it back to get it cooked a little longer and it still came out not cooked through . i question if the pasta is made in house . the souffl\u00e9 was undercooked as well . they sent a plate of bite sized desserts to make up for it but i was over it by that point . took forever and a day to close the bill . a little weird when the restaurant was empty but , whatever . a plus was the view of the bellagio fountain and plate presentation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "better the second time , basic service - very slow , and not happy , but got the job done . - complimentary bread - pretty good free bread . the best part was the eggplant tapenade and side of butter . - beet goat cheese - super cream goat cheese and perfect roasted beets . incredible . - avocado and tuna sashimi - most fibrous and mushy , low quality flavorless tuna . - uni pasta - sweet and salty , chewy and delicious - brussels - halved roasted brussels , too mushy tasted overcooked . had better at cut and andreas - mushrooms - yum - shortrib agnolotti - im not a pine nut person and could really taste the nuts and not so much of the beef . meh just ok to me . - pici - thick spaghetti with lobster , spicy , pretty good . my second favorite , would not get again . - chocolate cake 2.5 stars - sub par mediocre chocolate cake - marscapone cheesecake 3 stars - very standard circular shaped cheesecake with fruit mixed in it hink , i prefer cheesecake factory .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a fabulous meal at scarpetta last night ! we split the heirloom beet buratta salad and creamy polenta with mushroom appetizers . both were amazing but the polenta was the best i 'd ever had . the bread basket was also unbelievable . for entrees , we each had the spaghetti , which was simple yet somehow unbelievably tasty . we also shared the filet , which was perfectly seasoned and prepared . lastly , we had the banana souffle which was out of this world . in all , the food was among the best italian dinners that i 've had . why 4 stars ? the wine menu , while long , has no affordable choices . we struggled to find a bottle of red under $ 100 , which i think is ridiculous when there are so many amazing affordable wines at cheaper price points .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i just ate here tonight after reading the reviews on yelp . we requested a window table based on other reviews and glad we did as the view of the bellagio water show was nice to see at night . the atmosphere is good , nothing amazing . the pasta and sauce dish was very good but beware , portions are very small . we did n't have great service either . our waiter never came over to us once our meals arrived and never came over to us during our meal to check to see how we were doing and still did n't come over until 15 minutes after we were done . cocktails were ok nothing great . this was our last night in vegas and wish we tried one of the italian restaurants over at the venetian instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "recently dined at scarpetta during a work trip to vegas and loved every minute ! first of all , the cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel ; arguably the nicest the vegas . it 's so chic and luxe , you ca n't help but feel sophisticated while there . scarpetta itself is also very , very nice . my co-worker and i were seated by the window with an amazing view of the bellagio water show . fabulous ! but more importantly , the food was delicious ! everything from the cocktails to the bread basket was wonderful . we ordered the berry smash cocktails ( perfect and not too sweet ! ) , scallops , heirloom tomato salad , spaghetti ( simple yet amazing ) , short rib ravioli and the best dessert on the planet , the cinnamon sugar donuts with warm nutella in the middle and caramelized bananas on the side ( are they for real ? ! ? ) . bottom line , if you 're in town you must go to scarpetta . you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "file under : a must if you are looking for amazing italian in the center of the strip with a view -spaghetti simple yet spectacular with hand made noodles -polenta w truffles n mushrooms creamy and delicious order this ! -farmers market salad fresh crisp organic thinly sliced deliciousness -fillet of beef was like butta ! -top notch drinks with cool corridor bar as you enter -friendly staff do it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i are avid chopped fans and scott conant is our favorite judge so it was only right to come here to celebrate my boyfriend 's birthday : ) to start off the meal they brought out some bread with different dipping sauces spreads ... before even ordering we scarfed down the whole basket . it was seriously the best bread ever . even after we finished our entire meal we wanted more ! we ordered the braised short ribs of beef with vegetable and farro risotto as an appetizer and for our entrees we ordered the spaghetti and short rib agnolotti . the spaghetti was fresh and the sauce had a good basil kick to it . but our favorite of the night had to be the short rib agnolotti ! the horseradish sauce was amazing and worked so perfectly with the agnolotti -- it was like eating juicy prime rib in the form of pasta !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word : spaghetti . no , four words : tomato and basil spaghetti . man , the spaghetti was out of this world . never have i eaten spaghetti as good as scarpetta 's . sure , it was just a simple dish but based on the flavor , the texture , and it 's overall simplicity , it just exponentially made it better than any pasta dishes that i 've ever had . and i 'm definitely not exaggerating . but then again , i 've never been to italy . seriously though , if you come here , at least get this dish . you will not regret it . i promise . oh , and the bread basket is excellent as well . fight your friends and grab the piece of bread with the cured meats on it ... it 's fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta is delicious ! great food and good , friendly service . i ordered their ubiquitous spaghetti , but i also got to try their daily special , pasta cooked with peaches and lobster , and their duck ravioli with foie gras . all dishes were excellent , but my favorite was the spaghetti with basil -- simple and just different enough to distinguish itself as the best spaghetti i 've had . the pasta and lobster special was light but the duck ravioili tasted rich , probably better shared , imo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved eating here . we had another birthday dinner here so we got a table that was overlooking the bellagio water fountain show . we were being a pain to the waiter because we were all undecided by the wines there , but he was patient and i enjoyed their riesling selection . they have lots of duck dishes which is not what you 'd expect out of an italian place , but everything is very delicious . if this is your first time , try out the spaghetti . sounds plain , but it is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were majorly craving some good italian food and decided to try this place , per the great reviews on yelp . we got a bunch of different dishes and shared everything . the best thing on their menu was their spaghetti . while their portions are tiny , they are rich in flavor.the spaghetti did not have an overwhelming tomato paste ( which most other places have ) , it was very creamy , fresh and just overall very good ! i got their filet as my main entree . the steak was cooked to my liking and just melted in my mouth ! the ambiance of the restaurant is very romantic.we had a great table right near the window where we could see the bellagio fountains and the whole strip was right underneath us . the wait staff were great , my drink was refilled instantly , did n't even have to ask ! i will be back here soon for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a new vegas restaurant that 's not ready for the big time yet . i find owners and management of restaurants that originate in nyc tend to run their restaurants the same way here in vegas and in general the wrong way here on the west coast . management is rude and thus rubs off on their employees . service is slow and we found ourselves asking for everything water , drinks , desert menu etc ... .small portions and ridiculously high prices . food was luke warm and unseasoned . chocolate cake for desert was good . this place has a long way to go . stay away and eat at one of the other 100 great restaurants vegas has to offer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . i had : polenta with mushrooms spaghetti with basil braised lentils gingerbread pear crisp and choc cake polenta with mushrooms -- - must get . 5 stars . truly outstanding . spaghetti with basil -- - lots of hype . yes , it is good . $ 24 good ? not sure . pasta is fresh and flavorful , but this is still not a wow dish for me as other yelpers seem to classify this . braised lentils -- - boring dish , nothing special or unique here , made me annoyed with myself that i ordered this given my gut told me it would n't be that great . gingerbread pear crisp and choc cake -- - both good , but nothing special , creative , or unique here . standard dessert fare for a nicer restaurant . did not live up to the hype . look it 's good . but $ 75 a person for 3 courses good ? nope .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "scarpetta is one of the best spots to visit here in vegas . i 've been here a few times already and always had an outstanding experience . the view from the restaurant is terrific . when making reservation ask for the table at the window so you can enjoy bellagio fountain show . our night started with creamy polenta , burrata and a complimentary basket of bread . as an entree we decided to go with black tagliolini and branzino . it was so delicious that my friend said : `` if i was allergic to one of the ingredients of this dish i would commit a suicide '' . can you imagine how great the food was ... yum ! do n't forget to leave some space for dessert . their chocolate cake and coconut panna cotta are simply delicious . scarpetta is a must try . see you very soon : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was very attentive , the food was out of this world and do n't get me started on the desserts . they had this amazing caramel pudding , yes pudding , that i could not stop eating ! the sommelier was pretentious but funny . he has great recommendations once he was past the fact that , yes , we can afford what we just ordered . i love how once the appetizers were served , they split them among everyone at the table so it was easier to share . it really was a beautiful restaurant , romantic ambiance and fantastic food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long awaited dining experience ! ! scenic view . impeccable service . arrived and seated in a timely manner . the entire staff was overly accommodating and the atmosphere was both ambient without being too romantic of a setting for two . made it easy by handing over $ 300 and having the server pick out our entire six course meal . we are industry , so i am sure we we taken care of beyond that . yellowtail sashimi risotto spighetti a delicious creamy truffle soup dish halibut and lastly and meat steak dish which i was too stuffed to finish . topped the mean off with chocolate souffl\u00e9 and and parfait sorbet desserts . oh and i had a glass of cabernet chosen my our server and `` if you see kay '' wonderful experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good ... portions are medium to small . i went with 5 other girls and we had an amazing time . service was good , better than average ... not great . one of my friends had a meal that was undercooked but they were gracious and took it back . we really liked the view of the bellagio fountains but not every table has a great view . its worth a try , but i wo n't be a regular here and it probably wo n't be a place that i suggest to go to . the food is decent and good , but i 've been so many other great restaurants with excellent food at a lower price point . overall , good food but overpriced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm torn here between 4 5 stars because of the price is high for an italian restaurant but i have to give it 5 . first off the complimentary bread is served with mascarpone butter ( omg nice touch ) . excellent tomato basil spaghetti ... the best i 've ever had . fresh oysters , tender duck , awesome view from our booth . the clincher was the service though . our server took great care of us and gave us perfect wine pairings . thumbs up mr. conant ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most expensive spaghetti i 've ever eaten . but the best i 've ever eaten . do n't be fooled by the baseball-sized portion . it fills you up ( must be the carbs..mmm.. ) . handmade noodles cooked perfectly al dente and the clean and fresh sauce.. their polenta is delicious as well.. and pretty much all their bread with their little accompaniments . it 's carb heaven . but heard the duck ravioli sucked . just saying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta is at the newly opened cosmopolitan hotel in las vegas and we dropped by on a whim and are glad we did . this turned out to be a sensational dining experience . every single morsel of food that passed our lips was a taste sensation . we started out with the seared sea scallops , the chestnut soup and the beet salad . each was out of this world delicious ! our entrees consisted of the black cod which was buttery and perfect , the sicilian spiced duck breast which was tender and tasty and the duck and foie gras ravioli which was creamy and sensational . we ended our dinner with two desserts and i would highly recommend the coconut panna cotta guava soup with carmelized pineapple . double-yum ! service was outstanding and although we did not have have a table with a view overlooking the las vegas strip , we enjoyed our comfortable booth with room enough on the table for all the dishes we ordered . i would definitely want to return to this restaurant again and would highly recommend it to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a place to celebrate my wife and i 's 1 year wedding anniversary and found this place through yelp . we thought it would be a good try because it 's really hard to get a good reservation . we ended up getting fit for a late dinner at 930pm . nice romantic place that 's dimly lit and if you 're lucky you can get a seat next to the window which shows overlooks the bellagio water show . service was excellent and the waiter gave us some good recommendations . the waiter was so great that he even replaced my wife 's drink that she did n't like . we ended up getting the pici , duck and started with the truffled mushrooms . all the dishes were great and very tasty . portion was just right where we got full enough to not get a food coma . one thing that would 've given them the 5th star though would 've been if they did something nice for our anniversary like a small cake , etc . no biggie though . definitely recommend coming here for couples ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "celebrating in lv is unlike celebrating anywhere else . not only are you in the cosmo which is beautiful to begin with , but at scarpetta you 're in heaven . my group and i were so hungry that we headed straight for the entrees . i had the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti . it was so delicious . the brown butter sauce was perfectly nutty . the pasta cooked by a seasoned pro no doubt . and that yumminess from the bone marrow - orgasmic . i know it sounds brash to put it like that , but this is the experience you 're likely to have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars goes to the truffled mushroom with polenta 3 stars goes to the basil spaghetti 4 stars goes to the ambience 4 stars goes to the service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to trying out this upscale italian restaurant , but unfortunately i was disappointed with my meal . my group and i had read reviews prior and wanted to try the duck and foie gras ravioli after seeing so many pictures and positive opinions . since 4 out of 5 of us ordered the ravioli , i assumed they cooked it in a big batch and maybe missed the seasoning step because each person though it tasted so bland . thankfully our server took each dish off our bill , because nobody ate more than a few bites . i did get to try the spaghetti and that was really good . i 'm kicking myself for not getting something different , but maybe i 'll give this place another chance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was ridiculous ! came during my stay in vegas for infocomm with some law firm associates . all from nyc , so we were on the hunt for a good italian place in vegas , and we found it ! great bread basket . great apps . great entrees . great wines . great desserts . great ambiance . great lighting . great views . loved it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "handsome and i are celebrating our annual vegas trip this weekend and this review is a year overdue ! ! we stayed at the cosmopolitan and we really wanted to eat at scarpetta . we love chopped and scott conant is one of our favorites . his restaurant is located on the third level of the cosmo . we walked in and we had a reservation so we were seated promptly right by the window and we could see the bellagio fountain . it was so romantic . we ordered wine ( i do n't remember which one ) but it was amazing . for our starter we got the yellowtail and the duck and foie gras ravioli . both were spectacular . for dinner handsome ordered the veal three ways and i ordered the pan roasted halibut . handsome loved his veal and my halibut melted in my mouth . for dessert we orders the rhubarb souffl\u00e9 and i think that was handsome 's favorite part . it was so light and fluffy with such a delicious flavor . our whole experience at scarpetta was amazing from start to finish . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends were headed to bacchanal for dinner and ... i 'm not really a buffet guy , so i walked over to cosmo and ate here ... at the bar . i 'd heard so much about that damn spaghetti dish that ... i was excited to try it . awesome bread basket . it came with an eggplant thing ( very descriptive , i know ) that was f'ing delicious . the spaghetti was good , but not `` best thing i ever ate '' good . hell ... i make better spaghetti at home . the noodles were a bit too thick for my taste ( and undercooked ) . sauce was decent . would i go back ? yeah , though i 'd probably try something else from the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a fan of pasta there is no place better than here . everything was spot on and high end . a little tip , if you 're going to reserve a booth make sure it 's facing the bellagio lake . everything we tried was really good , but the simple taste of that pasta and sauce is what 's going to keep me coming back . perfect ! there are so many places in vegas to choose from , but the pasta here is definitely the best ! manja !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love this place ! i have to write another review and tell everybody how great it is ! we came here to celebrate two birthdays the other day and the service , like last time , was awesome . everybody thoroughly enjoyed their food and had zero complaints ! we had a party of 8 and there were a few picky eaters amongst us and seriously everybody loved their food ! i ordered the scallop with foie gras for an appetizer , lamb for the main course , and this guava soup thing with pineapples for dessert . scallops were amazing and probably my favorite part of the whole meal . the lamb was different than the last time i had it but still good . the guava soup ( per our waiter 's suggestion ) was light and refreshing ... so good . i whole heartedly recommend this place to everybody who wants to have a great meal and a great dining experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great price point if you 're looking for something fancy that wo n't break the wallet . plus , it 's in the beautiful cosmopolitan , with all its glitz and glamour : ) the restaurant itself is on the top floor with all the other eateries , including stk , jaleo , secret pizza , etc . as for the food , we had mixed reviews at our table . i had the duck and foie gras ravioli which was a nice light dish . had a hint of sourness that i 'm assuming was from the marsala reduction ? i actually enjoyed my friend 's short rib agnolotti much better . it had great flavors , the pasta was perfect , where the entire meal would have a nice texture to it and then suddenly melt into short rib goodness . the tagliatelle was ok , not a particular favorite . overall , the ambiance was excellent . a bit on the dimmer side with their vintage lights . they had many private booths , creating an intimate setting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant , located in the cosmopolitan hotel & casino is probably one of the nicest restaurants on the vegas strip . it is quiet , fancy , and the wait staff is very professional . it is , a bit pricey , however . i think spaghetti with marinara sauce is something like $ 25 . it is , however , probably the best spaghetti you 'll eat ! i had the broccoli rob ( $ 11 ) and the potatoes ( $ 11 ) and let me tell you ... they were absolutely delicious ! i ca n't describe the flavor because it was so perfect . while $ 22 for broccoli and potatoes seems a bit pricey , i think it was worth every penny . my mom had gluten free pasta in a marinara sauce and my dad had some sort of ravioli . they both said their meals were delicious as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum , yum , yum ! i really enjoyed this restaurant . the decor was very sleek and we were seated next to a window with a gorgeous view of the bellagio fountains . we started off with the orgasmic raw yellowtail as an appetizer . as an entree i had stracci which was pasta with lobster , crab , shrimp and basil breadcrumbs . it was very light yet flavorful . the ambiance was quiet and intimate , perfect for a romantic dinner and conversation . the service was not memorable not extremely attentive . it was just okay , but the view , ambiance , and food outweigh the lack of service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go in with high expectations . if you do end up here , try to go with their more classic dishes , as they do feature a lot of non-traditional pastas like foie gras ravioli . the intention is good but ours was off on the spices and a little disappointing . one perk though , was their gourmet bread basket with tasty dipping sauces .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ate dinner here with seven other friends a few weeks ago and the atmosphere is lovely , the service was bad . everyone we talked to before coming here said the spaghetti was awesome ! 2 friends got that and it was okay , noodles slightly too undercooked and i like it aldenti , and two people got a lobster tagalini and their stomachs were upset after , i got the roasted chicken and when i cut into the wing part it was bloody and i discreetly let the server know and he left the breast half with me and took back only the wing , he was gone for about 15 min , nowhere to be found , when he returned i explained that i was n't eating the breast part and he explained that is the way they cook it , with his hand in my face i had to back my chair up , that was rude and not true , my aunt got the same dish and hers was cooked through ... i would not return after this experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i chose this restaurant because i was looking for a place where 5 large business men ( my bro-in-law is here for a conference ) , my sister and i could all eat and be happy . i was a little worried because i 'm vegan and they are very big meat eaters and they are super fancy with a lot of money . this restaurant could not have been nicer ! we ended up doing the tasting menu for the table and they did a whole separate tasting for me ( without making a big deal out of it which i really appreciated ) . my food was so incredible and i did n't feel like an outcast . i ca n't tell you how grateful i am and was . this place has an incredible view of the bellagio fountain and all the food is outstanding . the service was wonderful , super accommodating and had a really mellow , positive and professional energy . i loved it and i will 100 % come back and recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an amazing nye dinner here . from start to finish it was nothing short of spectacular . had a beautiful view of the fountains and some of the best drinks during our staycation at the cosmopolitan . starting with their delicious bread basket the stromboli was fantastic . warm cheesy meaty deliciousness . for appetizers we had the polenta and short ribs . entrees were the branzino and aged sirloin . shared an order of their tomato basil spaghetti . the bombolini was our finisher . i would order everything again except for the branzino , my shrimp were overcooked and it was very one dimensional . however everything else was so delicious it did n't linger very long . it was pricey but well worth the experience . i can not wait to go back . i 'm salivating just thinking about it ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sexy italian restaurant with a french spin ( they had foie gras ) . beautiful indirect views of the bellagio fountains . delicious pasta . great wine list . what more could you want ? a must try especially if you 're staying at the cosmo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , pricey but apparently everything in vegas is headed that way , or so they try to have some class but the truckloads of white trash appear with their bud light . i guess its italian food , which is great but you end up paying a lot for it , and actually what 's really out of range is the wine prices , its like 15-20 $ a glass . its like jesus ! ! ! it does n't match the price or class or their food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i might have had too high of hopes . it would really be a 3 1 2 star rating . it took awhile to get a cocktail but i understood that we were a bigger party . the cheeses we got for an appetizer were really good . i ordered veal even though i know this is more a pasta place but we were getting the spaghetti to share . the veal was ok but did n't seem worth the cost . the spaghetti was tasty but i did n't understand the stellar reviews on it . the service got better and overall i enjoyed the dinner - but just seemed a bit overrated .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a great night out . there are several italian choices in lv and i 'm glad that we chose here . the bread and especially stromboli with eggplant was amazing , we asked for more . the polenta with truffle was wow ! we had the short rib and spaghetti main courses and i would do it again . the broccoli was a little too bitter for me . the wine menu is certainly one of the more inflated i have seen but we got a nice groth for a little higher than going rate . we could n't get last minute reservations but could get a nice private booth in the lounge which was perfect and probably better than the main dining area . i would come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made reservations for 6 people at 10:30pm through the yelp app . it went smoothly ! we ordered : pici : it was lobster and pesto pasta ( all pasta is made at the restaurant ) ribs : so goodddd . full of fat ! : ) halibut w arugala : delicious , perfectly made . beware , there was only one peice of arugala as an embellishment . and two other orders that i ca n't remember . but everything was delicious ! pros : the restaurant provides a view of the bellagio water show . huge wine selection . delicious food . cons : ca n't find one..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came to scarpetta for my birthday and it was a wonderful experience . if you 're cheap do n't bother with this place because you wo n't appreciate all of the ingredients and love put into the dishes . we had a view of the bellagio fountains and it was amazing ! i had a pasta dish with fresh veggies and this sauce that was delicious . the pasta was homemade , so it had a smooth buttery taste to it . overall great food and a great dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of those places that does n't know how to use expensive ingredients . food preparation was on tier with a tgifridays . the wait staff was a self proclaimed dbag who `` hung out at xs pool party and hit on fat chicks . '' the only reason to eat at this place is b c of the view of the bellagio fountains . it 's a tourist trap , not a culinary experience by any means . i 'd stay away ! they 're pretty douchy in here . manager , would n't move us to a table by the bellagio fountains b c we were n't dressed right , eventhough there were plenty of tables clearing out during the hour long wait for my first meal to be replaced . no comp , no free drinks , worst $ 120 spent in vegas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am eager to go back to this restaurant and be in `` heaven '' again . have you tried its duck and foie gras ravioli yet ? it is beyond delicious ! given ca has banned foie gras , it makes the las vegas location much more appealing than the beverly hills one ( although please comment on this post if you are certain that the beverly hills location still can serve the same dish ! ) . the restaurant is inside cosmopolitan hotel , so you can certainly dine your way to delish land and continue the party at marquees club . as a cherry on top , service at the las vegas scarpetta is amazing as well . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting vegas with a group of girls and wanted to eat at one of vegas 's top restaurants . searching through yelp , scarpetta seemed like a good choice . i knew it was more expensive but from the reviews i was assuming it was worth it . i definitely do not think it was . the food was good , but not worth the price tag . the pastas were the best part so if you do make it to scarpetta i would suggest sticking to one of the pastas . the total bill for the 6 of us was around $ 500 . we ordered a few drinks and a couple bottles of wine and though i do n't have anything about the food to complain about i just do n't think it was worth $ 500 . normally when i have a meal with that price point i am expecting some experimentation with foods or unique pairings . scarpetta did not try anything new . steaks , typical pastas , decent portions , but nothing new . there are so many choices for restaurants in vegas so i just ca n't recommend this one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is seriously one of my favorite restaurants in all of las vegas nevada you need to call and make a reservation ask for a seat by the window it is delicious i 'm talking about the food and the view you can watch the bellagio fountain shoot off from sitting inside your cozy swank seat and when you 're all done then go walk on over to the chandelier bar and get a cocktail or walk over to secret and get a beer and a slice of pizza ... .instead of dessert ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "foie gras ravioli- rich as hell and amazing every bite the tar tar was also wonderful and tasted like meat heaven in my mouth agnolotti had perfect texture , powerful taste and left me wanting more fettuccini- rich and crazy good . the lamb was done perfectly and everything meshed into a perfect bite . we had a couple bottles of wine . both good . both recommended and not very expensive . service was obviously good , we pretty much had a server assistant another waiter our waiter or the manager check on our table every 2 minutes . they did n't always say anything but i consistantly noticed them doing a glance over at us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely incredible . i had the tuna and avocado appetizer and it was perfect- the tuna had a ton of flavor , the avocado was fresh and had a hint of lime and salt . for the main dish i kept it simple and ordered the spaghetti ( something i never order in restaurants ) . the pasta was cooked al dente , the sauce was perfect and clung perfectly to the noodles , and the basil tasted like it was just picked . also , the view was absolutely amazing . we got a table right next to the window and overlooked our hotel ( the bellagio ) , the fountains , and part of the strip . the decor and atmosphere of the restaurant was also intimate and gorgeous . my friends and i did n't have to shout to hear each other . overall , amazing meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been wanting to try scarpetta for awhile now ! decided to come here for dinner w my gf on a wednesday night and it was not too busy . we shared everything and they split it all for us which was nice . the polenta with truffled mushrooms was amazing i could have done without sharing this dish ! the duck foie gras ravioli was rich and savory . the only dish was did not care for was the oratta which was a fish dish with a tomato based sauce . the fish was too fishy tasting for my liking and just overall lacked in flavor . the coconut panna cotta we got for dessert was delicious and i am still thinking about it ! definitely need to come back and try the spaghetti !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant . beautiful view of the bellagio fountains and they hold back the seats nearest the windows for couples , making for a romantic setting . the staff was professional and helpful , especially the manager . decent wine selection for individual glasses . i had the pici , a pasta with perfectly cooked lobster that was tasty . apps were good ; i had the scallops and my wife had an asparagus soup that was light and creamy . the highlight of the evening was the ricotta and truffle agnolitta ! the most perfect , light and tasty pasta ever made . if you eat nothing else in vegas ... try that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 amazing stars for the duck and foie gras ravioli . it made my eyes roll into the back of my head , it was so good . i also tried the spaghetti which was eh in my book . i mean , it was good . but ted allen told me it was worth $ 24 and he was lying . ( or paid off by scott conant , i 'm not sure which ... ) this place is dim ( low lighting ) and i ca n't remember much about the decor . hey , it 's vegas , i was on vacation and probably ( okay , obviously ) was pretty tipsy . it 's a perfect match for being inside the cosmopolitan . when i 'm back in las vegas , i 'm not sure that i 'll need to come back here , but the memory of the ravioli will last a lifetime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we decided to try a new restaurant in las vegas and i 'm glad i did . this place has it all..the food , service , view and add a good bottle of wine with great company now that 's the way to live . i ordered the west coast oysters which are fresh and so delicious and the black cod which is done to perfection . my friend had the spaghetti in which i tried and it was amazing . i 'm not a spaghetti fan so that tells you a lot . i also noticed that they have gluten free options on the menu that is rare in las vegas restaurants . i will definitely go back if the budget allows it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for an anniversary dinner . the service was great . requested a table with a window view of the belagio fountain . the food was amazing . the place itself was dark and pretty intimate , with top 40 music playing in the background . they had a book of available wines that was about 20 pages long , if you 're into that stuff . i stayed with my old reliable jack and coke . its a pretty pricey dinner . we had two entrees , two appetizers ( $ 23 scallops which were amazing ) , and a few drinks by the glass . all of which rang up to about $ 150 . definitely a place i would recommend be prepared for a pricey bill however .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the moment you walked into my life , everything felt so right . from the moment i looked into your eyes , i knew i had to make you mine ... at scarpetta ! - jason chen ( solo player original ) the service here is out of this world . everyone greets you so warmly , not just your own waiter . the view of the strip is spectacular as well . the different types of bread and dipping thingies that they give u complimentary to start the meal was pretty amazing . the duck and foie gras ravioli was really special , really filling ( in a good way ) and the taste of the filling was n't overpowered by the sauce reduction . no room for dessert unfortunately although the menu looks pretty simple . great meal and not at all expensive . if i lived in vegas , i 'd come back many times . try it ! food : 5 stars -- - service : 5 stars -- - atmosphere : 4.5 stars -- - price ( value ) : 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extreemly small portions ! ! expensive . not that good . dont come here if you are hungry bc you will have to eat 3 bread basketts to satisfy your hunger ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "modern decor , nice view looking over bellagio 'd fountain on the window side . service was great , food was good but not that high as i expected . daily special linguini was good but salty . if saltiness of this dish was perfect , it could be the best dish of the day . signature tomato home made spaghetti , fresh pasta was great but again the tomato sauce was heavy because of butter i guess . if you 're looking for authentic italian , this is not a place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i find it sad that some people have n't had a great experience at this restaurant . i found the service attentive and friendly , the space gorgeous , and the food exceptional . having said that , the food was n't without flaw - the frito was salty ( for me , that 's a rare complaint ) . the star of my evening was the spaghetti with tomato basil - it was cooked so perfectly and the flavor was nothing less than spectacular . i know , i know ... it is just spaghetti . but if you are a fan of pasta , just try it . you 'll see . our party also had scallops , a couple wagu ribeyes , chicken , lamb - all of it was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i been to the scarpetta in beverly hills , was a bit disappointed in the food there but decided to give this one a try . good choice ! i loved the venue , on the 3rd floor of the cosmo , mid dark light very elegant , though it is a bit more crowded due to the small space , but the bar area is very cute . we got 4 diff appetizers , beet salad , pork belly , scallops and beef i liked them all then 4 entrees : black cod , foie gras ravioli , diff meats ravioli and i forgot the last one ! but again it was delicious , the black cod melts in your mouth ! different we got an apple pie sort with ice cream and raspberries . def coming out here again next time invegas . cosmo is just beautiful and elegant hotel very modern , but trying stk next time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you are in las vegas you have more choices for great food than anywhere else in the u.s. sorry new york but let 's be honest some food there sucks . this place is a for sure try . the caesar salad is fantastic ... . the bread you get before your meal comes with 3 dipping sauces and is a nice touch . a wide variety of gourmet dished with the chicken being my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived at our reservation on time and were seated promptly . the restaurant has nice views of the bellagio fountains . the meal started with their freshly baked bread and spreads which were divine . we started with the beef tartare and the polenta . tartare , very fresh . the polenta , honestly , some of the best i 've had . so cheesy ! ! i would come back for this dish alone ! for my entree , i got the pasta with lobster . the dish , when brought out i thought was on the small side , but once i took a bite , i understood why . extremely rich . a little too rich for my tastebuds . i actually could n't finish it , which does n't happen often . delicious , but just too rich . dessert , we ordered the bombolini that were filled with either vanilla or chocolate filling . highly recommend these . also ordered the chocolate cake , good , but i 'm not the biggest chocolate cake fan . my brother-in-law who loves chocolate loved the cake . good service and food with gorgeous views .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing like fresh pasta made in house ! came here with girlfriends and had top notch service . we all chose a buddy and split our apps entrees , and scarpetta was nice enough to halve our plates for us ! definitely recommend the truffled foie gras ravioli ! the wine list was beautiful but appallingly marked up ( 300 % ) . so we brought our own vino ! ( $ 35 corkage fee )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was honestly really disappointed with this place . i had high hopes . it was myself and 6 other girls for a bachelorette dinner . felt like the server thought he was better than us . the dishes really failed to impress me . i ordered the halibut and felt like all it really needed was a dash of salt and lemon to really pick up the taste . one of the girls ordered extra marinara or something for her calamari , so i put that on my fish and it gave it the flavor it needed . the bachelorette had the polenta as an appetizer , which she loved . but overall , we were not impressed with this place or the dishes . and come on , $ 24 for spaghetti ! ? even if i made it from scratch , it 'd cost less than $ 10 . just sayin '", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come every single vegas trip . betty , the head pastry chef is incredible . not only does she make the meanest desserts of all time , she is also incredibly generous . the entire staff there is ! they sure know how to make you feel pampered . all the other appetizer , pasta , and meat dishes were on point and phenomenal . that spaghetti ... and betty ... .. keep me coming back for more ... . ! ! ! ! lol . till next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! ! me and my lady shared spaghetti ( tomato and basil ) , broccoli ( seasoned with garlic ) and braised short rib appetizer ! ! good proportions , and yummy bread with three different types of spread . i could eat five bowls ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an outstanding experience dining here . we sat at a window seat with a nice view of the bellagio fountain show . the service was impeccable -- we had to servers waiting on us . the food was delicious..everything from the bread basket to the main courses.the wine selection was broad . definitely a place i want to return to next time i am back in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this meal was pretty average , so i 'm not sure what the hype is about here . everyone raves about the spaghetti , but it 's nothing special . neither is the service given how disinterested the waiters seemed . the best part of the meal was the drink and the view of the fountains ( though you can get a better view from restaurants at the bellagio or from a fountain-view terrace room ) . probably will not return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great views of the bellagio fountains - and very good food . we came here once before - and enjoyed our experience then too . the spaghetti is excellent ( i got that last time too ) . i add on the meatballs this time , and was n't really impressed ( so sorry - but they reminded me of the meatballs that come in spaghettio cans ... .sorry ) . wine selection was good , but pricey . would recommend this place for a splurge ! view and atmosphere is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where to start ? service ... almost impeccable ! wine selection , even by the glass , incredible ! the food ? maybe better than being in italy ! we started with the soft polenta & truffle ! no words can describe this creation . then the burrata salad came out , very nice , yet he watermelon cubes were not for us . for the main course we shared the kobe cap , omg ! the pici pasta , a true creation from god ! and the traditional spaghetti , a masterpiece in simplicity ! enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chef dave was amazing ! ! the food was delicious ! we went there for a bachelorette party and thanks to bex for being able to get us seats at the chefs table ! if you ever plan on going to vegas please ask for bex ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner at scarpetta a couple weeks ago with friends . the ambiance of the place was nice . service was excellent and the sommelier was great with his suggestions of wines . had a very nice refreshing wine from cake bread which went well with our meal . i gave this place a 3 stars only because the food was ok.. it was good.. but not great . perhaps i was expecting it to be a bit better based on the previous reviews from other yelpers ( ie . going in with too high expectations ) . do n't get me wrong , it was a nice dinner . just not as great as what i anticipated it to be.. do n't think i would go back as there are plenty of other great restaurants in vegas for italian . peace out..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hate to do this but here goes : fave chef , perfection in manhattan , many missteps in vegas , who would have guessed . severe drop off in service , and cook execution . way overly salty , server promised to die for for pasta and steak specials total $ 140 that were complete salt and meat uncutable by knife . meal comped , let me say if you have been to the manhattan restaurant do n't bother here . scott is the best but obviously can not reign his tight control over his new ever growing empire . i thought he was better than this but everyone has their price ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious ! we were n't starving so asked the waiter to select four appetizers that we could easy split . such a great idea ! see the pictures but we had tuna roll , octopus , lobster pasta , shrimp and oysters followed by these little pastries similar to a donut stuffed with either chocolate or vanilla cream . it was a wonderful experience and our waiter was top notch ! ! i would definitely go back and recommend anyone else to also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely terrible . we tried the tasting menu with wine pairing and the first dish to arrive is sushi . if it had been good , no problem . however the yellowtail smelled and tasted funky and the tuna was ruined with truffle oil . the flavorless dishes kept rolling and the service was equally terrible . we walked away feeling completely ripped off by a restaurant with an identity crisis . when i spend upwards of 300 on a meal , i expect good attentive service and good food . if a full plate goes back , i expect someone to notice and speak to us but no one cared at all . for a guy like scott who is so critical on these cooking shows , you really should revisit your own house . there are just too many places in vegas for places like this to survive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "possibly the best restaurant in vegas ! ! ! also the pasta and dessert entr\u00e9e was fantastic and we 'll worth the wait ! ! ! i highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves food ! ! a+++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really did n't expect to order a steak here . yet had one of the best bone in ribeyes i 've ever had anywhere ( was a special ) . was 24 oz of amazingness . ate at sw steakhouse the night before ... and this blew it away ( also had their bone in ) . went with my girlfriend and also wanted to sit by the window for a great view . they accommodated . service was solid and they tossed in a free dessert ( not sure why ... said `` congrats '' on it ... .but we never told them we were celebrating anything ) . all in all , a great experience and meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very high priced , semi-italian fusion type of food . some really good fish dishes , try the halibut from the meat menu . definitely got ta make a reservation in advance . if you 're a party of 6 or more , request to be seated in their private room with a view of the bellagio fountains water show .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent dining experience ! ! ! our waiter was very knowledgable and attentive to our requests and needs ! we had fettuccine with lamb ragu , broccoli rabe & pecorino to start with ... . it was very good main course : prime filet of beef with potato-lardo pur\u00e9e , rainbow chard & barolo sauce and spiced duck breast with eggplant gratin , pine nuts & duck jus ! both were very tasty and balanced in flavors ! for dessert we had nutella & vanilla bomboloni ( nutella ganache , banana gelato & chocolate shortbread ) ... ... . interesting ... ... .. did n't impress me much as i was looking for more uniqueness ! ! ! ! it reminded me of donut fi for drinks we had : il dolce limone and san remo ! ! ! if you are looking for a romantic dinner with you loved one , this is a very good choice ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a great restaurant all around ! great view , great ambiance , and great service . we where seated with a great view of the fountain show at bellagio . i usually do n't like italian food , too much garlic . but after this meal i fell in love with it all over again . the oysters-west coast where amazing , the spaghetti was delicious , and i cant rave enough about the mediterranean branzino ! the meal was excellent ! we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best meal we had in vegas , hands down and , if you check my other dining reviews from this trip , most all of them were 4 stars , mostly 5 's . my wife was really wanting to try scott conant 's iconic and so simple spaghetti after seeing it on the best thing i ever ate once on food network . we had done the steakhouse thing already and were ready for some italian anyway . we are soooo glad we came to scarpetta . every bit of the meal was fabulous from the stiff cocktails to the impeccable service and the just unbelievably tasty food . honey 's spaghetti was all she could hope for and my branzino was a masterpiece , perfectly seared , with the most delicious fish stock based sauce that was poured over it table side . my brother had a seared duck dish and my niece some pumpkin-based filled pasta dish . throw in that we had a fabulous view of the bellagio fountains blasting every 15 minutes and just , wow ! to a person , we all agreed scarpetta exceeded our expectations ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for happy hour 5:30-7pm at the bar . the restaurant is located right next to d.o.c.g . with a large copper door , but minimal signage so it might be confusing to new guests . i came a little before 5pm when scarpetta was still closed , and saw a couple of folks wander in to d.o.c.g . by mistake . service was great , food was excellent . all the happy hour menu items are $ 7 ( albeit small plates ) ! i had the duck & fois gras ravioli , short rib bone marrow angnolotti , and pork belly all super great , rich and delicious ! washed it down with a glass of red . as typical with many restaurants here , some food items do n't come out until 6pm due to kitchen prep time . would definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best food i had in a long time . i did not know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised . the food was delicious , very refined , well balanced , and the service was outstanding . i had the creme of polenta , the brazzino and the caramel with chocolate mousse . these were outstanding , very well prepared , well balanced , not to much of one or another flavor . the service was great well attentioned . the reception as usual need major upgrade . she made us wait although we had a reservation and the place was not busy , and looked at us with an attitude when i asked how much longer we will have to wait . but beside that it is an outstanding food for the price . ii can definitely compete with the well known 3 stars restaurants of las vegas . i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do n't open until 6pm , so we were concerned we would n't make our 8pm show at the palms hotel . but the service was very fast . so fast , it made it pretty obvious that our lardo wrapped shrimp was precooked albeit very , very tasty . but a bit dry . the cocktails were delicious ... the agnolotti rich and delicious , but the ny steak was the highlight & perfectly cooked . we finished with the banana souffle and coffee . the coffee was great but the souffle was more of a meringue than a typical dessert souffle . also , a highlight was the attentive service . actually the best we 've ever had in vegas ! thanks to garvin . we had 6pm reservations and were out by 7:05pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being a huge fan of scott conant on chopped , my wife and i made a point to visit scarpetta as soon as we landed on thursday night . on the plane i joked that we better not get any sticky pasta , and luckily we did n't . the decor of the restaurant has a great feel and it 's in a great location at the cosmopolitan . while the meal was fine , there was just no wow factor . the black pasta with lobster was good , as was the veal chop , but it was n't great . i am glad we tried scarpetta , but there are too many great restaurants in vegas to visit this place any time soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the food , the service and everything about this place . the servers and staff were great and the wine awesome ... try to book early to get the window seats which are facing the bellagio fountains .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is the worst i 've experienced in vegas , food was not bad but loses it 's flavor with bad service , scott conant the owner needs to read these reviews and start screening staff . i for sure will never step foot into this sad excuse for a restaurant ever again . a week later i was in beverly hills with the same group of friends and we saw scarpetta , we avoided the restaurant and ate elsewhere , proving how lousy service means loss of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "scarpetta is a definite must go ! the ambiance is warm and inviting . everything from the short rib appetizer to the signature spaghetti with tomato and basil was prepared perfectly . i ca n't say enough good things about this amazing restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was tempted to give scarpetta 3 stars but i really liked our server , the ambiance , the appetizer and table offerings . i thought my pasta dish was just good . vegas is always pricy and i understand that but i guess i had hoped for a tiny bit better entree . all in all a nice experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "romantic , classy , with a great view of the bellagio fountains . it 's located in the new cosmopolitan hotel . service was impeccable and food was innovative and had very distinctive flavors . their free bread basket is so good - had to resist the urge to ask for another basket before the meal . i was n't the biggest fan of the short rib and bone marrow starter or the duck and foie gras ravioli ( it was good but maybe i just do n't have the taste for it ) , but their diver scallops and polenta with mushrooms were amazing ! overall they pasta main courses were fine , but did n't blow us away . the black cod entree was a small portion but delicious . the atmosphere and experience of a nice vegas restaurant with relatively reasonably priced ( by vegas standards ) with several chances to catch the fountain shows ... that 's what gets you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant itself was very nice , we got a table right by the window where it had a great view . the menu was very simple . we ordered the braised short rib as an appetizer , the meat was very tender and had lost of flavor . we ordered the duck ravioli and it wasnt as good as people on yelp said it to be . the sauce was a very sweet but bitter sauce and overall wasnt that good . we also had the roasted chicken which was good , but had that same sauce that made it taste funny . we ordered the spaghetti just to try it , and it was very plain , no meatballs , and the noodles were a little harder than what they shouldve been . for dessert , we had the coconut panna cotta that had caramelized pineapples and a guava soup with ice cream which was so good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing . fantastic service , food , and ambiance . ca n't wait to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 - appetizers - creamy polenta ( perfect flavor , slightly thin ) , tomato and mozzarella , braised beef ( both small , but excellent ) . 2 - pastas - a beautiful mini-ravioli excellently sauced and thick noodle in tomato sauce that was less successful ( too thick and chewy ) . entres were ok , but the staff confused who got what . my filet of beef was undercooked and uneventful . desserts - flour-less chocolate was ok , otherwise , unmemorable . very nice dining room ( some get beautiful views of the bellagio fountain ) . service was adequate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was so disappointing . i based my selection of this restaurant on the number of yelp reviews it received and what others commented about it . the quality of the food was not that great and we ordered a totally overpriced bottle of wine . this was a visit for a bachelorette dinner and everyone , including the bride , were unimpressed by the food . who has been posting these rave reviews ... ? i would not return . the only pro that this restaurant has is the wonderful view from the dining room . other than that , service was as expected , but the food really did not shine . short ribs that were highly recommended by the server were just ok. meh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a vegas must , every time we go to vegas we visit scarpetta . one of my husbands favorites . we always sit at the bar , sometimes it 's slow , though we still seem to have a great time and great food . when its busy the energy is definitely flowing in a positive vegas way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! one of my all time favorite dinners and i go out to eat a lot . the portions are on the smaller side but hey when you 're in vegas you do n't need a big stuffing meal , need to save some room for drinks : ) we ordered the short rib appetizers ' with polenta ( very small portion ) . they were beyond anything else i 've tried . everything just melted in my mouth . for dinner i ordered the mushroom raviolis i think it was called foie gras ravioli . again this plate was just outstanding nothing like anything i 've ever had before . the grated cheese literally foamed on the plate . i ca n't stop talking about this meal and recommending this restaurant to others . another plus was the window seating which had beautiful views of the vegas strip . the place is dimly lit so adds a romantic feel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since we were staying at the cosmopolitan my husband and i decided to go back to scarpetta . this visit did not disappoint . we started with the lobster and grilled peach salad with burratta . it was just over-the-top delicious . i ordered their signature spaghetti which was absolute perfection . my has been was still dreaming about the last time he ordered a fillet there so he ordered it again and it was absolutely amazing . service was fantastic as well . the bread basket and the top and nod and butter that they bring with it are just as amazing . if you are nearby or staying at the cosmopolitan in las vegas you must try this beautiful restaurant . they also have a great bar where you enjoy a glass of wine and an appetizer . we ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was very slow . the potato chips were great . the food was ok but nothing memorable . my wife had halibut which was overcooked . i had a short rib pasta that was ok. we did love this eggplant dipping sauce and bread . that was great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great italian food in an even better setting . view of the strip while dining on indulgent pasta ? yes , please . the bread they serve before dinner is worth it alone haha . you just ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went there for my fathers 70th birthday celebration . it was beyond delicious ! we had the creamy polenta for an appetizer and it was to die for ! we could not get enough ! then we had the spaghetti with basil and it was the best spaghetti i have ever tasted in my life . the sauce was beyond . the service was amazing , as was the lighting and the ambiance . this is a must go to restaurant for all who are looking for an amazing supper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband and i are major food show junkies , so we planned to celebrate big for our 5th anniversary . we were seated by a window with an incredible view of the bellagio fountains . the wooden floors , leather chairs , and leather placemats gave an instant upscale but hip vibe . we ordered an appetizer , two pastas , a meat dish , a side , and a dessert . all handmade pastas , the chef was so kind and split all our dishes ( even when we said it was n't a big deal for us to eat family style ) , and the spaghetti was one of the best things i 've ever put in my mouth . the spaghetti with tomato and basil was so good we got an extra order to eat later . luis , our server , was incredibly accommodating and made sure our dining experience was unforgettable . he joked with us , told us each item we were about to eat , and sent us home happy customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the environment is cool and classy . you can get away with casual attire , but a little dressier would fit better . this is definitely an option for a romantic dinner as well . the service team was attentive and friendly . the bread basket is filled with tasty options . for my meal i ordered the short rib & bone marrow agnolotti . it was very good . it also has brown butter , horseradish and bread crumbs as part of the meal . the horseradish is very subtle , so do not get scared away by that . the bone marrow helps give it deep flavor . the meal is very good . the portion is modest , so definitely consider an appetizer , soup or salad to pair with it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been the scarpetta in new york city about 4 times . and each time i go , i have to get ( at least for an app ) the exact same thing . i can not recommend the spaghetti marinara strongly enough . the rest of the food we ordered was great -- but this is just the perfect bowl of pasta . having said that -- the nyc restaurant had superior service . they were busy , but it seemed like our waiter , who had our table first , had about 5 other tables sit down at the exact same time after us -- so our service was quite slow . ( although , still very friendly ) . i think that is way more the problem of management to sit 5 tables in one waiters section all at once . i felt like it took at least 20 minutes to flag down the waiter to get our check delivered to us . again -- food was great , service was slow because it was so crowded ... they should do something to rectify that situation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a delicious tasting menu sunday night - pre valentine 's . best seat in the house next to the window overlooking bellagio fountains - terrific , attentive service . delicious food - the executive chef , dan rossi worked with alex for 14 years ... therefore , good technique , now cooking italian very nicely . vita shanley 's desserts are delicious . naturally ... . masterful front of house ... . plus antonello 's back in town . great team of some of my most favorite professionals in a spectacularly lovely location making great food ... . any questions ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in vegas last weekend for a birthday , and as chopped fans we had to go . we spent the week prior drooling over the menu but that did n't help , we were still having a hard time choosing what to order . so many great options ! i went with the pici while the bf went with the prime fillet . the pici was spicy and unbelievably delicious . the fillet was tender and probably the best piece of meat i 've ever put in my mouth . scarpetta has ruined italian food for me . pasta is freshly handmade . i 'm getting an imperia and never eating pasta out of a box again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet another really superb las vegas dining experience . scott conant did not disappoint . we came here shortly after the restaurant hotel opened and even then , everything was done remarkably well . between our table we sampled a variety of menu items and we really enjoyed the meal . i particularly loved the shortrib pasta and the striped bass . the desserts here are also not to be missed -- specifically the chocolate cake with salted caramel gelato . need i say more ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the very few ( if not the only one ) restaurants on the strip where the vegas location is a lot better than the one in nyc . scarpetta lv is light years ahead of its namesake in manhattan 's meatpacking district . the service is , without a question , much better here than in nyc and so was the food . scarpetta nyc , on the other hand , has a quirkier , much more interesting wine list featuring italian wines exclusively . so , i guess you 'd have to visit both locations and decide for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! i arrived with a group of 8 others and we were sat at the chef 's table , which is through restaurant and kitchen in a little room . the room is overlooking the whole strip with the bellagio fountain nearest . we started with a bunch of appetizers : tuna , oysters , octopus , bread , beef tartare . we actually ordered 3 dishes of the tuna bc it was so good . for the mains , people got the branzino , pasta , steak , lobster . everything was so tasty except the steak was pretty well done when asked for medium rare . we got some side potatos , greens and mushrooms as well . the wine selection was perfect and service was great . i will definitely be returning back ! i also love the cosmo hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best dining experience ever ! scott conant 's sophisticated yet soulful dishes were nothing short of decadent . started off with the short ribs ; then the duck and foie gras ravioli ( our favorite -- so good ! ) ; i had the spiced duck breast , and my hubby had the halibut . halibut was delicious ! my duck had a little too much star anise in the rub . ended with the napoleon , so yummy , i cleaned the plate . we sat right next to a window and had a great view of the bellagio water show . had a wonderful time ! and the service was impeccable ! the staff was very professional and friendly . according to our receipt our waiter was asato . great guy . next time i hope to catch chef scott there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant ! ! ! ! i went here for my friend 's birthday and it was amazing . it 's located inside the cosmopolitan hotel , and it 's a bit of a walk from the lobby , but it 's definitely worth the walk . i had the spaghetti , which is what it 's famous for and it was incredible . my friends got a mixture of braised short ribs , pesto pasta , and spaghetti . everything was fantastic . the service was great and i would definitely go back . the only downside is that it closes early ... .about 11pm . it 's definitely not a late night spot . you also need to make an appointment . it was definitely the best meal i had in vegas . go check it out ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to many high end restaurants in vegas but so far , this place tops them all . from the moment you are seated to the moment you leave , it is an unforgettable experience . every time we come here they treat us like family . i have had most of the dishes and all of what i have had here was very very good . i will always come and eat here when i am in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent suggested irish whiskey beef cheek ravioli was fantastic . service was also very , very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily made reservations via opentable earlier in the day for a prime time on friday night . when my date and i arrived , we were quickly seated and they checked our coats for us . they have a very respectable wine selection and presentation of their stock . the acoustics were very good ; even sitting at an table near the middle , we were able to converse with regular voices . service was quick and very polite . i ordered the roasted duck and was very pleased with the dish . my date ordered the cod filet and was n't so thrilled , but loved the squash soup appetizer . for dessert we shared the chocolate cake with almond gelato and it was amazing . i will definitely return to this hotel and restaurant in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the tasting menu with wine pairing . a++++++++++ ! i highly recommend ordering this if you want to try the different flavors here . be come here hungry too ! do n't fill yourself with the bread basket if you 're going to order the tasting menu . every dish was great , and this scarpetta location is as great as the beverly hills location inside the montage bh . i 'll definitely return here again . this outstanding meal was the highlight of my trip ! for the $ 7 happy hour at the bar area from 5 to 7pm , it 's satisfactory . the food plates are tiny so expect minuscule portions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta was not worth it . i spent about 260.00 for two people including a 45 dollar tip . we did n't have wine . the scallop was pretty good , the foie gras ravioli was ok , we had a steak dish that i ca n't remember because it was that forgetful . finished it off with gelato , which i could have cared less about . the service was great , the decor was nice but boring . in general i was extremely underwhelmed . if my bill would have been about 50 dollars cheaper i would say this is a good place to take a friend or business partner , but not a date or someone who you 'd want to share a meaningful or memorable evening with . however , since scarpetta was not 50 dollars cheaper , my conclusion is ... go somewhere else . there are much better places .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no more buffets in vegas . a crop of amazing restaurants are making vegas a food destination . must order : tomato & basil pasta duck & foie gras pasta the protein dishes were decent . recommend the pumpkin cheesecake to end the meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the tasting menu , the ravioli and the spaghetti were very good , black cod was mushy no flavor and duck breast had a game taste . they should just stick with the pasta .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a fantastic experience on the strip of las vegas . i did n't expected the food to be so good . we went there for dinner in november and the first course and main plats were all outstanding ! i had the beet salad which was fantastic . then , my entree bronzino was so flavorful as well . the service was impeccable and the only reason i did n't give it a 5 star is because the receptionists who were off putting making us wait needlessly even though there were plenty of seats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a lovely dinner on our last night in vegas . we would have given this place 5 stars but our main course and dessert were n't as good as our salad and pasta courses . my husband and i were happy that we could share each course so that we could try a few things without feeling stuffed . i highly recommend the polenta and short rib angiolotti as appetizer and pasta courses . the polenta was smooth and creamy and the angiolotti was heavenly ! the trio of lamb was so-so and might have been better if just the lamb chop was served . our server was very attentive and we would definitely recommend coming for good food , service and a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expensive but worth it . a very short menu that was fun to share items off of with others in our party so we could all try different things . great food with a unique flair . their bread choices were very unique including a bread with meat in it . they need more servers . our bar and food service was slow . they only had one bartender working , while she was great , no one could keep up alone with the volume of a full restaurant . we liked the location with its view . also they presented the food to you when it came very well . we will go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was beautiful . service was impeccable . our server garvin was very personable and quite attentive without being intrusive . the same can be said for his teammates ( food runners , bussers , etc. ) . the only negative thing at all that i have to say is that no negroni on earth should cost $ 15 , but that 's vegas for ya , i suppose ! pro tip : ask for a table with a view of the bellagio fountains , if possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful surprise at the cosmo ! we highly recommend asking the staff to course out th entire meal ( serve one dish at a time ) . a single appetizer can be split into two portions so you can order a bunch of different plates and really take your time . the scallops with foie gras as well as the bone marrow and short rib pasta were our favorites . the pana cotta and mini doughnuts were awesome for dessert . get a table by the window . the view of the bellagio and the strip is stunning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott conant really is a genius . service was attentive and part of the overall amazing experience . matthew was our server and was incredible . tuna `` suchi '' , fritto misto , spaghetti , duck and foie gras ravioli were all outstanding dishes . we will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked our table on opentable.com and was thrilled to see we were sat at the window overlooking the bellagio fountains . we found the waitstaff to be friendly and knowledgable . my husband and i both ordered the tasting menu , with my husband enjoying the wines to go with his . the waiters did a wonderful job explaining each dish and spacing out the time between each course . we loved every course , but the one we can not stop thinking about is the pasta with tomato sauce and basil . i know it sounds simple , but believe me it is simply delicious . i recommend having the tasting menu , but if you do not want to splurge then order the pasta , you wo n't be sorry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , i had high hopes for this place ... but can we say overrated ? ! i have a theory about vegas restaurants : they 're all very hyped and expensive but tend to fall short on meeting expectations . i was in vegas for a convention so went in for dinner . i ordered the duck and foie gras ravioli and it was so salty i could n't eat more than one . it actually felt weird on my tongue because it was so salty . i normally do n't like to send things back but there was no way i could eat the dish . they gladly took it back and apologized . i ordered the spaghetti in its place and they brought it out quickly so that i was n't left waiting for my food while everyone else was eating . everything that the others had were alright but definitely not memorable ( i do n't remember what they got ) . the service was great and the food was ok but those two factors along with the ridiculous prices , i would probably never go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this restaurant . the view is fantastic . service has always been very attentive . i always go for the simple old favorite of straight up spaghetti and have never been let down . the sauce is excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth the price . the food was fine but we had a much better meal ( food and service ) at todd english at 1 2 the price and twice the wine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously love this place . tend to come here allot after work and the food is always amazing and so good ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here with friends on may 6 . i believe reservations were early , 6pm . got there early and had drink at the bar . great variety ... .no beers on tap but some interesting bottled beers . our group shared a few apps . i sampled the oysters , which if i recall had a mignonette sauce which was excellent , very `` bright '' tasting . also had the lentils and squid . the lentils were amazing and the squid perfectly cooked . for dinner i had the `` pici '' ( pasta ) served with lobster , tarragon , almond & chili pesto . it was perfectly portioned but still a little `` heavy '' . i paired that with a side order of broccoli rabe and a nice house chianti . no dessert for our group . others had the short-rib dish ( which looked great but small ) . service was fine , the waiter seemed very knowledgeable . great views in this hip hotel . would recommend go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great ambiance and views but the food was just ok and service also not that good . i really do n't think its an italian restaurant either . the octopus was great but nothing unique or special . had the duck breast . that was good just not great . i think the service level is just not quite there . it felt a little unfocused and we had to wait a long time just to get our plates cleared and i found myself flagging someone down more than once . service and food really do n't match the price if you ask me . i think it 's mostly about ambiance . if you want to take out of towners to an italian restaurant that is both cheaper and frankly much more satisfying food , go to buddy v 's up the road .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "group of six had an outstanding meal - risotto to die for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple elegant food . i would recommend this place to the most discerning of palates ! the scallop was perfectly seasoned and cooked . the spaghetti was simple but addicting ! the short agnolotti was super flavorful and the tagliatelle with root veggies was absolutely devine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been to scarpetta 's every year for the last 3 years . we 've made sure to go every time we are in vegas . we were just there for my birthday last week , and it 's the same experience everytime . stellar . the food is wonderful , the view is gorgeous , and the staff is courteous , and prompt . we look forward to dinner here every year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "late review from dinner in feb. great ambiance and view of the bellagio fountains . order the duck foie gras ravioli or short rib bone marrow agnolotti . favors are incredible ! even the bread basket is amazing . pricey but definitely worth it . cosmopolitan has a great selection of restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pasta was cold and we were rushed out by our server who could't give a damn about us . i guess that 's just vegas , but i was dissapointed considering how excited we were to try this place . the bread basket was killer though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was great , small portions and for non-organic food it was way overpriced . our bus boy provided great service in contrast to our waiter . i tipped the bus boy . the desert was the best part .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really best italian , i 'll say above average . really get fooled by yelp . sorry i was really looking foward to good pasta .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent -- excellent ... . what a great birthday dinner experience . the portions were perfect and the service outstanding ! had a table near the window so could enjoy the fountains at bellagio while waiting for the meal . all the courses were terrific and tasty . beef rib pasta was perfect and the dessert really great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scarpetta was very good , i am pretty mad that i did not order the duck ravioli though . we brought a bottle of nice vino , and corkage was $ 35 . steep compared to jaleo which only charged us $ 25 . the pasta was amazing , very doughy and fresh . apparently they make it hand-made every day , crazy . i had the pici lobster which was good but needed more sauce on it . the heirloom tomato salad was great , but it came with a massive amount of cheese . so it was very rich and filling so be prepared to eat a lot of good cheese . skipped dessert , two people was around $ 200 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i just went to scarpetta the other night . the food , overall , was delicious . the service was ok . the bread did n't come out until the appetizers which is a huge pet peeve , but whatever . the big problem was the portion size . my tiny little turbot cost $ 38 . my husband 's chicken was half a breast at best . $ 250 later , we ended up going to secret pizza at the cosmo for a slice after our dinner at scarpetta . secret pizza , on the other hand , i highly recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! wonderful service ; wonderful food ; wonderful wine ! we loved this restaurant ! with no reservation on a tuesday evening , we had an excellent dinner . prime fillet of beef and duck foie gras ravioli . the manager greeted us and suggested the perfect bottle of wine . we will certainly tell our friends and family to check this restaurant out when visiting vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , this place is great ! ! love love the ambiance , very modern chic , romantic and fancy place ... the service was great ! we were in vegas for the elton john concert and wanted to have pasta for dinner so we tried this place . we have no regrets , waiters were fantastic , first course was delicious ( short ribs ) . i had a glass of sauvignon blanc ... went perfectly with my pasta ! as we finished our dinner , we asked if we could take a glass of wine to go , ( as we were running late to the concert ) and the waiter did not hesitate and brought us our drinks ! lovely service , would definitely try this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an absolutely fantastic meal . mike was our waiter and he provided absolutely phenomenal recommendations . we had the scallops which were truly orgasmic and out of this world , the raviolis with foie gras was a heavenly savory dish . the lamb and octopus calamari we had were also deliciously decadent . our wine expert steered us to a spectacular red that worked with every course . and then mike surprised us with a dessert that blew our minds : italian doughnuts that made my girlfriend believe in angels , god , and the afterlife . in essence , our best meal in vegas and perhaps for many months .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a super fancy restaurant with cool decoration and some seats with nice view . the tabling service is old and kinda impatient to guests with no reservation . we ended sit in the bar , and luckily waiters at the bar are nicer . the food is kinda pricey but the taste is decent . i usually do n't order ravioli ( thought it taste like fake dumplings ) but i actually almost finish the entire plate of their duck ravioli . really tasty and sauce is quite matching . all 3 cocktails that we orders tastes not bad . regardless of the price , i will recommend the food and drink , and remember to reserve the window seat then .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to the beverly hills location prior to the las vegas location and both were spot on . we made reservations and got there 45 minutes early to be promptly seated at the best table in the house ! we had a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains . our waiter was very helpful and had great suggestions . the bread basket is always a favorite of mine . i especially like the marscarpone cheese spread . yummy ! ! we shared the apple endive salad with beets also good . i had the spaghetti this time and prior i had the short rib agnolotti ( super good ) . the ambience was top notch as was the service . i 'll be visiting again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came for an early dinner before a show . shared the tuna + avocado , braised short rib , and the cod . all the dishes were tasty . cocktails were also on point . almost as good as the la location", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a memorable night it was ! first , i definitely would request a window view of the bellagio water show if you can , because my boyfriend and i saw three shows while enjoying our dinner . scarpetta 's very romantic but is also just a great place for a one-of-a-kind italian meal . we started out with sharing a glass of pinot noir , which was delicious and smooth . for an appetizer , i highly recommend the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms ... then you must dip the bread they give you into the mushroom mixture . deliciouso ! i ordered the simple , but unforgettable tomato and basil spaghetti and my boyfriend ordered the short rib agnolotti , which he devoured . all their pasta is made fresh at the restaurant and ca n't be compared to any other pasta i 've had . you must try it for yourself ! reservations can be made online , and i definitely recommend this to anyone who is visiting las vegas with their significant other or wants to make a good first impression : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! food at its finest . we had the tasting menu and wine pairing and i would have paid triple for this experience . the service was professional and flawless . the food can only be described as art ! texture , taste , and creativity are in every bite . wow ! this is bucket list worthy ! check my other reviews , i am generally not this kind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , real good . had the short rib risotto and crab , shrimp , lobster pasta . the waiter said that the portions would be really small , european sizes , and he recommended to order a couple of things if you were hungry . well our group was hungry ... but after ordering the short rib risotto and seafood pasta dish , i was beyond stuffed . i would have been completely satisfied with ordering just the seafood pasta . talk about overselling , but i do n't think he meant to do that ... who knows ! it 's expensive , but vegas in general is expensive . if you 're looking for a great meal but do n't mind spending the $ $ $ then you should check this place out . while their menu is n't extremely extensive i think it has a little something for everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wish we could of had a table with a view since we made the reservations months ago for valentine 's day dinner with our friends ( table for 12 ) ... but besides the less romantic view and unable to split checks for us , which we had to do ourselves at the end of dinner , the food was amazing ! all my stars go to the food one less star for the reservations and bill splitting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please do order the sphagetti ! absolutely one of the best ones i have ever tried . the ambiance was very classy i liked it . however , the cheese bread is amazing ! ! definitely want to come back and try the other items on the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far , our best meal this trip to vegas ! views and service were great . we had the tasting menu , which was outstanding . lots of different tastes and textures - all memorable . we also had the wine pairing with the tasting menu . wine pairing was good , considering the price point ( $ 45 for the pairing ) , but we would have gladly paid more for a premium wine pairing option . outstanding evening . do n't be in a rush - i would n't go here pre-theater . dinner took about 2 1 2 hours - we enjoyed every minute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first 5 star review of the year means it was that good , folks . we had the filet mignon , veal chop ( cooked medium plus ) , cauliflower and mushrooms . the flavors were incredible and well balanced . not to mention the portions were great for the price . the views are amazing ( ask to sit by window ) . ambience is romantic and sexy . i would recommend you come here . it did not disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the view i had was amazing ! i was able to look out and see the bellagio dancing fountains ! i tried the chef 's tasting menu and everything i had was delicious ! it was pricey , but you pay for what you get and i definitely had way more than i thought i was going to get ! the servers change your dishes and silverware every time there was a new dish . i love places that do that because that is great service and quality . definitely a date place . i love it ! must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "damn you scott conant . we made a reservation here and were all excited to be judgmental pricks about the food ( you know , the way scott is on chopped ) . but it was amazing . we could not find anything to judge harshly . first , try to request a table by the window with a view . the restaurant has an amazing view of the bellagio fountain at night . we did the tasting menu and it was totally worth it . one of the best meals i 've ever had and so filling . second tip : do not fill up on the delicious bread at the beginning of the meal if you are doing the tasting menu . we were so stuffed but we actually finished our whole meal . the waiter commented that we were the first to actually finish the tasting menu in a month because everyone fills up on bread and ends up not being able to finish their dishes . amazing food . imo highlights were the creamy polenta and black cod .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "celebrated my 5th anniversary . they set me up with the best table in the house . food was great . wine recommendations were amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here to celebrate my partner 's birthday , recommended by two gourmet friends . i made the reservation through the app open table and we got a place close to the window where we could see the bellagio water show . it was awesome ! ! . we ordered duck and foie ravioli , creamy polenta , tuna carpaccio and al ceppo , the most exquisite flavor , i could n't say which was the best ! ! , also an excellent selection of wines , a friendly staff and a fine atmosphere that made an unforgettable night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the faro risotto was outstanding however the white truffle pasta was ... ok , i do n't eat truffle very often but cook with it somewhat regularly and the flavor was underwhelming . great service ! the more a drank the water the fuller the glass was ! and that never happens", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing experience ! ! started with a couple cocktails at the very hip swanky bar . was led to our table by a stunning hostess . we overlooked the bellagio fountains , by far one of the best veiws in vegas . we took our seats and were greeted by a very friendly server who offered great suggestions and answered all of our food questions . we looked thru the wine list and decided to ask for a somm to guide us . a smartly dressed younger gentleman came to our table and convinced us to try something new and interesting . it was a little more then i usually spend but decided to trust him . i have to say he really nailed it ! amazing wine , we wound up buying another bottle half way thru our meal ! speaking of the meal ... .spectacular ! ! perfectly cooked pasta , my duck was incredible . the service through out was impressive to say the least . the best i 've had in vegas in quite a long time . we will be back again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night my boyfriend and i went for the first time with another one of my friends for dinner , we could n't have been more pleased ! we had chef dave come out and talk to us and he offered to just send a whole bunch of his favorite things out for all of us to try ! the breads are amazing , the spaghetti is outta this world , and chef dave 's signature dish which is the pink snapper is just to die for ! i wish i could go back again tonight ! the food was so perfectly prepared that i could n't stop eating even though i had no room left to continue to eat , i just forced myself to ! the wine pairings went perfectly with each dish ! we had such an awesome experience , and at the end chef dave even brought us back into the kitchen to see where our awesome dinner was created ! the kitchen was spotless ! ca n't wait to go again ! thanks so much chef dave ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was amazing . the beat salad , spaghetti and the sea bass ! noe put our meal together for us and made us all very happy ! wonderful dining experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best meal in las vegas . the beau is a italian food snob and he is so picky about italian food since he lived there for six months previously . the bread basket is wonderful and so full of options . we could have gotten full just eating that . we had the hamachi which was so fresh and melted in your mouth . the highlight of the meal was the duck and foie gras ravioli . yes i just said that , and it was the most beautiful pasta i 've had in my life . the pasta was so fresh and light , cooked perfectly . the filling was creamy and decadent . i want to go back just for that . the service was impeccable as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta is the best italian restaurant in las vegas . period . it is high priced but what restaurant is n't on the strip . here is the secret : make a reservation during the early part of the week and order the sampler menu . the sampler is not available during the busy times ( fri-sun ) . a word of caution : do n't gorge on the bread or you will not be able to finish the meal . sampler : $ 90 wine compliment : $ 50 . i do n't remember the exact amounts . if you drink wine , add the wine for each sampler . you will be very happy with their wine selection for each of the sampler . their signature spaghetti is the best i have ever had . there was one dish they cooked up specially for my wife from her previous visit with her bffs . this will be the first place we revisit when we head back to lv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely surprise . randomly picked this place to take my boss and another colleague . ordered the spaghetti ( tomato & basil ) based on the server 's recommendation . have to admit thought it was rather bold of the dude to suggest the spaghetti as the pasta to try . but it was very good , al dente handmade noodles with the right balance of sweet and acidity of the tomato & basil sauce . also the field greens was rather good even though it was n't listed on the menu . there is a smear of some kind of nut butter , candied walnut and uber fresh greens with light vinaigrette salad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "graciously hosted by gina ( chef ) , domenic ( somm ) , mario , and noe this was the best dining experience ever . evening started out with there combination meat and cheese ... ... fresh parmigiano reminiscent of my trip to parma , salty , nutty , and firm . now , for those who know me , i take 'sauce ' seriously as i was raised by a full blooded sicilian mother . i 'm excited to say they sauce was bright with acid , rounded out with olive oil and basil and finished with a hit of butter . the polpettino were delicate pillow of lamb , beef , and pork with a nice crust gently tossed into the sauce . wines were perfectly selected by noe and domenic . should you get a chance reserve the private room for an intimate view of vegas . thank you to noe and team for the memorable experience . see you all at ces in january .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best italian restaurants i 've ever been to . delicious from start to finish . yummy cocktails , pea soup with rock shrimp , and beet salad . then kobe rib cap , short rib agnolotti , ox tail gemelli , and spaghetti pomodoro . all were amazing . that simple house made spaghetti was really fantastic . my son inhaled it ! great service too . we would definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty food , fabulous service i had the spaghetti , which is pretty bomb for being just spaghetti . i also tried someone else 's steak and it was amazing ... i need to return to get my very own . dessert - yum ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though i live in nyc , i 've never dined at scarpetta in nyc . very much enjoyed scarpetta in las vegas in the cosmopolitan hotel . service was very friendly and attentive . i was dining solo , and was seated at the best table in the restaurant with a perfect view of the bellagio fountains that are splendid . the stromboli in the bread basket is delicious ! loved the duck and foie gras ravioli with marsala . very generous portion . the main course of duck with endive was very good ( very soft ) , but i 've had better duck dishes ( le cirque and robuchon in lv ) . the zeppoles were a bit overdone ( too dark ) and there was too much nutella filling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have i known that this place was known for its spaghetti then i would have gotten it . i just ca n't see paying $ 15-25 for spaghetti . but the atmosphere of this restaurant is hip & modern-like the hotel itself . our waiter was super friendly and gave us great service as well as the bussers and host . i ordered the blackened cod and my bf ordered the veal , ick..i do n't know what veal is supposed to taste like since i have n't had it before but i tasted it and did n't like it . but my blackened cod was really good and we ordered the seared yellow tail for an appe-teaser ! omg , it was the best i have ever tasted , i highly recommend this ! it had a lemon nutty flavor that just melt in my mouth ! so good ! ! and they give you bread before your meal , yummy , they had different varieties that you can choose from and trust me all of them are good ! definitely would go back but going to try the spaghetti next time..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you go here at night , make sure you get a good view of the bellagio fountains because that 's half the experience of going here . the other half is the delicious ham and cheese bread they give you . i probably could have just eaten that for a meal . anyway , food came out a little slow . the duck and foie gras ravioli was indeed salty as another reviewer mentioned . i did enjoy the short rib agnolotti though . not sure if i 've ever tasted anything like it before .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone raves about the views of the bellagio fountains , but i did n't think that they were that great . we got a great window table since my friend is in the vegas business , but the view is more of a side-view . nothing spectacular . and the food was just ok too . i guess their specialty is the stromboli that is included in the bread basket . meh . and the rest of the dinner was pretty forgettable also . the place has a nice vibe , but overall , i would say that i would n't go back . they do stuff the tables and chairs in , so it 's kind of cramped .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so disappointed ! i have eaten here multiple times as a local . the som , kyle is great , but for 3pp and a $ 450 meal our service sucked ! i walked in thinking of one specific pasta dish , that i absolutely adore ! the server told me , `` no '' absolutely do n't get that , pick something else without any reason . i assumed it was because something was bad in the kitchen , chose something else , was completely unhappy but could n't tell my server because he never came back to check on us . we were rushed to order because the kitchen was closing , then why did the restaurant allow a 10pm reservation ? ? ? ? we were rushed through our meal , and after appetizers our server did n't return until the table was clear to `` push us '' dessert . i have n't been this unhappy about a meal on the strip in a long time . they are getting 2 stars because of the somm", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service does n't describe how great the serving staff and owner was . top marks for the staff knowledge of how the food was prepared . the food was the best new york italian food , and the best dining in las vegas . the deserts were exploding with flavor . a must eat place . - doug morneau", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here for date night while we were in vegas . we really enjoyed our experience . we got a table that overlooked the fountain at bellagio , which was beautiful . our waiter was the nicest gentleman . we had a great time chatting up with him . we had heard wonderful things about the spaghetti so we both got that and devoured it . their drinks were delicious and so was the complimentary bread . they catered to us very well and we were delighted . we were so stuffed so we did n't have room for dessert but i 'm sure they were just as good . highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to scarpetta twice and both times were very different . the first time was amazing and my favorite item on the menu was the goat . so i was very excited to return to have this again . second visit , no goat . boo ! ! what the hell , that was so good- bring it back . the food was still great and service was excellent of course . this was my order . apps : raw yellow tail , and heirloom beet salad- both were really good . paste : spaghetti tomato basil- omg to die for , homemade pasta people ! ! pesce : mediterranean branzino- you can never go wrong with this fish . contorni : broccoli rabe dolce : nutella & vanilla creme bomboloni and mascarpone cheesecake anything with nutella and mascarpone is good . this restaurant has a great ambiance , great service and great food . definitely give it a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "black tagliolini - best uni pasta i 've ever had . uni , crab , and tobiko mixed together . it 's was the bomb pasta , seafood freshness with classic pasta", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful restaurant but overrated . the waiter rush us to order after giving us the menu . when we asked what was good he rushing us . he seems distracted when the restaurant was n't busy . i ordered wine than he took the menu and did n't bother to ask the rest of the party what they wanted . so i had to ask him to take the others drink order . we were hoping food would be amazing after the bad service , sadly it was n't even good . everything was salty . my party and i drank so much water . maybe chef had a bad bay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started with variety of bread . had one with salami n cheese . with 3 dipping sauces- oil , cheese or carbonata . carbonata was tangy , chock full of eggplant and delish . beef tartare was good . had truffles on top.truffles tasted bland . i thought they were supposed to be amahzing ? ! oysters , $ 24 for 6 minuscule oysters that were n't properly cleaned nor did it come with minonette . could have gotten caviar with it . but the duck foie gras ravioli was really decadent . bit salty tho . the veal.chop was juicy and tender but tasted like.chicken . guava panna cotta was really good . the st.germain spritzone was refreshing . great service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place . i ordered sea scallops with truffled white asparagus pink graitfruit and uni aoili . this was an appatizer but they only gave me two scallops . my friends were raving about the bread with ham in it and if i would have known i would only get two scallops i would have tried the bread but by the time the food came there was no more bread . the servers werent the nicest and took them about an hour to serve our food . which none should have taken that long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had dinner here with a few friends . started with the truffled polenta and `` suschi '' , then we had a ravioli and followed with the fillet . the raviolis were under cooked and we definitely should have sent them back but that was our fault . everything else was really nice but my biggest complaint is that the polenta , ravioli and fillet all had the same demi glace . it was too rich after the second dish and my taste buds got totally bored . for the price i would go else where .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious food and great service ! our waiter david was so patient , he not only went through almost ever item on the menu but also provided great recommendations ! we had a fantastic dining experience and enjoyed every dish ( we had pasta and souffl\u00e9 ) . definitely coming back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was hard to give this place 2 stars as the food was delicious ! the location is awesome and we had a great table by the window . the view is great . the service was horrible . they were having some computer problems . it would have been great if the server came and explained that to us , instead he just disappeared and i guess was trying to fix it . i am not a needy diner by any means , however , our wine glasses were empty for a while ( which we spent $ 70 per glass for ) , we would have ordered dessert but it just took too long . it was almost like we were forgotten . spending almost $ 300 for 2 people should get you amazing service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "salty . just salty , but i was so hungry i ate it anyway . $ 17 malbec $ 18 yellowtail appetizer - 4 small pieces , good for one person $ 28 duck foie gras ravioli - salty , but good portion size great service made up for mediocre food . $ 80 for dinner and i left slightly drunk , so that might have made up for it , too this is vegas , so everything is expensive . if it was n't , i 'd give it 3 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times and it 's been consistent . serves different variety of breads along with tapenade and olive oil . for large groups , they have a private dining room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food , ambiance , and service ! fantastic view of the fountain in front of the bellagio as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the price of this place i found it to be just ok. heirloom tomato salad was good but not great . duck ravioli was a bit disappointing . the menu does offer many creative dishes and things you would n't find at your typical italian place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eye roll hostess had us come back in 15 mins or get a drink at the bar `` to be ontime . '' well , it was 1 3 empty when walked in on a fri night . my fish was awesome ! but , my fellow diner payer was disappointed . nothing was terrible , just idk , maybe we got the `` wrong things '' ? nothing extraordinary in comparison with other vegas nyc estbalishments . ps view was pleasant - but why is the window sill right on the eye level of the bellagio fountain ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing meal . went with my family after trying the food at cochon 555 event . the restaurant does have great views of the strip . i like the clean design of the restaurant . the service was great . every single person from hostess to maitre d to waiter to bus boys was incredibly attentive and friendly . the food was fantastic . we had the tasting menu . it 's a great deal for $ 85 per person . so much food , you wo n't come out hungry . they 've selected the dishes they are best known for as part of their tasting menu . i love how the first couple courses are paired with another dish that is shared by the table . it feels like you are having 10 dishes ! we also did the wine pairing . very generous pours . my favorite dishes were the short rib agnoletti and home-made pasta . devine meal . definitely will come back and try some other dishes ! scott conant and his team have done a fabulous job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was excellent . i felt that my branzino was just okay i did n't like the bland broth they poured on it . my sister whose birthday we were celebrating took one bite of the duck foie gras ravioli and pushed the plate away did not like the brown sauce on top . a good thing we also ordered an uni truffle pasta so she ate that instead . beef carpaccio appetizer was good . ordered the mushrooms for my side and it was super salty . after a couple bites i 've had enough . a lot of leftovers . would i come back ? yes , but will try something else the only thing i would order again though is the beef carpaccio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply fenomenal ! it was my second time in scarpetta , the first one was in los angeles , a few years ago ! the pici was fantastic , the service too ! my wife asked for the ravioli , and she loved it ! the dessert was superb ! i really recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to go to scarpetta and i was not disappointed . our server was so personable and helpful . he recommended a bottle of wine that went perfectly with our meal . on top of that , when we mentioned how were interested in the wine industry , he went out of his way to write down a couple of documentaries for us to watch . just above and beyond . the heirloom tomato salad is just indescribable . the best salad i 've ever had . i had one of the specials of the night -- pappardelle with burrata and prosciutto in a tomato sauce . so great . i really wanted to try the spaghetti , but my dining partner forgot to share . it was that good . overall , great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my wife here for our 1 year anniversary . it was fantastic ! we 're both vegetarians , and they had a special menu to accommodate us . service was amazing and the view was breath taking . i recommend this restaurant to everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything i hoped and dreamed . our group of 12 was severely hungover from day drinking at encore and most of us were struggling to just eat anything . i personally had to power through each bite just to keep it down but it was so worth it . short rib and risotto app was phenomenal . perfectly cooked risotto and short rib that just melted . but the real star was the spaghetti . i have been dying to try this forever . truly life changing . amazing al dente noodles enveloped in a rich and creamy tomato sauce with fresh basil folded in . it was heaven . i could eat that every day . due to our state of being at the time , dessert was not an option but next time i will be definitely be indulging . ca n't wait to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fantastic dining experience . the staff was attentive an knowledgeable . the view was wonderful and included the vegas skyline , plenty of greenery and the periodic excitement of the bellagio fountain show . the food was memorable from the bread basket to dessert and everything in between . the spaghetti is as good as you 've heard and the creme brulee napoleon was stunning . more accessible and less intimidating menu than some of the other top tier restaurants in las vegas , but the food and service is every bit as good . ca n't miss with scarpetta , i will go back for seconds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant was fantastic . i made a reservation to scarpetta for my boyfriend 's birthday . i requested a table by the window and a surprise birthday dessert . they did not disappoint . i had the best table in the restaurant and they brought out our dessert with a candle and a message . my boyfriend was surprised and absolutely loved the place . the food was delicious ! ! ! it came up out very hot and fresh . the drinks were amazing too . our waiter was super attentive and very courteous and friendly . scarpetta made our romantic dinner absolutely perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mediocre : although good , the $ 24 spaghetti is not really justified by the price . stay away from that chocolate cake . it 's the heaviest , tiniest , piece of chocolate cake i have ever had . it 's good , but way heavy . the better : the short rib with farro risotto . oh so yum ! how can you screw up short ribs ? the out of this world : the panna cotta with guava soup and coconut ice cream . very few desserts i eat are memorable . this one is very memorable . for a panna cotta , this dessert was extremely light and had just a hint of sweetness ( i thought the guava was going to make it super sweet , but it did n't ) . i would come back and eat here just for this dessert . no joke ! our service was great . request a table near one of the windows so you can see the fountain show at bellagio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "once we were shown our table , our server was right behind with the wine list and menu . awesome . my manhattan was made perfectly and my bf 's dirty martini was made just dirty enough . we knew that scarpetta 's known for their homemade pastas so that 's what we focused on - we got the short-rib and bone marrow agnolotti , duck and foie gras ravioli , lamb ragu fettucine and the brussels sprouts as main courses . the brussel sprouts were meh . the lamb ragu was good but the agnolotti and ravioli were amazing ! had the grilled dover scallops for and appetizer and they were awesome and the bombalini with nutella were phenomenal . we were seated by the windows where you could watch the bellagio water show so that made the meal even more special .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i die , my heaven will include a daily dining experience at scarpetta . my boyfriend and i absolutely loved every minute . when i come back to vegas , i will be returning to this restaurant and having the exact same meal . the scallop appetizer was perfectly paired with the foie gras ; the beets and burrata appetizer had elements of sweet , savory , and sour ( provided by the vinegarette ) . but my favorite part of the meal was the simple , fresh spaghetti . so divine . the fresh ingredients and pasta sings in every bite . i would eat this for breakfast lunch and dinner if i could . panna cotta and bananas foster souffle to finish . we left stuffed and happy . ready to take on vegas ! ! there is a gorgeous side view of the bellagio fountains . however , there is a large bar that extends the entire window so it perfectly blocks your view if you sit beside the window . why the designer would not just put floor to ceiling windows , thereby providing an uninterrupted view is beyond me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate there last night with our friends , and we loved everything . without getting into specifics , some highlights were the short rib angolotti and the raviolini . the tomato basil pasta is not to be missed . service was excellent as was the ambiance . this place is not to be missed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous restaurant in the cosmopolitan . cocktails , food and desserts ... stellar . ask for a table by the window .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even better the second time around , had the prix fixe menu again . our waiter mike was outstanding and really added to the great dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the view and ambience says it all . the impeccable service to exceed expectations of a nice , memorable , romantic dinner is absolutely the best . the dessert menu definitely gives that amusingly delightful smile after the initial to the final bite of soothing silky smoothness of that caramel sea salt dreamy pudding . then the pastry chef 's delectable dessert of the night ... absurdly decadent . this establishment is a `` must revisit , '' type of place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i debated giving this place one star due to the terrible customer service we received throughout the entire meal , but the quality of the food made me up my rating to two stars . everything we ate was really good , but the service was terrible . we could never get the waiters attention for anything we needed . maybe it was because we were part of a big group , and the gratuity was included , but we had to flag someone down to order , we received the wrong dishes and drinks , charged us for a dessert for a birthday . who does that ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am a las vegas local and on a tuesday night during the `` magic '' convention , it was my girlfriends birthday . i was unable to get a reservation for her birthday . i went and spoke with the manager , kelly , who said she would do whatever she could to help me out . when we arrived at the restaurant she said she would see what she could do . we grabbed a drink at the bar and 10 minutes later we were told our table was ready . i was expecting the small corner in the table , but was pleasantly surprised when we were seated at probably the best table in the restaurant . the last table right next to the window which gave us an incredible view of the bellagio fountains . titus our waiter was excellent ! the food was incredible as always ! the night turned out amazing all because of kelly . great manager ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as good an experience as you can have in a restaurant . all of the food was incredible , especially the octopus and the spaghetti .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best bread basket . the best pasta . the best dirty martini . there is nothing to complain about here . i went here twice . it is that amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , so so food . their menus are ridiculous . they try too hard . stick to good ingredients and execution . like many things in vegas , their restaurant is more showy than tasty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's good food , no doubt about that . but browse the menu before dining so you 're not surprised by some of the prices . variety of complimentary breads and butters jams oils . pasta is made fresh , so be patient for your meal . i was disappointed at first with them only having one vegetarian option ( spaghetti ) but it was great so i 'm glad it worked out . i 'm sure if i told them my food choice concern , they would have offered to make substitutions but i just did n't want to go through the drama that night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant has a nice elevated view of the bellagio fountains so try to get one of the tables that take advantage of this . the bread basket they bring to the table was very good - many varieties . the buratta salad and branzino were also very good . the other 3 people at the table also enjoyed their appetizers and main courses . i had tastes of the pasta special ( boar ) and the short rib agnolotti which were both very good . the table shared a variety of desserts which were all excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great , but for the sparce seating , the service was lacking a bit . it seems the rest on their reputation , rather than catering to each guest 's needs . the music was way too loud for dinner conversation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a top notch dinner at scarpetta while enjoying the wonderful view of the bellagio water show . the fresh , warm bread basket with a delicious assortment was only a teaser of the wonderful meal to come . the service was excellent , great detail . our wine choice-a meursault went very well with our meal . for our appetizers : tuna 'susci ' marinated vegetables & preserved truffles -never had fresher tuna , creamy polenta fricassee of truffled mushrooms- just perfect , creamy and the fricassee was richly flavorful . entrees : mediterranean branzino shrimp , clams , mussels & celery root - crispy and sophisticated yet simply delicious short rib agnolotti brown butter horseradish & toasted breadcrumbs- perfect dessert : strawberry souffle rhubarb compote & vanilla gelato-so light and satisfying , absolutely no sharing of this dessert . my only disappointment was a side of the fingerling potatoes . they were n't bad but did n't live up to the level of the other dishes we had . we are pleased to learn that they have a scarpetta in nyc . this restaurant warrants many more visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes . i am back again . they should start a loyalty program ! we ordered : 1 ) fritto misto : lacked seasoning and portion was too small for $ 18 . will pass next time . 2 ) polenta with trumpet mushroom : still amazing and love how they portion the food into two sets 3 ) basil and tomato spaghetti : i like this dish a lot and skipped the meatballs this time 4 ) pici but replaced the standard pasta with the tagliatelle . it was perfect . service excellent and loved bread basket . i wish there were some new items after coming here so many times in the last 2 years . but will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had high expectation for this place since it 's scott conant 's place ( watching him being so critical of others cooking ) , but dining experience with the waiter from hell and cold food leaves a bad taste all together.. big disappointment..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have eaten at scarpetta in new york and miami many times and it was simply fantastic . they let us down this time . pasta was n't cooked very well . the short rib agnolotti that we had in nyc might have been the best thing we have ever eaten . here it was just ok . filling was coming out of pasta and it was very chewy . hopefully they get it fixed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the fois gras ravioli are as good as they sound . the ambience is a bit strange , but the food more than makes up for it and the service is very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great meal with excellent service . food : bread basket was great ! we shared the polenta with mushrooms - so good ! cavatelli with wild boar rag\u00fa - hubby liked short rib angliotti - really tasty chocolate cake hubby said it 's one of the best he 's had - perfect temperature panettone - very good . service was on point . we never needed anything . we 'd definitely return . i 'd like to try the regular tomato basil dish . the best part was meeting the owner , scott conant ! boy was i star-struck . he was very kind gracious to allow me to interrupt his meal . he offered to have his picture taken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was yummy . we had the steak tartare and the sirloin special . they must have killed the cow in the kitchen as soon as we ordered because it was fresh . we ordered medium rare and it was succulent , juicy , and orgasmic . but perhaps the best part of the dining experience ( aside from my date ) would be the staff . the staff truly makes the dining experience and we felt utterly pampered . honestly , they would have fed us by hand had we asked . the dinner bread was fantastic . i totally nom nom 'd on a lot of carbs tonight . thank you christian and the staff tonight for a wonderful dining experience . we will most certainly return : ) : ) : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were n't looking for a very high end place to dine ... just something average so i guess this place is ok ? i still had higher hope then what i actually get ... but the $ $ $ is reasonable so i have no complain . we tried the duck and foie gras ravioli that everyone is talking about ... it 's ok ... also the black cod ... which was ok too ... the bread was pretty good w the three different kinds of dips they have ... desert was what i liked the most ... the napoleon and panna cotta were both amazing ... service was not good at all though . our waiter was n't attentive at all and many times that we had to wave him to order , get more water , or even asked for bread . and no , the restaurant was n't busy ! oh well , at least i tried .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , great service and great food . who could ask for more ? and we did n't even have any of chef scott conant 's famous pasta . if so , this would probably be the first 6-star rating on yelp . not cheap but definitely worth the money . an experience i would gladly do over and over again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i still dream about this place . my boyfriend and i came here one evening in october for dinner . it was probably the best meal i have had in vegas . thankfully he made a reservation before , so we got seated with no problems . we were seated close to the window that overlooked the bellagio fountains . such a pretty sight ! for dinner , i got the short rib & bone marrow agnolotti . it was heaven on earth ! such a fresh and flavorful dish . and it was perfectly portioned ! i do n't remember the names of any of the drinks , but they were delicious and had fresh fruit as well ! the service was n't the best , and the set-up seemed a bit cramped , but amazing food and ambiance ! i 'll hopefully be back when i am in vegas again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good location , ( can see well bellagio water show from window side ) and good staff , good service . wine also good . but a meal is not for me , not well bread . most food feel taste oily , take wife or girl friend and just eat appetizer and drink wine , thats it . i will never come back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "scarpetta has amazing food and is in a great location with nice views . the yellowtail and polenta appetizers were both delicious with the yellowtail being slightly better . the short rib agnolloti and the duck and foie gras ravioli were two amazing pastas that are very unique to the restaurant . the entrees did not live up to the first two courses but the baby goat was satisfying . i would n't recommend the halibut . the head chef scott conant was in the restaurant which is very rare for vegas . when you head to this restaurant stick mostly with the pastas and appetizers and you will have a unique and enjoyable dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , but the food was far below our expectations . the bread basket was great , my personal favorite was the salami infused slices . as far as the meals go , my date ordered the the creamy polenta as her appetizer and she seemed to enjoy it . i opted for the short rib agnolotti as my main dish and the pasta was loaded with raw minced horseradish which flat out overpowered the whole dish with almost every bite . and i love spicy food , but it would took my breath away with almost every bite , so it was far too much for my liking . you would have to absolutely love horseradish to even enjoy this dish . my date ordered the risotto with vegetables from the vegetarian menu which was just mixed diced vegetables . the dish came out at room temperature and did not taste good at all , so the order was sent back . i will not be returning to scarpetta , nor will i ever recommend it to anyone i know .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in on sat night and felt like i was in rome the food was that good . wow ! tremendous experience . the service is probably the best we 've had in vegas , they 're that talented . and the pasta is really that good ! i strongly recommend it here . mario the gm came over to see how our meal was which shows how caring their team is . i noticed as walking out they have a really nice private dinning room for special partys that faces the water show at belligiao ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is wonderful here . i came with a few friends on our vegas vacation and was super surprise . the fettuccini with veal is my recommendation as well as their cauliflower soup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was there two weeks ago with some friends and we decided to have italian before heading out to marquee that night . food was okay , not really that great . ordered a steak ( $ 55 or so ) and it was pretty tiny . ordered another plate of a pasta and it was n't that good . the sauce tasted bitter to me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the view -- -- gorgeous . the setting , intimate , modern , subdued . the service , perfect . the food , nothing too surprising- good enough a quality , on par with my expectations , but did n't exceed it . again though , the restaurant itself was so peaceful and powerfully refined , and this was itself a good enough reason for us , because its hard to find peace in vegas . whats nice about the restaurants at cosmopolitan is each has its own character . and so depending on your mood , you can dial in what you prefer . if you stay at the hotel , everything is a breeze too coz their reservation line is all connected into your tv . fancy . the cosmo has it up there with selection of good restaurants . you do have to pay for it , of course . thats cosmo . its $ $ $ , but they do it well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scarpetta 's food was awesome . we were there for a buddy 's 30th birthday party , and didnt want to involve ourselves in much other than enjoying our time . we asked the server to bring food for our group and let him know we trusted his recommendation , and it worked out perfectly as he knew the right mix of pastas to bring out to us so we could recharge our batteries for the night . we had a reservation and were in and out of the restaurant within an hour and a half- exactly what we needed with a 10:30pm dinner . overall , this place comes highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had our tiny rehearsal dinner here in the private room with a lovely view of the bellagio fountains . everyone i interacted with prior to dining and throughout our actual dinner was extremely kind and accomodating . our menu was selected in advance and consisted of 4 spectacular courses all served family style except for the entrees : small shared plates ( scallops , shortribs , apple endive blue cheese salad ) , 3 pastas ( short rib bone marrow agnolotti , and another raviloi i forgot about bc i was drooling over the agnolotti ) , entrees ( organic chicken , black cod , or ny strip steak ) and dessert was these nutella filled doughnut holes rolled in sugar w a side of banana gelato , chocolate cake and cheesecake . everything was delicious but if i had to pick one of each it 'd be the short rib appetizer , the short rib bone marrow agnolotti , the chicken and the nutella balls . go here if you have the opportunity ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed a 20 person set menu dinner . scallops , beet salad ( goat cheese yum ) and ravioli were delightful . filet did not compare to previous night 's red meat but was still fine . should have sat on the other side of the table so that i could have enjoyed a strip view during the 3+ hr meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ate here for valentine 's day last year and loved it . part of the dining room has a view of the bellagio fountains and made the evening a little more special . no problems with any staff and the whole restaurant seemed to operate very smoothly even though the restaurant was packed for the holiday . everything we ordered was fabulous and we really enjoyed ourselves . this was a fun and intimate dinner and i 'd definitely go back here another time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! really superb . i enjoyed a lovely glass of cabernet as i waited for my short rib agnolotti . i was staying at the cosmo and wanted to dine on my balcony , so i ordered carry out . this meal was absolutely amazing ... delicate and flavorful pasta , served with a selection of delicious breads . i can not wait to visit again to enjoy this lovely meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to scarpetta lv 3 times so far . great bread basket , `` more stromboli please ! '' recommend the spaghetti . which is strange because i never order spaghetti when dining out , this ones special though . black tagliolini was delicious and some pasta filled with short ribs , i forget the name of it but it 's different and probably is n't like anything you 've had before . order and share the dry aged sirloin to accompany your pasta . it 's a perfect fit , especially with the spaghetti . dessert ? skip it . had em all and not one i would order again , and by this point you 'll have spent enough money . thought about giving scarpetta 3 stars , not because of food but because of price , e.g . `` the handmade in house pasta '' spaghetti is $ 24 . but i had to take into consideration of the convenience of being located on the strip and that location with it 's great fountain views cost money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it . simply elegant food that is cooked to perfection . we were lucky to get good seats next to the window that overlooks the bellagio fountain that made the meal extra special . the servers were numerous . we had a different person for almost every type of service ; one guy who pours the water , another who seats you , another who takes your order , another who brings out the dish . it was very fun to get pampered . we split the spaghetti and ordered mushrooms and brocollini as sides . the noodles were cooked perfectly and the tomato sauce is creamy with great flavors . really a satisfying meal despite it 's simplicity . the sides are as amazing as the main dish if not more ! again , we did n't order anything too exciting but the flavors are spot on . will definitely come again and look forward to having the same dishes all over again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very excited to dine here and left feeling like i 'd had a really good , not necessarily memorable meal . the best part was the gluten-free menu ; that is always easier than `` i do n't know , let me check with the kitchen. '' . we were seated next to the bus station in spite of having a reservation , and there was a table by the window open the entire time we were there . the service was excellent , attentive , not obtrusive . wines by the glass were good , but as another reviewer mentioned , overpriced . the food was very good . i had the spaghetti with tomatoes and basil , which many reviews mentioned as `` amazing '' . i have a very similar recipe at home that i enjoy equally . the creamy polenta with mushrooms was a great starter . everyone else enjoyed their meals . my husband ordered a flourless chocolate cake , which he practically inhaled . there were closed eyes and moans of pleasure with each bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spanish baby octopus . grilled white corn soup w blue crab . heirloom tomato salad . pici pasta . black fettuccini . deliciouso ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such an average meal ... i ca n't see what all the raving is about ... ... the food was just ok with the exception of the polenta . ..this was the highlight of the meal , but an app should n't be the best item of the night ... ..the bread people were raving about , eh ... nothing special except for the mascarpone spread ... .the spaghetti was just alright . ... ... yes the noodles were homemade and thicker than the average spaghetti noodle , which i liked ... ... however the sauce , what a let down ... .boring , bland uneventful ... ... i was able to try pici , it did n't blow my hair back ... .i did n't bother with dessert because what was the point ... ... ... .on a side note the tables are way to close to each other , not easy to enjoy a romantic meal when you can hear the details of 3 different conversations ... ..sorry not a fan", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if the cosmopolitan hotel was n't amazing enough ... this restaurant was great . the duck and foie gras ravioli was amazing . the service was excellent and the view of the bellagio water fountain was grand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since i ca n't have access to foie gras anymore in california , it was a no brainer i would order the duck & foie gras ravioli in vegas ... .and an excellent choice i made . the portions looked small but it does fill you up . the beef tartare was also pretty amazing ! great cozy ambiance in the beautiful cosmopolitan hotel . i would definitely come back ... ..after my wedding of course .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow this place was really good . as much as i love trying restaurants that they dont already have in la ( pretty new ) , id heard about scarpetta when i was visiting ny so we decided to check it out . i had the duck & foie gras ravioli which ws delicious ! a real winner ! they were so flavorful that even john ( notorious for his 5 minute meals ) was forced to eat slowwwly . i also ordered the sea scallops- so juicy ! & the veal was alright , nothing to write home about . i wish i had known to request the table with the views of the fountain ! we were sitting by the wall , but that was ok . i would definitely come back , this place is one of the better restaurants in lv at its price point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "short rib marrow stuffed tiny ravioli 's = ridiculously good . spaghetti with marinara and basil = amazing ; perfectly al dente . strawberry souffl\u00e9 maybe one of the best deserts i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service , food and attentive servers ! it 's a trendy quiet place . great place to enjoy dinner with a view of the bellagio across the street . dessert -- -- so beautifully made .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down amazing ! had the 7 course tasting menu ( $ 110 per person ) everything was outstanding except the fish was . . way to fishy , but they immediately substituted it with an additional pasta and glass of wine.. be ready to relax , enjoy and be treated like you are an appreciated customer ! we wanted to just sit back and enjoy our evening and that is exactly what we did ! never once did we feel rushed , the staff checked on us and asked us when we wanted the next course unlike some places that just being it out before you are ready . i cant say enough about this place and tell everyone that is looking for an awesome meal to go to scarpettas . .. ( i should be getting a referral fee ! lol )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great fine dining ! love the atmosphere ! was here was my husband and did a full tasting with wine pairing and to my surprise portions by the time you hit the 4th course it was definitely filling ! had a romantic table overlooking the bellagio so it was really nice ! it 's pricey but well worth it ! came back again with just my 8 year old daughter for mommy and me getaway and my little one has a fine palette ! the best thing still is their spaghetti ! service is always good but regardless you repaying to be a a fine dining place and atmosphere . we also stayed at the cosmo and ll their rest is to only convenient but all delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was wonderful ! the somm was a great guy , very personable and connected with all the tables . i highly recommend checking this place out . amazing cauliflower rabbit soup . awesome pasta . well done , i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came for my birthday dinner on the 16th of january with a large group and it was amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! i can stop talking about the cocktails , the entrees , the pasta , the duck , and the desserts . the service was outstanding . this has now become my go to restaurant in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a restaurant cater to my needs the way this one did . i 'm vegan and i was with a large group of people . when i told the waiter , he informed the chef , who , in turn , made these vegan dishes that were great . in addition , the people were very nice here . love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with hundreds of restaurants lining the strip , choosing one for dinner is no easy task . scarpetta is one i will recommend over and over again . everything from the wine to the ambiance to the food was fantastic , absolutely zero complaints from our group of 4 . they have a great location in the cosmopolitan overlooking the bellagio fountains , request a seat by the windows for a great view . their pastas are all homemade and delicious and i highly recommend making room for a couple of those if you can , but whatever you choose you really ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! customized everything we requested , very friendly staff , and the vegetarian options were incredible . i had the creamy polenta as a dinner option and was blown away . david had the fois gras duck ravioli and was so happy ! will definitely come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another excellent choice at the cosmopolitan in vegas . we sampled several pastas and appetizers . the short rib agnolotti , pesto penne and the ravioli a were all great choices . the halibut and petit filet of beef were the best entrees . the chocolate cake with almond ice cream was the most popular dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the most amazing time here ! while in vegas , for my bachelorette party , we called the day of for reservations and they were able to accommodate . they even sat us in a private room in the back of the restaurant with views of the bellagio fountains . our waiter was fantastic ! he recommended the best wine and had great suggestions for food . everything came out timely and he made sure our glasses were full . after dinner , they brought out a desert plate that had `` congratulations '' written on it . above and beyond ! going to mora italian in phoenix next week , also owned by scott conant , and i can not wait ! thanks for such an unforgettable dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome location , try to get a window seat.. nice view of bellagio and cesar 's . food was great , service was better . would definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the view if you can sit near a window is spectacular - so fun to watch the bellagio fountains . the food is incredible , just a bit pricey . if you 're willing to spend more , it 's totally worth it though . we loved the polenta , spaghetti ( really is the best i 've ever had ) , and beef filet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having the spaghetti tomato basil here now and it just feels like i 'm eating the mona lisa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chef conant is truly a culinary star . the polenta shows that he means business . so often polenta and risotto are served with poor preparation because the average person ca n't tell the difference . at scarpetta , they are perfect , as is the homemade pasta .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our second trip to scarpetta , and i ca n't deny anymore - i am in love . how could you not love a restaurant that never says no ? just get a bite to eat in the bar ? no problem more bread ? no problem split plates , take a look at the dining room , what 's in this cocktail , table by the window ... all no problem . the food and cocktails are all executed perfectly . next time i 'm in maybe i 'll pop the question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hosted our wedding reception dinner here after we got married in the wedding suite on the 36th floor . we had a four course meal with the scallops , braised short ribs , yellowtail , foie gras ravioli , spaghetti , mediterranean orata , black cod , ny steak , and a bunch of desserts . our custom wedding cake with vanilla and chocolate marble cake with peanut buttercream was the most amazing cake i have ever had in my life ( our guests said the same thing ) . it was well worth the price , as our guests kept raving about the food and how it was the best meal they ever had . we look forward to returning on our one-year anniversary !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love scarpetta ! especially their branzeno with a fish broth and crispy skin ! it 's a shame they changed the way this dish is prepared . their ambiance and decor is beautiful . service is always great as well . their polenta and mushrooms is a must try dish . i will be back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price i am not impressed with the service . i like to be honest in my reviews and i honestly feel that for the price we are paying for fine dining . we were seated and waited 15 minutes to get our menus . food took forever to get : ( food finally came and was definitely a 4 out of 5 but i have to drop the rating due to the poor service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here based on yelp reviews . the food was delicious . the service , not so much . homemade pasta melts in your mouth . thumbs up on the short rib pasta . unfortunately , roberto , our server , was not very attentive to us once the food came . had to flag down a bus boy to get our check . decided not to give him any more business . went across the street to mon ami gabi for my favorite bananas foster . ordered but never received my cappuccino . guess it was n't our night for good service . that is a discussion unto itself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here with my wife for a getaway from la . food 5 5 ambiance 5 5 service 5 5 my friends and family thought its weird that i like this particular restaurant so much , but i really do ! there is nothing like overlooking the fountains of bellagio and having a romantic meal with the woman i love . made me feel like a millionaire ( although i 'm not ... yet ) . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was absolutely delicious ! we got the lobster pasta with pesto , the scallops and yellow tail . everything was great , and so was the service . i will definitely come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg omg omg ! if you 're in vegas you have to , must go ! eat at scarpetta words ca n't describe the yumminess of it all . all their pastas were perfectly al dente . foie raviolis were my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! went her for my girlfriend 's birthday and was delicious ! i had their aged sirloin of beef rare as possible for $ 36 and the spaghetti tomatoes with basil is to die for here . service and atmosphere was perfect . ca n't want to go here again . =d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i almost filled myself up with their pepperoni and cheese bread . simply amazing . since it 's complimentary , it 's easy to go crazy on them without ordering an entree . but who would be foolish enough to do that ? the service here is what you would expect of a nice fancy restaurant . there 's never a moment where my water was empty . the waiters will give you a great recommendation for wines to pair with your meals . since you 're already at a nice restaurant , you might as well have some wine with your meal . if you 're not an alcoholic , now is the time to start !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am forced to drop the star rating from 4 to a 3 because of the lack of consistency , which is a factor at high end restaurants . their spaghetti over this past weekend was terrible . in fact , i actually returned the first batch . it was watery and the noodles were overcooked and broken . the second batch was only slightly better but definitely not the same in flavor , texture and consistency that i experienced in miami and again in vegas last fall . it 's still excellent service and probably the prettiest and fanciest restaurant at the cosmo . they will always hold that title .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my great friend was moving the australia so i decided to take her to a nice dinner as her 'going away gift ' . i figured it was more practical than something she would have to pack , lol . we both order some drinks , which were quite strong ; i was pleased ! we decided to split the endive and apple salad . it was so flavorful and the heirloom beets melted in my mouth . it was the perfect size as i was looking forward to my main course : truffle ravioli ( i do not recall the real name of the dish ! ) . i love truffles and it was like eating something little angels made . i was so happy ! we were too full for dessert but the waiter still brought us some petits fours ( complements of the chef ) . the food was simply amazing , every bite was so delectable ! we also had a view of the bellagio fountains show and that was very beautiful ! i can not wait to frequent scarpetta again ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went her in las vegas during there happy hour . the food was pretty yum . the food and drying are 7 bucks each . regularly this place is pretty prices so happy hour was a great option for us . my fav was the pork belly but there is a different options like duck foie ravioli . if you go enjoy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food . the spaghetti was pretty good but i would n't consider it a meal . hubby got the veal which he said was pretty good . probably not a restaurant we 'd visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything about this restaurant is amazing ! we had an amazing view , the food was fantastic , and the staff , were all very helpful and friendly . the chef , chef dave even came out to see how we enjoyed the food . i 've never met such a great chef ! i will make sure to come here again next time i make a trip to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to go to a nice italian dinner for my 21st and happened to stumble upon scarpetta and i 'm so happy i did . everyone in the restaurant was so attentive and helpful and our server roberto went above and beyond . all of our dishes were amazing and the perfect portion . i recommend the spicy lobster pesto pasta ! so good . can not wait to come back here for my next trip to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow this restaurant is amazing . atmosphere is chill with great music playing . our waitir was so sweet and told great stories . my wine was fantastic and omg the food is out of this world ! try the farmers salad , corn soup and the carrots ! highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i dined here and really enjoyed the experience . while we were n't seated near the window , we could still see the fountain and a lot of the view of the strip . the staff was friendly and accommodating and the food was delicious . i highly recommend the foie gras ravioli , and any of the house made pasta for that matter . one recommendation would be to make reservations as early as possible as the restaurant appears to be very popular and is relatively small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food , and ambience . the restaurant is very elegant , and was very quiet during our visit . the service was awesome . highly recommend the duck breast . the mascarpone cheesecake might be the most delicious thing i have ever eaten . we 're going to go back just for that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great dining experience at scarpetta last night but almost missed it . tried to make an 8pm reservation on open table but were shown closest time available was 9:30pm . called the restaurant directly to see what could be done and was told no problem come at 8pm . restaurant was barley half full at 8pm so call directly . meal and staff were incredible . option to add shaved white truffles a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly enjoyed dinner here with a few old friends i had n't seen in a while ! our waiter roberto was patient with us as we were so busy catching up we took a long time to look at the menu and order . service was on point , professional , friendly , informative and unobtrusive . every dish we tried was amazing ! my favorites were the buratta salad and truffle sheep milk ravioli ! my friends were speechless when they tried the short ribs with farro . the wine sommelier paulo was very attentive and fun to talk to . managers mario and kelly both stopped by the table to check on us and make sure every thing was perfect- which it was . save room for dessert ! the cheesecake was the best i have ever had ! highly recommend scarpetto and ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool place with great food but terrible service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lobster picci unlike anything i 've had . pesto pasta fresh and so tasteful . lobster topped on pasta was more than i expected . cauliflower soup so good . ambience of the place is very upscale , romantic . my cousins got the spagetti which is well known even amongst the locals . prices obviously high , but well worth the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this restaurant , we were a party of 5 and we each ordered something different : spaghetti with tomato & basil , polenta , fetuccini with lamb & rapini , filet mignon , and the lamb , it was all great and we all left very happy and satisfied . although the entrees were great , i could not get enough of their fabulous bread ( specifically the stuffed bread ) which i used for my own scarpetta , my plate was wiped clean . i will definitely visit the location in la where i live , ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service- the service was nice when it was existent . it took 30 40 mins for a glass of water and wine and then another 40 for our food . dinner took way to long . the server kinda made up for it towards the end after we pointed it out . food- the dishes are very hit and miss . some are good and others are very basic for their price point . overall very unimpressed for the cost of this placed ambiance- beautiful very dim and romantic", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was good ! went with 4 girlfriends last night , and all were pleased . the ambiance was nice and the service was great ! it was really what set the experience apart from lesser fine-dining options , as opposed to the food . the duck foie gras ravioli was definitely the star at our table . two people ordered the spaghetti , which i tried . it was definitely tasty , but not hype-worthy . other dishes hit the table- the scallop and short rib appetizers are small , and the short rib was n't amazing . i did n't try a scallop . i had the jidori chicken ( because i never order chicken and saw another review that insisted ) . very good ! recommended generally .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have to say quite disappointed for fine dining . service was good , just way to rush in sending out the courses . had a tasting menu with wine pairing . have to say price is not expensive , but food was not the best . especially signature dishes as spaghetti and duck breast . the spaghetti is like random home made tv dinner . noodle was too thick . duck breast is way over cooked . expect a bit more from cosmopolitan fine dining . for usd 250 per person , the package should be a bit better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well rounded menu service felt rushed with little explanation of dishes . good presentation ( plates ) auxiliary staff could use some polishing however .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after having a great experience at d.o.c.g. , i will really excited to dine at scarpetta . however , i walked away a bit underwhelmed by the food . but the view of the bellagio fountains at sundown was fantastic and the service was the best i have had anywhere . we had half a dozen oysters to start with , duck foie gras ravioli , and truffled pasta . the first bite was very good but after that everything was very one-noted and boring . taste buds were not enthused by the end of dinner . while the staff was very good the service can get slow . we almost missed our 10:30pm show as we were at dinner for over 2 hours . my only regret is that i should have tried the spaghetti !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious . we did n't have reservations , so we ended up sitting in one of the booths in the bar , so we missed out on the views that people are speaking of , but there was a full menu there and we did n't feel like waiting for a table . my husband and i both had the pici and it was the best pasta i have ever had in my life . homemade pasta , cooked perfectly and while it was spicy , the spice did n't take over the dish and take away from the flavor . it had huge chunks of lobster in it and was well worth the money . bread was delicious as well , along with the eggplant spread .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to scarpetta on our recent anniversary trip . it was amazing ! we started out with the scallops appetizer and it was great , delicious and cooked perfectly . my husband had the spaghetti and i had the stracci . both dishes were delicious . we ended the night with a gingerbread pear crisp with cinnamon ice cream . everything had was great . to make the night even better , the service was the best we could ask for . our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable . we will definitely be back when we go to vegas again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cold food , did n't deliver entrees at the same time , indifferent attitude . quality of food was good , but lack of service to match makes this a nonstarter compared to other choices in town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this cute , italian restaurant is located at the cosmopolitan . we came here for a friend 's birthday dinner and had a great service . we got free bread ( take full advantage ) and it was delicious ! they have a good options for their main entrees . since i am a vegetarian , i was going to stick with the usual and get a salad . the waiter then told me they have a separate vegetarian menu which made even more happier . you can see the fountains at bellagio from this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an incredible restaurant . definitely come here when you come to vegas . i sampled the entire menu and there was not a single dish that was n't incredible . the staff is friendly and curious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "romantic space with great view . i had the duck foie gras ravioli , which was quite good . tasted a lot like beef stroganoff . i do n't drink , so i asked for the bartender to make me something non alcoholic that was fruity & sweet . not sure exactly what it was , but it was quite tasty . the chocolate cake did not meet expectations though . it was dry & not sweet enough . my husband & i did not finish it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very romantic atmosphere , great food , excellent service ! i had the polenta which i did n't want to stop eating . i also had the spaghetti and i do n't know how some people gave it bad reviews . i would come again just for the spaghetti , it was perfect . my husband had the fois gras and said it was the best he 's had , as well as the halibut . for dessert we finished with the nutella bomboloni , yum ! the view of the bellagio fountains was a nice addition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steak and pasta were flawless . wine recommendation was spot on . you will drop a few bills here , but the quality of the food delivers the value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i won this 5-team parlay and decided to treat my parents to a nice dinner and we were all in the mood for pasta . this was my first time being introduced to a scott conant restaurant and was certainly not disappointed . i ca n't even tell you how many dishes we ordered but we had to go big ! black tagliolini , prime filet , veal chop , duck and foie gras ravioli , mushrooms , broccolini , polenta and of course the spaghetti . to be completely honest with you the dishes were all solid . nothing wrong with any of them . however , the humble spaghetti , boring as it may look and sound , stole the show entirely . it was so good it made me regret ordering the tagliolini and all the apps when i could 've gotten two of the spaghettis ! if you come on a date night i highly recommend each of you ordering another main and then ordering the spaghetti to share so you can get a good variety of dishes while also being able to enjoy scarpetta 's best dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal . i was concerned that the famed $ 24 spaghetti would be over-hyped , but it was amazing . i dined at b & b the night before , and was disappointed that they pointed me towards the veggie sides to make my 'entree ' . scarpetta has a whole menu dedicated to vegetarians - a touch especially appreciated on the strip . i booked on opentable , specifying that i was veg and that we had a 7pm show to get to ( the restaurant opens at 5:30pm ) . they had us in and out at lightening speed , and the food was fantastic . do not miss the mushroom polenta - truffles , vegetable stock , creamy polenta.. the dish is fantastic . the sommelier made excellent recommendations based off of our meal choices . my meat-eating dad loved the salami bread . i was even more enamored by the fact they brought out a separate ( meat-free ) basket for me to indulge on . best meal in vegas , with fabulous service to boot . it does n't hurt that you have a great view of the bellagio water fountains , either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so so so good ! we started out with the bread basket and polenta . the bread was delicious- i almost filled up on just that ! the polenta was different for me , but i am happy i tried it . for our main courses we tried the pork chop , veal chop , duck breast , and spaghetti . i ca n't stop talking about the pork chop ! so much flavor ! definitely my favorite out of the four dishes . the spaghetti is such a simple dish- but a classic and they made it perfectly . the veal was very tender and my husband loved it . i think out of the four dishes , the duck was everyone 's least favorite . we had to try dessert so we went with the cheesecake and chocolate cake- both amazing . our waitress was very knowledgeable and friendly , the service was awesome . highly recommend and we 'll for sure be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place . it has a very sleek and modern feel . if you can sit by the window with a view of the bellagio fountains , it 's an added bonus . the market salad was amazing and unlike anything i 've ever had before . the house made tomato , basil and mozzarella past was also amazing . honestly , the real star may have actually been the bread basket though . there were four kinds , and they were all delicious . we also had the veal , but compared to the other things we ordered , it was the least exciting part of the meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and amazing service . the scallop appetizer was amazing and the spaghetti is the best i 've had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta is located in the cosmopolitan in vegas . my wife and i went to see celine dion ( amazing btw ) and headed here for dinner . as per usual in vegas we were late after the show ( over 30 min ) however they accommodated us very quickly on the windows over looking the the fountains at bellagio . the food was good , italian , small plates . the desert was good and they had a good wine list . pricy however it 's vegas . i would recommend this place next time you are in vegas , great staff and great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here when visiting the cosmopolitan and we were not disappointed . there were four of us and we all shared our entrees and desserts . dishes : fois gras and duck pasta- ok but nothing special short rib pasta- good but again , nothing special spaghetti with tomato and basil- amazing , truly a signature dish , i wish i could have had 3 of these ! octopus app- tasty but i 've had better ( mainly b & b also in vegas ) desserts : panna cotta- i do n't even love coconut but this was awesome ! fresh fruit yum strawberry shortcake- deconstructed and so so very delicious nutella & vanilla bomboloni - awesome , highly recommended the spaghetti and desserts were the highlight of our meal . for vegas , it was n't a terribly expensive meal so we would go back for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best in terms of quality and service . excellent food and awesome wine list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im giving one star for the decor , one for the delicious spaghetti and one for the service . i 'm being generous with the third star . we ordered the halibut ( over cooked and kind of bland for my tastebuds ) burrata ( good ) , mushrooms ( dry , hard , tasteless with bits of dirt granules ) , the spaghetti ( very delicious ) and the nutella donut balls ( ok ) . but i would n't go back just for the spaghetti .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thomas keller needs to eat here . why ? when keller was contemplating opening a restaurant in vegas , he refused to consider putting up a branch of the french laundry there because , in his opinion , vegas was too informal and boisterous for an experience which intended to be intensely focused and all-encompassing . scarpetta , however , proves that this idea is outdated . this is a restaurant , located right in the center of the action on the las vegas strip which , despite the non-ending commotion , offers an experience in which the diner is able to enjoy the entirety of a meal without nary a distraction . las vegas , instead of detracting from the experience of a fine meal , is now enhancing it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentically italian food with a modern twist in an understated , elegant and comfortable dining room . the restaurant was happening on a saturday night but there 's enough space between tables that we still had a feeling of intimacy . everything was perfectly cooked in perfect combinations of ingredients . we had two starters : braised short ribs and brussel sprouts . we shared a pasta chocked full of lots of different vegetables . it had a very earthy flavor and flavors only achieved from patiently creating a reduction . the two entrees of lamb and black cod again featured flavors from painstaking attention and time in the kitchen . our waiter , although busy , was attentive , friendly and professional . very nice meal and i love being a little overstuffed ( that 's why no dessert ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "made a reservation three weeks before dining here and requested a table with a view of the bellagio fountain . we came 15 minutes early and we 're seated away from the window . i noticed an open table next to the window and requested to be moved there . the hostess informed us that the table was not ready and that it was already reserved . really ? sure ... bad start to the evening . ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a late dinner on 12 3 ( 10pm ) . we were greeted and seated right away . the restaurant is tucked away , but had a great view of the bellagio fountain show . service was great . their wine is is fair . they had a couple of choices for 1 2 bottle pinot noir at a decent price . oysters- the kumamotos ( sp ? ) were pretty good . they came with a vinaigrette added already creamy polenta- very good . short ribs agnolotti- the best dish of the night . loved the hint of horseradish amid the butter sauce spagetti- a tad on the bland side . but liked the home made pasta . creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e- not your typical creme brulee . this was a deconstructed version and was `` interesting '' . probably would n't get it again . all in all , a good meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so had an excellent experience here over a year ago , so came back with my brother and his wife expecting the same thing . service : excellent , they were on it and very helpful view : excellent food : so complete mixed bag ... got the lobster appetizer ... it was adequate , but really not terribly good and really not worth the price bread basket was great aged steak ... complete waste of money . it was n't ruined , but ive gotten similar or better steaks at mom and pop shops for 1 5 the price ... not terribly good and really overpriced ... cooked fine spaghetti and basil - still a rock star dish , even though its pretty plain i am less than impressed than anything beyond the most basic dish is pretty mediocre , probably wouldnt recommend unless i only suggested the spaghetti and basil", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh , food is pretty average . not to mention they were closed by the health department at one point in time . pretty disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we visited this restaurant on our last night in vegas . the restaurant decor is beautiful . i ordered the octopus as an appetizer . it was good but not the best i 've had . my entree was the crab pasta . this dish had little fish eggs in it . i enjoyed my dish . this is a very pricey restaurant $ $ $ $ . i could not find the prices online before going . overall it was a good experience but for the money , i will try another restaurant on my next visit . our check for 3 was about $ 212 which included 2 drinks and 2 glasses of wine . the was not a bottle of wine on the menu less than $ 100 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had such a gorgeous view of the bellagio fountains from where we sat . initially we had to wait a little for our server but the service was great . the bread basket really is quite awesome . love the duck and foie grois raviol and the squid pasta is a must . we did n't get to eat dessert because we were stuffed . had dinner with my sister and this place was more like a couples place to eat ... dark and romantic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband took me here and i fell in love with the food and atmosphere . their pea soup is to die for . and they have a great sommelier . i love coming here and highly recommend it for any special night out or even just to try the food for all the foodies out there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no reservations ... .packed - living like a vip ! we had a group of 7 and no reservation around 8 pm - what to do - after a 10 minute wait , we were ushered into the private dining room ! i must say - fabulous customer service ! as we wait ... we see the chef himself in the house ... . what a night ! - the drinks were fabulous ! things i tasted ... heirloom beet salad and crispy fritto misto ( this is a must - perfectly prepared and delicious ) black fettuccine pici coconut panna cotta ( i recommend ordering 2 or 3 of these for yourself - so yummy ! we will be back ! oh ... ca n't forget the bread !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a wonderful meal here . the scallops appetizer was excellent thanks to the squash bed and accessory toppings . the veal loin was about as perfect as humanly possible . the nutella bombs were a nice sweet finish . all was helped by a polished professional waiter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably one of the best italian restaurant in vegas . we are a fan of the black linguinis and the strawberry souffle . service is excellent and you can not beat the view .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very romantic ! ! ! food was very good ... ..love the assorted bread baskets ... .you could see the bellagio water show ! ! ! pasta was delicious ! ! ! ! you must have those donut holes filled with nutella ! ! ! ! omg that was heaven ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , great service , beautiful decor , awesome wine list , views of the bellagio fountains . what more could you possibly ask for in vegas ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service great food great time fresh pasta , great sauces , awesome selections .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner here by myself yesterday . it 's very elegant , i had a table with a view of the bellagio . i had the spaghetti , they were delicious . the wine selection is top-notch and the dessert ( strawberry souffle ) was great . service was also very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your typical nice restaurant with nice restaurant prices . it was n't bad , it just was n't outstanding in any way . the best thing about it was the view of the bellagio fountains . unfortunately , that did n't balance out the overpriced , mediocre food in my opinion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was ok but the food portion is very small . an entree is about $ 35- $ 60 and a glass of wine is about $ 20 . our waiter was rude when we asked to split the bill . it 's a fair request but his attitude and his response was short and rude . i personally would n't consider going back to the restaurant nor recommend any friends to come here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you feel like they put attention to every detail , and not only the food . just wish they had at least a bottle of red wine below $ 80 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we chose this place due to the high recommendation here on yelp and i 'd think to thank everyone for not letting me down ! the service was top notch and the food was extraordinary . you must order the pasta ... .it 's so fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was amazing ! ! ! one of the best meals i have ever had . the service was great and very classy . the roasted scallops were definitely the best scallops i have ever had . i also the loved our pasta and filet , the dessert was also great . i had coconut panna cotta with pineapple and guava soup , which is now my favorite dessert ! i would go back for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i chose this restaurant as our splurge meal for the weekened becuase of the reviews it had online . the ambiance is quiet and romantic and most tables have a view of the bellagio fountains . the bread has cheese and peperoni in it , like a litte stromboli . the grapefruit gimlet was good , not the best drink i had on this trip but dinner was amazing . i asked my waiter which of three pastas he reccomended and i was suprised when he reccomened the least expensive one . it was the ricotta and truffle pasta . it was very simple but everything worked perfectly together . best passta dish i have ever had . my boyfriend the lamb loin which was perfectly cooked . we shared the panna cotta . i belive it was coconut and passion fruit . i would definitely reccomend the panna cotta and the pasta . the wait staff was friendly and just the right amount of attentive . definitely my favorite restaurant at the cosmo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh ! i have several criteria for good italian cuisine . firstly , it has to taste good . that being said , everyone has a different take on what `` good '' means . that is the basis for this discussion . although the flavors were savory , there was a lack of complexity . expectations for me were also high since this place is expensive . when you start with high expectations , you are bound to be disappointed . the signature spaghetti was flavorful , but not out of this world , but again a personal opinion . the veal was good . was it worth the cost ? not in my opinion . if you take all of the dishes and drop the price by 50 % , then it becomes a good italian restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "originally went to the location in miami at the fountainbleu and was so impressed and ecstatic to find out there was one in vegas at the cosmo ! best spaghetti i 've ever tasted ( as always ) . my girlfriend ordered the truffle pasta and it was pricey , but very much worth the $ 65 ! the wine enthusiast was very nice and made the dinner even more enjoyable by offering us complimentary wine tasting . truly one of a kind in fine italian dining ! would recommend to everyone who enjoys delicious eats , hospitality , and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasting menu was great . highlights were all the appetizers and pasta dishes . duck was ok , fish was good , but skin was n't perfectly crisp and a little too chewy . wine pairing was appropriate . overall very nice dinner , very nice setting and view . service was good , not perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything about this restaurant was incredible . our server was wonderful . the food was delicious and the ambiance was incredible . definitely request window seating because we got a pretty decent view as well ! i got the lobster pici with chili almond pesto and it was absolutely delicious ! my sister ordered the bruschetta and the seared scallops . both dishes were very well made although there were super small portions ! i highly recommend this restaurant ! especially if you are looking for high quality italian fusion . i recommend making a reservation because we were in there on a tuesday in the summer and it was still packed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was anticipating an extraordinary dinner and experience , but was let down . our server seemed to pre-judge us and gave us terrible service . she seemed to be fake nice and barely did her job . she gave us the bread after she served our dinner , and never asked us how we like our food . i hate going to a nice restaurant and getting crappy service . our bill was $ 124 and we still have her $ 20 for bad service . if i had the guts to give her what she really deserved , i would have given her $ 5 . i ordered the spaghetti because i read other reviews of how good it was . the pasta seemed like it was cooked way before they served it . i asked if they could make meatballs . they said yes . they served me tiny little meatballs , like from a chef boyardee can . all in all , the service was not up to par , the food was overpriced , and disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yes , their food is delicious ... but i 'm here to tell you about their service . omg ! they were awesome ! came here for father 's day dinner and everything was on point . they were so awesome and my parents loved the presentation for all the dishes . they brought all the entrees each covered by a cloche . then they did one of those tata deals , we found that so fun ... it 's the little things that make an experience grand . they figured that out , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the host seated our party so we got the full view of the bellagio fountains . the foie gras ravioli was my favorite . the flavor was rich with the right amount of sauce . i wished the portion was bigger . wished california did n't ban foie gras as well . the duck was good as well . crispy skin and super soft on the inside", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was part of a large group that had lunch here . the place is very elegant . staff was professional and friendly . the view is terrific . the food was excellent . appetizers , meal and dessert were exceptional . we were able to sample several of each and all were delicious . highly recommend eating here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful presentation and food ! ! if you want great service ask to be seated in jonathan 's tables and tip appropriately for the service . fine dining for foodies for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere and very good view of bellagio fountains . food was too salty the first time but very good the second time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very nice alternative if you want a break from the vegas buffets ! the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms was amazing . had the duck and foie gras ravioli and it was equally as amazing ... .a bit rich but not overly rich where you felt sick after . was able to polish off the entire dish with no problem - and the portion was pretty generous considering you 're at a high-end restaurant . normally at great italian places they tend to skimp on the portions but they did n't . my mom had the black cod and that was tasty as well ... ..but since their pasta is fresh i would recommend trying one of their pastas . bread basket was great , they have this salami bread that was awesome ! definitely have to try the one in beverly hills now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 star restaurant ! ! just left this place and cant stop talking about how good it was . starting with the service which was beyond excellent to the gourmet food and the delicious desserts . enjoyed every minute of it ! ! if you are staying at the cosmo or happen to be in the area make sure you visit this amazing restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the foie gras ravioli and the truffle polenta nom nom nom ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "exceptional service and a fab decor . the food ... ..yummy but i 'm not rushing back . with all the amazing restaurants here there are others i 'd rather go back to . the spaghetti with marinara sauce is what the chef is known for ... .now that i 'd have a second helping of . all the rest was really good but not memorable since i ca n't even recall exactly what it was .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in the mood for pasta . the whole family ordered it and the homemade variety did not disappoint . the duck fat ravioli was unique and a rare find in any italian restaurant . it was fantastic and did n't want the meal to end . excellent service with real italian waiters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super ... .great food ... .super service ... will def.be returning for a super meal ... and they pour a great drink ... do n't miss it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great classic italian . the fresh bread that they serve is awesome ! assorted flavors baked in and all addicting . i had the lardons to start . good if a little charred . i went with the classic spaghetti and meatballs . good simple but fresh flavors . also tried some of the different raviolis which were all good . definitely on the pricy side but excellent view and staff to go along with the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved it here . the atmosphere was relaxed , the view of the strip was gorgeous , and the service was excellent . i had the casonsei which i highly recommend , especially if you 're a vegetarian , and my boyfriend had the organic chicken . he said it was very juicy and full of flavor . for dessert , we had the zeppole . it was filled with nutella . that 's all i have to say for you to know that you should get it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was awful : although with courteous and knowledgeable staff , we were rushed through the main course . portion size is decent , but for american standards it might seem too little . other than that its a great spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "view is amazing , service top notch , food is innovative and fresh . pasta is to die for ! must try this location for a nice view of bellagio and for spaghetti !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long over-due review . came here for dinner during my bachelorette party in the month of june 2014 . when we arrived we had a bit of a wait.. even with reservations . when we did get seated the view from our table was beautiful , we could see the water show that bellagio does . our waiter , ca n't remember his name was really attentive , asked us how we are doing , if there was anything else that he could get , the staff kept our waters full awesome ! ! food here is pretty good . we all had different dishes amongst the 12 girls in the group.. that 's how we eat lol . sharing is caring . over all great place , great atmosphere , nice people , modern interior , beautiful views .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with a large party of 12 . the views of the bellagio fountain were awesome till someone got shot outside and they shut it down . the food was really great and the service was good . i had the beef ragout pasta and it was superb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good house made pasta . also had the chicken breast , probably most tender and juicy breast i 've ever had . meal was super expensive though . really nice place , with a great view of the bellagio fountains , but i do n't think i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg good ! great date night anniversary spot . this is a very classy place , i absolutely loved every bite ! the staff were extremely professional . i had the duck ravioli , delicious ! my wife had the lamb , which i tried and nearly died , so good . we even had some desert , you have to get the cheesecake , it is topped with mango gilato which does not sound appealing but was phenomenal ! we spent $ 100 before gratuity , did not drink any alcohol . oh , and we had a table watching the bellagio fountains ! i live in las vegas , only two other restaraunts rival this one and they are more expensive - you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was horrendous . the hostess did n't smile , was n't polite , and was visibly overwhelmed . the food made up for it . everything we ordered was amazing ; cheese plate , ravioli , lamb ragu fettuccine , strawberry shortcake ... amazing ! my advice to you , patience ! my advice to the manager , hire more servers and a better hostess !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "started off with the squid & octopus appetizer , followed by the duck & foie gras ravioli , which were both delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot in cosmopolitan . maybe best italian on the strip . i had the black cod which i would get again . pasta was also outstanding . cool , dark space with view of bellagio fountains . good spot for couples .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was exquisite . i think turning pasta in general into something amazing is the hardest thing just cause there is not a lot to work with . the ability to match pasta with the right sauce and meat is and art in itself and this place does it for me . i loved my experience and will dine there again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pasta ever ! i love coming to this place . too bad they closed the one in la . they will go out of their way to accommodate you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a really good dinner here . probably should 've gotten the pasta as everyone raved about it , but i got the black cod instead . the cod was really delicious though-cooked perfectly and had a nice flavor to it . to start we had the grilled octopus and burrata -- all really good . we had the sommelier help us pick a wine and we had a red blend that was amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for my birthday dinner & it was exceptional . i just ordered the spaghetti , because i think that 's a good measure of an italian restaurant . they make their pasta in house , and it was delicious . the sauce was also perfect . one of my friends got the shortrib ravioli , and it was the tiniest portion ever . the spaghetti was a good portion though , and the shortrib appetizer was also a good size . my other friends ordered some special and changed it around about and were n't happy with it , but i think that 's what they get for messing with the recipe . their bread was also awesome , it was cheesy with pepperoni , delicious . i would absolutely come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reviews are all true . 4 of us had dinner there this past weekend and we can honestly say everything was amazing . from the bread and appetizers through to dessert , we were passing our plates and sharing as every selection was beyond delicious . the highlights were the spaghetti and the polenta . we will definitely be back on our next visit to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 300th review and what an enjoyable experience . this review honors the restaurant as well as my fellow yelpers who always seem to make the right call . the strongest recommendations were the following and the yelpers were right on : duck & foie gras ravioli - pretty amazing black farfalle - bowtie pasta with lobster was delicous - the texture of this pasta felt like someone may have actually tied it in a bow the spaghetti was good but serves more as a filler and does not stand out next to the other dishes . i had the sea bass ( branzino ) for my main dish which was also good but again , on this night , it was all about the pasta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the best . we love this place so much , we always come here when in vegas . we actually came two days in a row this time . the spaghetti is to die for and the braised short ribs appetizer is great . you can skip dessert here , not their strong suit , but the food is killer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh pasta that made 2 people near me say `` this is the best pasta i 've ever had '' . i loved the regular spaghetti and the vegetable sides . intimate environment and great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scarpetta 's ambiance is so nice ! the decor is beautiful and romantic . we had great drinks at the bar and when we were seated for dinner we had a view of the bellagio fountain show . i went with my husband and we are both vegetarian . it was great to see that they had a separate veggie menu to choose from . we ordered the artichoke soup , risotto , spaghetti , and donut dessert dish . it was all so delicious . our server was superb and very attentive to our needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so let 's begin ... .jason was our server at table 65 on may 21 , 2017 for a 945 reservation . i had to ask him if there were any specials ( which there was 1 ) and never stopped once to asked us how our food was . i ordered a cappuccino that never came . how can i remind him if he never came by ? ! ! ! ! it 's not about the food , it 's about customer service . we had appetizers and food in less than an hour .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been to scarpetta in both lv and ny and this place does n't disappoint ! everything i 've tried has packed so much flavor . in lv we had the duck & foie gras ravioli , the beet salad , the uni & lobster tagliolini , and the branzino . everything came out perfect . my fave of the night was definitely the uni & lobster pasta -- so good . creamy but not overly rich , and the roe added nice texture to the dish . ca n't wait to come back to this restaurant ! fyi , corkage fee is $ 35 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks , great food presentation , and the best polenta on the planet ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an amazing meal ! my husband and i decided on scarpetta for dinner pretty much at the last minute . we were able to make a reservation on-line two hours prior to the reservation . we arrived about 15 minutes early and were sat right away . we were given a table by the window which allowed us to enjoy the bellagio fountain show ( about three times during our meal ! ) . the wait staff was attentive and very nice . they offered advice about portion size and house favorites . bread is served as you are seated , and it was delicious and fresh . the bread basket even includes stromboli ! yum ! we ordered a bottle of wine - a very good selection to chose from . my husband ordered the duck , and i got the short rib agnolotti with a side of broccoli rabe to share . both meals were amazing ! the atmosphere was modern yet casual . it felt sophisticated but comfortable . we will definitely be recommending to family and friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place ! we dined with another couple , who had been here before , and raved about it . we could n't agree with them more . our table had a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains -- request that if you can . the ambiance as a whole was quite wonderful -- contemporary and elegant , but still warm and inviting . our server was very knowledgeable and gave excellent suggestions when we asked for them . food was outstanding ; we ordered different dishes and shared . the polenta , ravioli , scallops and duck received high marks by all . we would not at all hesitate to recommend or return here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is located at the beautiful spot . the ambience matches the awesome location . be sure to ask for a window seat overlooking the bellagio foundations for a breathtaking view while dining . their food is delicious . the complimentary bread basket comes with a variety of bread , is fresh , warm , also comes with accompaniments . the tomato basil spaghetti was well made . service was quick and the pasta was cooked to perfection , the spaghetti was sturdy , sauce was creamy with a hint of basil . the presentation was impeccable . i topped it off with the chocolate cake . this was a little disappointing and hence the 4 stars . it was tough and cumbly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we dined there last week . it was awful . the service ... the food . the atmosphere is nice and a cool vibe , although we were seated by the beautiful fountain views and i looked up and the curtain was covered in dust balls . ugh ! i ordered a gluten free pasta so gave them some room on how bad the entree tasted and looked but even my husband who is not picky could not eat his short rib pasta dish . it was so greasy . the service was bad too , we waited a very long time for a waiter to come up to us . he made a rude face about another bus boy that bumped into him . it is not a high end dining experience at all . we were very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my gf and i ate there on easter for dinner . when we arrived at like 5:15pm the place was virtually empty and there was more waitstaff and other workers than diners . we were promptly seated by the hostess but st ther for like 10 minutes plus without anyone waiting on us . finally i got so frustrated i got up to leave and i told the waiter that was servicing the table next to me that i had had it and was leaving and he promptly apologized and said there must be a mix-up but that he would take care of me which he did ... .i think he threw in a free beer . anyway , the food was good ... salad and pizza and the decor is nice . i almost ever complain about service as i am very low maintenance but this lack of being initially waited on was very off-putting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a gem ! after eating at chef conant 's other restaurant , d.o.c.g. , earlier in the year , we decided to try scarpetta . we were not disappointed . i called two weeks ahead to request a signed cookbook . the manager confirmed he got me a book and confirmed our reservation . we were greeted with a warm smile and prosecco in honor of our anniversary . my husband and i did the tasting menu with wine pairings and the staff went out of their way to serve us exquisitely prepared food , as well as a few additional dishes in honor of our special evening . the pasta was fresh , the product was amazing and the wine pairings complimented all of the dishes perfectly . our favorites were the spaghetti and the foie gras ravioli - to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday ! we were treated like royalty . we sat at a table just off the kitchen with an incredible view of all the talent in the kitchen and a great view of the bellagio fountains . mario ( the gm ) was so gracious . noe ( the sommelier ) was hysterical and kept us laughing all night long . thank you to everyone at scarpetta that helped create incredible memories for our group of five .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had friends in town and decided to check out this place . the atmoshpere is just great from the bar area to the dining area . food was great three of us had the pasta and one the lamb . great bread basket . service in the bar was awesome . dinner service a little slow and server seemed distracted with other tables . overall great place especailly for a special night out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from start to finish , the best meal that my wife and i have ever had in our lives ! highly recommend that you do the tasting menu with the italian wine pairings ! in particular , the spaghetti was amazing ! our waiter sato was outstanding ! scott conant is a genious ; saw him at the bar as we came at 6:30pm on 6 30 15 but he was busy . my wife dawn and i just want to tell him that it was the best experience that we ever had dining in our lives ; thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i dined here in nov and ordered an array of dishes . i forgot our waiter 's name but he was a tall slender gentleman w. a beautiful smile . his service was very memorable . he was knowledgeable w. the menu and i ordered one of his recommendations ; creamy polenta : creamy and rich ! sicilian-spiced duck breast with preserved orange , root vegetables and caramelized endive . i was pleasantly surprised . duck & foie gras ravioli- rich rich rich and flavorful . mediterranean orata- very light and flavorful . the fish skin was crispy and the meat was moist . the dinner was good but it was the desserts that made it great ! the strawberry souffle and it was delish ! ! -i wish i could remember the name of the other desserts because they were all really out of this world too . the dinner was ok but hats off to the pastry chef and our fantastic waiter !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "try to go in a group . i 've been here twice , once with my lovely wife and once with a bunch of coworkers . this is definitely a group restaurant . please order the spaghetti . then , order it again , and then take an order for carry out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got last minute reservations and were surprised to get a table for 2 at 7:30 . we were even more surprised being seated at a table that overlooked the bellagio fountains . terrific view . the bread basket was great , but the stromboli bread full of meat and cheese was amazing . worth it just for that . wife started with the creamy polenta - 5 hour cooked polenta with mushroom and truffle sauce , each served in their own pot , whilst the sauce is meant to be spooned over the polenta . very good , not as truffly as we both expected . i got a very pretty beet salad with homemade mozzarella . agnolotti and spaghetti for our primi courses . as good as the other reviews say . extremely rich . black cod for secondi that was not quite as memorable as the pasta or bread . could have skipped this . highly recommend . best service , best ambiance of our stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service & quality at an all-time high . this place was an amazing experience . our server was titus , he was great ! went here for our anniversary , we had their spaghetti ( perfectly al dente ! ) , some other pasta dish ( beef ravioli ) , tuna & avocado ( best appetizer ) , their berry blast drink , and their lava cake with ice cream a la mode . definitely an upscale restaurant so do n't be surprised if the bill goes well over $ 100 between 2 but like any place , definitely an experience to just try at least once . atmosphere is dim and fairly quiet with good background music , so it 's very relaxing and calming while you enjoy your food and company . will definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here with a large group ( bachelorette party ) and we got the tasting menu with wine pairing . excellent food in general . favorites were short rib agnolotti , scallops , and yellowtail , as well as the duck ( though it was at the end and we were so full already we hardly ate any ) was underwhelmed only by the spaghetti dish ( why am i filling up on something i could have cooked at home ? ) . the rest of the dishes were superb , down to the port and lava cake-esque dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with a bunch of friends for a nice sit down fancy italian style restaurant and had a great meal . there is a good wine selection and there is a fair selection for vegetarians . the service was very good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "things that come to mind about scarpetta vegas- flawless , immaculate , delicious and mind blowing . service was absolutely amazing- our waiter was extremely knowledgably about the food and wine selection and made the dining experience quite enjoyable . food was literally out of this world . fresh , beautifully cooked and flavorful pasta dishes , creative and inspirable appetizers and mouthwatering jaw dropping desserts . i am not even going to go into details about which appetizers were the best and which entrees rocked my world because honestly no matter what you chose you will be happy you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambiance is nice food is really good ! they have s large selection of wines too ! portion sizes are really small .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for dinner because of the hype . we had a great seat with the bellagio fountain view . ( make sure you ask for that when you make the reservations ) thy bring you unlimited variety of breads which were delish . for appetizers the chef made a special dish with foie gras which was n't part if their menu and it was really good . we also got the yellowtail which was not fishy , and fresh . however when it came to the main course . it was n't too satisfying . we got the filet mignon which was ok but not enough taste to it and short ribs didnt meet my expectations . however the strawberry souffl\u00e9 was out of this world . best souffl\u00e9 ever ! ! that 's why i have them four stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was amazing . the pasta was served in a covered dish that was unveiled upon arrival at the table . it was fresh , hot , full of flavor . we started with the scallops and foie gras which was my favorite dish of the night ! the foie gras just melted in my mouth ! i got the pico with lobster , tarragon , and chili pesto . it was light and a little spicy , but delicious . my friend got the tagliatelle with vegetables , truffle , and guanciale . hers was rich and even yummier than my dish ! i ca n't wait to try this restaurant in beverly hills !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just okay . perhaps i should have ordered that spaghetti that everyone raves about . i ordered the short rib agnolotti instead . it was just okay . the foie gras ravioli was just okay too . our table , however , was amazing . it overlooked the window with a view of the bellagio fountains . we got to see the water show several times during our meal . overall three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i felt like some of the famous spagetti that we so enjoyed at the beverly hills ( montage ) scarpetta . what a bummer . our service was extremely slow and just lacking in every way . it was still early by vegas standards ( 730 ) so i do n't really get the lack of attentiveness . we ordered wine which did not come until after our first course . finally our spagetti comes ... .oh , so salty ... it tasted nothing like the last time . our server must have known something was amiss as he never once asked how we were enjoying our meal . we also waited a good 45 minutes to be offered dessert -- -or the check by this time . we finally had to wave someone down to get the bill since we were done with this place . such a shame . we have had many great food adventures in vegas , this evening was not one of them . if you really want to have some spagetti that will change your life then come out out to california and enjoy the scarpetta at the montage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "favorite restaurant on the strip ! i come here with family for every major occasion . noe makes everything so special every time we visit . he always treats us like family . food here is to die for . best classic spaghetti i have ever had . beautiful view of the bellagio fountains . lovely atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge fan of chopped and love chef scott conant so when i heard he has two restaurants in las vegas i could n't wait to try one . let 's me first share that the staff was extremely friendly and when we shared we had show reservations they were prompt and made sure we were out in time . our table was by the window over looking the bellagio . we had the perfect view of their water show . we asked our server what his favorite items are on the menu and he has excellent taste ! everything was simply amazing ! ! ! from the appetizer to the pasta to the dessert . i never order spaghetti as i find it too simply but chef conant 's is beyond amazing ! it was truly the best italian dinner i ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta was good - definitely a restaurant you do have to try when you 're out in vegas . i was there with my husband a couple of months ago - he ordered the ny steak and i got the spaghetti with meatballs . both were good , especially the steak . even though the ny is n't the best cut , it was still tender , juicy and flavorful . i was a bit disappointed in my meal because it was n't traditional ; the meatballs were tiny ( bite-sized ) . that 's pretty much the only thing i 'd change . other than that , the food and service were great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i took a group of friends here for dinner and the experience was unbelievable . the entire staff went above and beyond to ensure we had only the best time . the wine list was great and our sommelier made excellent choices . our waiter and his colleagues made us feel at home . the food was tremendous , course after course we were impressed . we were seated at the chefs table which gave us a great view into the kitchen and unparalleled views of the strip . i would highly recommend to anyone , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved their pici entree -- - green pasta in a pesto spicy sauce with lobster . and of course their spaghetti pasta is delicious . i had their squid and octopus appetizer with fennel and was pleasantly surprised . ordered a manhattan on the rocks and they gave me a big serving .. more than what i expected which was awesome . definitely coming back here again when in town . prices are comparable or cheaper than other fine dining restaurants in the top swank hotels on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was apprehensive to go somewhere so expensive for a friends birthday and honestly the menu did n't thrill me . first off the restaurant and service , ambiance the view - excellent . if this food appeals to you and you have the budget i would highly rec for a special occasion . i have to say tho i do think that it is overpriced for many menu items but its fine dining at the cosmo so what do you expect . as a group we ordered 3 pasta dishes , 1 soup and a desert . i tried the crab and corn soup - delicious as was the chocolate cake i ate . however the show stoppers were the duck and bone marrow pasta dishes - devine . i would go back and order only those and eat them all and not share a bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a pleasant meal at the bar . i got their mushroom polenta which was absolutely delicious . the polenta was really creamy and the mushrooms flavored perfectly . it complemented my duck foie gras ravioli really well . the ravioli was not as good at the polenta . i thought the skin was too thin , and the filling not substantial enough . it was a smooth , light filling but i was left hungry after finishing it . i probably should have gotten the other ravioli dish . for dessert , the panna cotta with guava sauce and pineapples was a refreshing way to end the meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner at scarpetta was unforgettable ! mike was our server and he was excellent ! he gave suggestions for menu items , had a great personality and added a complimentary dessert at the end of our meal . my husband and i had the filet ( med-rare ) and the duck and foie ravioli . the filet was cooked perfectly and the pasta was incredibly fresh . our friends loved their dishes too ( lamb and a chicken pasta ) . i highly recommend saving room for dessert . we had cheesecake , a banana souffl\u00e9 and a salted caramel pudding . overall an amazing experience , excellent service and delicious food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best food that i 've eaten all year . i could n't get enough of the foie gras ravioli and scallops . the cocktails were perfect . i have nothing but great things to say about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best i 've had in vegas ! ! everything was amazing , we had the tasting menu which for the value was one of the best in vegas ! the flower and tabasco cocktail was awesome and then thank god the server guided us away from more cocktails and towards the amazing wine pairings ! it was from start to finish one of the best meals i 've ever had", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word : delish ! ! ! although i feel their customer service is not up to par . since one is paying big bucks , one should expect great service . on yelp the restaurant indicated it closes at 11pm ; when i called the person on the phone ( female ) stated they 'll close at 10:30 if it 's slow ... . ahh ... this is vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food . everything was delicious . three stars because a friend that was with us has a garlic and shallot allergy and the chef refused to cook her anything . first time this has happened to us in such an upscale dining establishment . truly disappointing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic food and service . my fave of the trip ! we were a group of 8 and they were extremely accommodating of our budget . the waiter never treated us like we were anything less than vip . we had a amuse bouche , foie gras scallop stater and surf and turf . nothing was short of amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and the ambiance were 5 stars ! i really liked the d\u00e9cor here , someone put a lot of thought into the design , it 's sexy and sophisticated . to drink i had a whiskey cocktail off their menu , it was tasty . for dinner i had a duck and foie gras ravioli which was sooo yum , the picture i took does n't do it justice . the service was just okay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this restaurant several times with my husband and we always sit at the bar . neither food or service has ever been a disappointment . tonight was no different . bread basket with stromboli ( 1 w prosciutto & 1 w broccoli rabe ) was fantastic as usual . spaghetti perfect . pici fabulous !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "calamari.. must have the calamari took one star off cuz one of my firneds order was mad late", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent , friendly wait staff . i 'm a bit of a dork when it comes to these fine dining restaurants and they just laughed it off . the food is incredible . i thought it might be a bit rich for me but it was delicious and even better than i could have expected ( and i went in with very high end expectations ) . i 'm not a mushroom lover and i was scraping the bowl for every last drop of polenta . the agnolotti was something i could eat for every meal happily . the best part was the bill . we ordered a lot . everyone had an appetizer and an entree and there were several mixed drinks and it was way cheaper than i expected . yes it is pricey compared to your average meal but for a view of the bellagio fountains , delicious food , and friendly staff , i would 've gladly paid much much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and good portions for a light eater . service was great as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a 5 star restaurant by any standard , in any city . the reviewers will tell you to order the spaghetti . the waiters will tell you to order the spaghetti . i know what you 're thinking - `` spaghetti ? really ? '' seriously . order the spaghetti . you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading the most recent reviews i thought it could be a little risky but the menu looked great and the ambiance was what we were looking for to take out a client . bummed we ended up going . the food was n't great and the server was rude and clearly needed to turn the table . he literally kept returning to the table every 2 minutes until we ordered and then would stand at the table while we were in mid conversation and i stare until we stopped talking . not what you expect at a nice restaurant ! we ordered the $ 70 porterhouse which came smothered in a cheese sauce ( who puts cheese on that cut of meat ? ! ) , the cod which looked like a dry pork chop when it came and was smothered in a tomato paste , and the duck which was far from tender and cam in these two huge chunks . all in all super disappointing . maybe pasta is the way to go there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great italian food here . i have to warn others that the portion is very small ! ! ! i got the steak and my friend got a pasta ravioli . we were planning to share it but my steak was literally 5 pieces after i cut it , and her ravioli was 5 pieces . we both had 5 bites total . the food was sooo good . but why is it so small ? ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great view and the restaurant is very cool..i loved wagu beef tartare and mediterranean branzino fish was perfect", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i wanted to try this place just because i have heard about scott conant so much and i figured i has to try this tomato basil pasta that is so famous and costs so much . my mom and i got the tasting menu . the famous , signature pasta was n't the best and there were two dishes that we absolutely both refused to finish because they were n't good . for the price and the hype , i was pretty disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wanted so badly to try this place after i watched scott conant make his famous spaghetti on food network . we made reservations and were seated next to a window overlooking the bellagio fountains . the service was great and my husband 's fettuccine with veal ragu was outstanding . i got the famous spaghetti with tomato-basil sauce and the noodles lived up to the hype - the most amazing pasta texture i 've ever experienced . the sauce , however , was disappointing . watching it being made i expected a fresh tasting tomato-basil sauce . what i received was an overly salted tomato sauce with no visible signs of basil that sadly reminded me of the sauce you get with spaghetti-o 's ( albeit not as sweet ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yelped this place and saw some good reviews so i booked a reservation on my birthday during memorial day weekend . i loved the view , we sat right next to the window viewing the bellagio fountain . the food was ok , i ordered the pasta and i just did not like the taste of it , it had no flavor and i just tasted better . now for the service i get it was a holiday weekend but the stuck up hostess just ruined the whole experience for me , came a little early and asked if it 's possible if we can sit next to the window and she told us no it was not possible even though i made sure to book a table right next to a window on the reservation notes ? luckily the manager was standing right behind her and told us there was a table available right now next to a window so me and my husband just agreed to be seated already . i just rolled my eyes at that rude host and walked away while the manager walked us to the table .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this place . great food , excellent views , and one of the best wine lists i 've ever seen . our waiter johnathan was exceptional and the food was some of the best i have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars- food was really good but over priced . i had a plate with chicken in it , the short rib pasta , and palenta . if i was chief ramsy i would say that the mushrooms on the palenta were too hard . basically you are paying for location on the strip . service was ok ( a little on the slow side ) . waiter was really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "scarpetta has a very small happy hour window , i think it was mon-fri 5:30-7:00pm and i was determined to try it this week ... just made it under the wire . we had the creamy delicious polenta with mushrooms , warm assorted olives , fresh farm salad , burrata crostini , seafood frito misto , bone marrow ravioli , and wine ... it was a fantastic sampler , all was delicious and exactly as described in their menu for just $ 7 a dish cocktail .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went all out vegas and ended up with a bill that ran me over $ 90 for just myself . but the black truffle fettuccine and orange souffl\u00e9 were worth it . the bread basket was the perfect way to kick off starch madness and our table ran out of the butter halfway through . my entree was , for $ 75 , definitely worth every penny . shaved black truffle on top of truffle infused pasta ? and so much parmesan . everyone was sticking their forks in my bowl ! for dessert , we got the orange souffl\u00e9 which was beyond decadent . i normally ca n't stand figs but the gelato was surprisingly incredible . sinking my fork into the ramekin while the bellagio fountain show went on in front of us was pure bliss . this is pure vegas extravagance and i am all for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite thing at scarpetta is the meat bread and it 's not even something you order ! i came here with a big group of girls as part of a bachelorette weekend . the ambiance is very classy and the service is impeccable . i ordered the pici pasta -- amazing ! since then , i 've heard that the dish they 're known for is the spaghetti , so i 'll have to try it sometime when i get the chance . -l .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved the wine list . loved the polenta . loved the duck . loved the service . great restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and amazing service . ask for server julian , he is one of the best . he is on top of your needs and has great recommendations . we had an awesome time . bar tender made some great drinks too . highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the last time i went to dinner with the girls it was a wreck . we did not receive proper service being dolled up for dinner as we was . and the food was heavily overpriced for the quality it was.. i had the foie gras , it was pretty mediocre and bit salty . my side dish of spinach was very salty ... not sure i 'll come back for another girl 's dinner next time i 'm in vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what do you have to do to make a reservation for a group here ? i 've called reservations they said i had to call group reservations which i have a few times . nobody ever answers so left messages . it 's been a week and no return call ? if you ca n't accommodate me then at least return my call and tell me . ate here last year and the food was great but service management clearly lacking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was excellent . my wife and i spent a couple of days in vegas recently and based on the other reviews , decided to try scarpetta . despite showing up almost 45 minutes before our reservation time , the ma\u00eetre d ' found a table for us quickly , fulfilling our request for a quiet table as we were celebrating a special occasion . we had a great view of the bellagio fountains . service was excellent as well . unlike our dinner at a different restaurant the next night , we were n't constantly interrupted by an over eager waiter . our needs were met at the appropriate time but we were allowed the time to enjoy our meals . our waiter 's recommendation of the spaghetti was spot on , the house made pasta was perfect , and my wife loved the tagliatelle . next time we 're in vegas we 'll definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great view , good food , we had family style , and we were a bit hurried , but the service was great , and the food was good , im not sure i gave it a full run through , as we were headed out for the night , the service was good , its small and can feel a little crowded , but overall , id try it again . i did not dig the cosmopolitan hotel , we went to my friends suite , and it was unimpressive , and the night club scene was for a bunch of wannabee 23 yr olds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first sign should have been that only two tables were occupied at prime dinner time . even though nearly every table was empty , we got sat in the back , despite every window seat being available , we got sat nearly two tables back . the food was mediocre at best . i had the goat cheese ravioli and was bland at best . was covered in some foamy like topping that tasted like soap . the bread was good but was n't served into nearly 30 minutes in . considering how empty they were , you would have expected service to be better but definitely could have used improvement . overall , definitely not worth the cost . i do n't mind paying for good service and a good meal but this was not that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my girlfriends and i came here for a bachelorette party and we had such a great dinner here . the service was phenomenal and the decor was so classy and glam . i thoroughly loved my duck foir grois ravioli and the desserts were so gorgeously presented and delicious to boot . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a fancy italian style restaurant at the cosmo . of course , the service is phenomenal and the food was pretty good as well . the bread was delicious , especially the one with the salami in it . all the fixings that come with the bread was really good too . we got the creamy polenta , which was kind of like a mashed corn ( i think ) , but it kinda had a mashed potato texture . the truffle mushrooms made it really delicious . we also got the veal loin , which was really good . it was tender and not at all gamey tasting . it was very well seasoned and tasted delicious , especially since it was my first time having veal . i got the stracci , which was pasta with lobster , crab , and shrimp on top . if you 're a seafood lover , then you 'll love this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty w italian roots i wo n't say that scarpetta is exclusively italian cuisine , but all the basics are there for quality dining with some very nice views of the fountains outside . service is top notch with emphasis on your experience being 100 % . food quality was exceptional for the money , bar-none . a wide variety of flavor choices for most folks , and some more common choices for the simpler people . nothing was overspiced as i had become accustomed to at high-end italian places , which was nice . seafood was nice w great accompanying vegetables ( marinated cherry tomatoes are amazing ) . breads w prosciutto were impeccable as an appetizer , and the wine selection was pretty damned good ( it helps that their wine cooler-thingy is a clear wall ) . i would definitely return when back in vegas . it also helps that you see some fairly well-known entertainers eat here , which is a decent sign of quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed everything i ordered ! from the short rib & bone marrow agnolotti , which was flavorful and satisfying , to the delicious simplicity of the spaghetti . the staff was on point and very gracious . my dining experience was enjoyable , from the food to the staff , i would definitely come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pasta was soo good . the portions are small and food is expensive . worth the experience to try it once . the bread they bring is you delicious . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best italian food i 've had in this country in a very long time . the wild mushroom polenta was creamy , rich , and very flavorful . my husband and i went with the pasta . he had the sheep milk ricotta agnoletti and i had the spare rib agnoletti . both were savory and melt in your mouth good . for dessert we had the bombolini , which were quite delicious . the service was excellent and i disagree with a previous yelper who said service came with a serious attitude . our server was kind , helpful , and not at all pretentious . the only thing that i would like to see on their very extensive wine list is more mid-range bottle options . there were hardly any bottles of wine under $ 100.00 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious and varietal bread basket ! butternut squash soup delicious chicken ; juicy , moist , tender - a little salty . short rib pasta.. raviolis with short rib inside . kinda like a way better version of chef boy-r-dee ravoilis . all food was a tad bit salty but overall pretty delicious . i would go back . we had an intimate booth for two in the lounge which was pretty romantic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scarpetta is the best kind of restaurants in my mind - elegant ambiance with a view , absolutely delicious and innovative food , coupled with perfect service ! we had a quick meal here on our last night in vegas before heading to the airport . we got the burrata special , which was easily the best burrata i 'd ever had - it was so fresh and creamy , and the pairings were perfect ! for mains , i ordered the uni black tagliatelle and my 2 girl friends ordered al cempo and foie gras ravioli . mine was pretty good but the foie gras ravioli gave me straight up food orgasm - simply perfection ! ! our server was also very nice and responsive . i recommend dates or group dinners here , as the round tables are large but intimate . try to get a view if you can because the restaurant sits right above the bellagio fountain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to give this place more stars . interested to see how this place was since well the show chopped haha . run down of us : came here for a bachelorette party dinner , do n't be fooled us girls love to eat . the atmosphere was nice and the drinks were good . it is kinda dressy so be prepared . the service was ok , and our particular server was n't that attentive but i guess it was a busy night . on to the food we tried several dishes : 1. braised short ribs 2. tagliatelle 3. duck and foie gras ravioli 4. short rib agnolotti they were all decent , the pasta was good and the sauces were fine . i think my favorite was the duck and foie gras ravioli but it was super rich so i did n't eat much of it . i wanted to try more things but i was so full . overall , it was a decent place and a good choice for a group dinner , but not sure if i would go there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a amazing experience , the heirloom tomato salad , agnolotti of marrow , spaghetti was to die for ! service was impeccable , very stylish dining room , loved the leather place mats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normally , i 'm not an italian foodie fan -- my man and i lean towards asian flavors ... . so when scarpetta was suggested for a business meal , i rolled my eyes and thought : oh well . wow , i was wrong ! ! ambiance is everything you expect from a strip resto -- seductive and stylish , modern but comfortable ... the list goes on . the wine was fantastic , as was everything i ordered ( read : tuna 'susci ; ' their special pasta of the day made with squid ink -- app . portion , if you please ; and the branzino ... wow ! ) did n't think i had any room for dessert ... but made room for heaven when it came to the table -- the zeppole was all that ... and then some . service was sometimes slow , though the servers themselves were extremely knowledgeable about the menu and were quick to make suggestions once given info about preferences . love this place and ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service here was fantastic . our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and able to answer all of our questions . the food came out very quickly for our table of 5 . i ordered duck and foie gras ravioli and was unable to finish it as it was quite heavy and oily . this is probably a dish best for sharing since it 's so creamy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a wonderful experience . the food and service were amazing . the menu is pricey but you definitely get what you pay for . would go back in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricey but worth every penny . the simplest dish at this place is the best : spaghetti with tomato and basil . it 's life-altering , perfection itself , delicious , amazing , spectacular , love it , want it , dream about it , miss it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic restaurant . the first thing to come out was their complimentary bread , which featured a few different varieties along with marscapone butter , eggplant , and citrus infused olive oil . i ordered the black tagliolini with dungeness crab and masago , which was very flavorful , but the real kicker was the texture and quality of the pasta . perfectly cooked . i also ordered the espresso old fashioned to drink which was very good . definitely a great meal in vegas , and the view is pretty special too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent . it was a great way to start our vegas trip . arrived for a late dinner , seated in lounge ( still nice ) . server very helpful with excellent recommendations . primi piatti octopus was so good . scallops very good as well . artic char cooked perfectly . husband had the stracci and was the most perfect pasta dish . was pleasantly pleased with this find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food at this place is overrated . the service was phenomenal ! the food quality simply do n't warrant the prices . we had the 8 course tasting menu with the wine pairings and the food is average .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "snobby la foodie here : this place is romantic , but like almost anything in vegas , it 's more about the experience than the quality . food was nice , standard italian . i know plenty of mom and pop places that outdo this restaurant by a mile , but they do n't have the view of the the fountains at bellagio : ) ( if you make a reservation , ask for a table by the window- it really is beautiful ) . also , the prices are adequate ! and my lemon drop was very strong . hooray , alcohol ! forgettable italian food , but if you 're trying to get in someone 's pants ( let 's face it- who in vegas is n't ? ) , this is a sexy , dinner-was-fine place to go !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for my anniversary dinner . was seated automatically at the most amazing window view table and the rest could only be described as the best dining experience of my life . we told our server , roberto , to just pick stuff out for us and there was no disappointment at all . spaced perfectly and everything was cooked to perfection -- the spaghetti is to die for ! a special shout out to kelli and dom for coming by the table to check on us and making sure everything went perfect . i 'll always recommend everyone to this restaurant and i 'll be a patron for life . bravo team , bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't super impressed with this place at all . food was just ok. obi-ounce was insanely loud . i felt like i had to yell at my dinner companion . not some where i 'd come back . great view thou ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the ambiance is perfect for a small group or a romantic date . we came here to meet up with some good friends . we sat at a quiet candle lit table . the food was good and served promptly . the only issue that i have is that our server suggested that we order several dishes per person to share . i felt that he was pushy and was trying to upsell . i had the pici , and that was plenty for me . had we followed his suggestion , we would have had a lot of leftover food . i do recommend that you try out their specialty drinks . those were superb . overall , scarpetta is about a 3.5 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "atmosphere is great , and it builds your expectations . prepare for disappointment , however . the `` susci '' while beautifully prepared is bland and falls flat . the short rib appetizer is much better , but disappointingly small serving . got the seafood pasta of crab , lobster , and shrimp . the seafood portion is generous , but the flat pasta sticks together and congeals into a doughy mess . finally , the hostess was rude and obnoxious . come on , your job is to just seat people and answer basic questions . you ca n't be polite ? overall , spago is much better bang for your buck in las vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing pasta ! ! ! i had the pici and it was delicious ! our waiter luis was super nice , attentive , and talkative . i 'm giving them a 4 since i ca n't give them a 4.5 because one of host at the front was very unwelcoming when checking in for reservations we had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place offers a first class dining experience . my fave restaurant in sin city by far ! i come to this restaurant pretty much every time i go to vegas ( that is pretty often ) and have ordered many things off the menu . however , i keep going back to the duck and foie gras ravioli . omg it is so freakin good ! the paste of duck and fois gras in it is so smooth and silky within the ravioli pasta which is perfectly cooked al dente . then comes the balsamic marsala sauce on top which is slightly sweet but not overpowering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times , and i can not say anything more then flawless ! this place is amazing . all the food is purely fresh , and the pasta is homemade which makes it even better . the decor is beautiful , and their food is just amazing . sometimes you have to wait if you want to sit in the main room , with the views of las vegas blvd , but if you sit near the bar its a faster wait for a table . their pasta and food is just amazing . i would go back again and again ! it is a little pricey , but so is all of vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta was amazing . we enjoyed the tasting menu , which was quite a culinary tour . seasonal vegetables were well integrated into the menu . service was impeccable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impressed - knew of scott conent from his appearances as a nit-picky ( and not always very nice ) judge on chopped and we were intrigued enough to try this place for dinner . service was impeccable , and the ambiance was sophisticated and serene - quite a contrast to the less tasteful ( and less dressed ) crowd outside of the restaurant . highlights : - roasted diver scallops - wonderful , beautifully seared and nicely complemented by the peas - bread basket - quite the variety and served with an eggplant tapenade - agnolotti - unctuous and decadent tasting little pillows - fennel dusted cod - elegant flavors and well cooked - desserts - hazelnut cake with poached pears and a decadent chocolate almond cake could improve : - artic char was overdone - spaghetti was done well , al dente and with just the right amount of tomato basil ... but way overpriced - wine list was clearly very very marked up overall , very enjoyable meal and a welcome reprieve from the lv scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently visited the restaurant with my business clients and while my experience was 5 star , theirs was 3 so i am giving this restaurant a 4 star rating . my dishes were all great ( personal favorite is the dessert : panna cotta which was out of this world ) but they ordered 2 pasta dishes and their pastas were all overcooked and displeased about it . i agree that if you go to a higher-end italian restaurant you expect the pasta to be done right . the view of the fountains of the bellagio was spectacular however . overall , i recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a wonderful dinner here last night . our server was very knowledgable and attentive . we were celebrating a birthday and were given a table with a nice view of the strip and a free birthday dessert . food was great and tasty , what more can you ask for ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food , the view was beautiful , the fountains at the bellagio , classy ambience , good for couples , or group of friends , it is very nice , the food , starting with the bread omg it 's soooo goood , we tried the pici pasta , duck raviolis , fennel spiced black cob , mediterranean orata and the prime ny steak ... everything was sooo delicious , the service was perfect , the waiter was very nice ... the price is standar for vegas for a nice restaurant ... i want to go back ... for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have now been here a few times and enjoy the food overall but the first time dining at this place was a huge disappointment . made a reservation for valentine 's dinner so i was super excited to try out this restaurant with my husband but the host lost our reservation and when we arrived they made us wait for over 45 minutes . we were both starving at this point but waited patiently and when they finally sat us we got seated in the entrance area in the corner which was n't very romantic at all . the food also took forever which made us even more annoyed . i decided to try this restaurant a few times after this incident and have had a better experience so i do think they have improved . the ambiance in this restaurant is actually very nice and enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing dining experience ! was here with a group of girls for my friends birthday and we had so much fun . the service was amazing . our waiter was extremely attentive the food was out of this world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend scarpetta to anyone traveling to vegas . this was one of the best italian restaurants i have ever been to . they have one of the best views of the fountains and the strip . i had the short rib agnolotti and the chocolate cake for dessert . the pasta was like little pillows of heaven . in addition , neal , mario and the rest of the staff were amazing . five stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great food . our server went out of his way and asked the chef to prepare our meal as per our request . that was really nice of the chef . food was amazing and there is not much to say . great food great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the scarpetta in nyc and it was an easy 5stars . the vegas version has a great location in the cosmo , but the food and service did n't quite knock my socks off like the genuine article . try the fritto misto and spaghetti with tomato and basil for a great taste of italy , but if you want to experience what scarpetta can really deliver you have to go to nyc ! ! definitely worth a shot if you 're rich and hungry for italian lol..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ... excellent food and service ! we were treated like royalty from start to finish ! we were a party of seven and fun but not an easy crowd ! they handled us with ease and professionalism . we are locals and usually get excellent service because we are but they went above and beyond ! everything was hot and delicious ! from the lamb down to the lobster fettuccine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "open table was n't showing any reservation openings and we wanted to go after seeing the k\u0101 cirque du soleil . my husband called and easily made a reservation . when we arrived we were seated right away ( even after arriving early ) . ambiance : is beautiful and we got seated next to a window with a great view of the bellagio water fountain . bread : the bread came in a delicious assortment along with citrus infused olive oil , marscapone butter , and eggplant . so good . beverage : i ordered a cocktail which i am having trouble remembering the name but it was great . food : i ordered the tagliatelle ( truffle zabaglione , guanciale & spring vegetables ) . the pasta was perfection in both texture and tasta . very tasty , good portion , & i would definitely order it again . service : was wonderful ( because we are young we often get treated with less quality service at more upper class restaurants - no issues here though ) scarpetta is on the pricier side of las vegas dining but we did n't walk away regretting anything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never underestimate the power of spaghetti ! clean flavor not overshadowed by anything unwelcome . full body tomato basil sauce and impeccably crafted pasta so delicious you 'll never look at spaghetti the same again . the rib cap was described as `` the best thing i 've ever eaten '' by my husband . so , if you are unsure of what to order , the rib cap is a must . my sister has a severe gluten allergy and struggles to find any restaurant that not only understands the risk of cross contamination but offers an entire menu of gluten free options . she was she able to order gluten free pasta and said it was incredibly delicious . no easy feat when making any dish , let alone pasta , for such an allergy . not only is scarpetta accommodating and inviting but the dishes are made with unbelievable skill by chefs who are truly passionate about their craft . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner with a group for work . the best appetizer was the grilled octopus . i had the lamb , it was terrible . dry and about 5 pieces . not good at all . colleagues said veal chops were good . wine sucked . their suggestions were crap . i 'd go back for the appetizer , nothing else . the service was really good and they were very attentive . seems very overrated and overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could put 10 stars i would ! food is beyond amazing from appetizers to deserts . service excellent . thank you so much for great time and experience ! definitely coming back again ! it 's a must ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dined here a week ago with one of my friends and enjoyed the meal . we each decided to order a couple of courses . i went with the yellowtail app and 2 pastas , my friend went with the yellowtail , a pasta , and the duck . we both thoroughly enjoyed the yellowtail . for the pastas i had the black tagliolini and the duck & foie gras ravioli . both were excellent , although the foie ravioli was a little too rich for how much they gave you . my friend liked the spaghetti but he did say it was a bit over sauced for his likings . he did rave about the duck . overall i would come back . the pastas all looked great and would do something similar of trying a couple of them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service , the food and the view of the bellagio fountains was incredible ! i was very excited to eat here as i am a chopped fan and scott conant is a judge on the show . the food exceeded my expectations , it was delicious . ca n't wait to eat there again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good and a great view of the bellagio fountains . service was on point . good spot for a date . worth spending a little more and skipping docg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in for the spaghetti - walked away full and completely satisfied . totally worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the house spaghetti was so so bad . i would have paid $ 6 for it . it was plain and i ca n't believe that is their house specialty . the foie gras ravioli was good . service was not so great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a fantastic restaurant . a very unique dining room with spectacular views of the bellagio fountain . the design of the dining room is open and not your traditional tables lined up next to one another . the food is sensational . the portions are on the smaller side - but that was refreshing considering the ounces and ounces of steak i had during my vegas trip . the pasts dishes are exquisite and the sashimi was perfect . the bar scene was non existent on the saturday night i was there , but the dining room had a great pulse . i recommend a pre dinner drink at the many cool spots of the cosmopolitan hotel and then come enjoy a fantastic meal at scarpetta .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "actually quite a nice experience here . we had a light early dinner here in the bar lounge area . we were not allowed in the main dining hall due to a friend 's attire ( he had just got out of marquee , their pool club ) . i do n't even fine italian food very often , but color me happy here . the bread basket was awesome ! they had a salami bread in there ... ask for extra : ) the olive tapenade they served it with was also stellar . i could eat that stuff alone . ordered the duck + foie gras ravioli . it was really good . friends ordered the spaghetti due to some rave reviews from my friend who had been here before . i thought the spaghetti was good , but not $ 25 good . the duck+foie gras ravioli was possibly worth the $ 27 they charged for it . we sat in the lounge , so maybe did n't get the full dining experience , so charging the full dining room price for lounge food knocked the experience down some . almost a 5 star place imo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we choose scarpetta for our 25th anniversary dinner which we booked in early january with hopes of sitting by a window overlooking the bellagio fountains but wound up to our disappointment sitting further back with a view of the building instead . but that was our only complaint . the food although not inexpensive was excellent . the fusion of flavors left you wanting more . we shared the burrata with beets , then the short rib with bone marrow agnolotti . both excellent and topped the night with a very creamy and light souffl\u00e9 . they really know how to make espresso just like you get in italy . great service and delicious food made for a wonderful night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really ca n't give it 5 stars , as a matter of fact , quality of food vs price , most things we orders were not worth the prices . it 's pretty much capital grill prices or even higher with lesser quality food service . their bruchetta was whateva , and the fillet was ok also . i asked to cook medium , and if came out fully cooked . i think the best part was maybe bread and their hostess lydia .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "las vegas is my least popular destination in the us , but business takes me here twice a year . i visited scarpetta for a business dinner today and i 'm effusive about the experience . the food and service were absolutely sublime . the menu was a culinary tour of pleasures with a full palate of distinctive flavors . everything i sampled was exquisite . simply put : scarpetta is an extraordinary restaurant that i would recommend wholeheartedly . understand that it 's a premium price for a premium product , but well worth the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the top dining experiences of my life ! the food was fantastic ; the strawberry rhubarb souffle may be the best dessert i 've ever had . the service was just about perfect ; knowledgeable waiter ; we were not rushed ; beautiful presentation . i did not think that it was overpriced given the quality of the experience . i will definitely return when i am in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous , extremely personable service . every course was excellent , from the creative cocktails through the luscious desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in vegas over the 4th of july weekend with some friends and family . we decided to give scarpetta a try since it sounded nice and was close to our hotel . the restaurant is beautiful and the wait staff was great ( very friendly , polite and professional ) . the view from the restaurant is on the bellagio fountains , which was very nice ( you actually get a nice panoramic view of part of the strip ) . as for the food , i was pleasantly surpised . i had the duck foie gras ravioli and it was quite nice . my girlfriend had the pici pasta which was absolutely amazing ! if you are in vegas and looking to have a nice dinner i would say head over to scarpetta .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here for a group dinner and though i am a vegetarian , the chef was able to make a very delicious lentil plate and good pasta dish . i saw the others in the group enjoy their dishes and i have been to scarpetta in nyc so i knew this scarpetta wont disappoint me and it surely did not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decor is amazing . they have a beautiful view of the strip and the interior is quite cozy with the low light setting . the food in general was pretty good . the scallop and spaghetti were both so yummy ! the noodle was slightly too al dente for me , but the sauce was so amazing . the duck foie gras ravioli had a strong foie gras taste to it . i could n't really taste the duck . my least favorite of the night had to be the veal dish . the meat was dry and very lackluster . the most amazing thing was the bread basket . it comes with a variety of dips and breads . there is one warm bread with salami embedded in the inside . i wish i have a whole basket of that ! anywho , i would definitely come back for the bread and to try the spaghetti again . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was incredible . we ordered the lardon wrapped prawns and it came on a bed of lentils that blew my mind . my husband had the pork chop which was definitely the best we 've ever had . i ordered the short rib agnolotti which was beautifully prepared . the service was cold and rushed which absolutely ruined our overall experience . although it seemed to probably resemble how it really is in italy . get in , get out , and good day . i would have really valued a `` spiel '' of the menu and the restaurant and maybe some suggestions . not just `` are you ready to order ? '' there are too many restaurants in vegas to enjoy for me to ever return to this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here just for the famous spaghetti . delicious but definitely pricey at $ 24 . i 'd say this is probably a once in a while treat , but when in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sincere attention not found in most casino restaurants ... . food is a dramatic step upon gourmet chain. , , , wine list rivals all others ... . view of bellagio is fantastic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply amazing in details and taste ! a must for the love of food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a wine pairing dinner this evening . we have had them in california and ny , philly , and miami . i was looking forward to tonight 's dinner but it pains me to say it was really not very good . 1 2 the time the waiters either barely mentioned either the food choice or the wine pairing . when asked they were barely able to name the wine or the reason for the pairing . severely disappointed overall . i will give credit to the waiter however . after about the 3rd or 4th pairing he started sharing his choices for wines and they were better than the choices on the list by far . i hate ever giving bad reviews , but this one was bad overall . sorry", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm a huge scott conant fan thanks to chopped , so while in vegas , i had to try his restaurant . we could n't get in until 10pm , but it was so worth the visit . i enjoyed the crispy fritto misto to start , followed by the apple glazed kurobuta pork chop . that pork chop was by far the best chop i 've ever had . ever ! like seriously ! it was charred perfectly with plenty of juice from the chop . i really did n't even need the apricot mustard . honestly , i could have had the chop alone . well that and the il dolce lemone . for dessert , i indulged in the strawberry souffle with vanilla gelato . everything was impeccable . even the the duck and foie gras ravioli that i tasted from my cousin 's dish ! it was well worth the splurge and would go again . for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum yum . beautiful restaurant in the cosmo hotel with amazing views of the bellagio fountain . the food was absolutely spectacular and i was so happy that they have a separate ( though brief ) vegetarian menu . they also have really great cocktails as well . service is on point and quick . as others have noted , their mascarpone butter to spread on your bread is simply amazing . bottom line , this has to be on your las vegas food trek . i ca n't wait to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my wife 's birthday . we had a table where the view is overlooking bellagio 's water fountain . very nice . the service was awesome and the food was pretty good . first ever restaurant that we encountered where they do n't give anything for birthdays . and we have been to a lot of restaurants , go figure . anything is better than nothing . left with a sour taste ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very unique place . the food is good and they have a great wine selection with good service . if i have any complaints , it is a bit too expensive and it is noisy . the pasta is the best selection . prepared aldente just the way i prefer my pasta . i had a lobster and pasta and it was very tasty . the sauce was over the top good . make a reservation in advance as it is not easy to get into this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would rate this restaurant higher if i could . the service is on point and the food is exceptional . the filet is the best i have ever had . and the signature spaghetti is even better the next day ! probably my favorite restaurant , perfect dining experience . beware.. you will crave it weeks to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with some friends to the 'chef 's table ' at scarpetta last night . the food was outstanding -- we had the tuna carpaccio , special pastas , veal , steak ... .everything was superb . however , the sommelier was pretty much of a con artist . because there is a dining minimum , he sold us a very expensive ( think $ 450 ) bottle of a white burgundy which had almost no flavor at all . ( when he asked , we said we were disappointed , and he gave us a complimentary bottle of champagne , to be fair . ) but beware ! ! ! ! ! we did have a lovely view of the bellagio fountains and the kitchen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "modern , warm and romantic restaurant featuring amazing vegan dishes by scott conant . my recommendations are the focaccia , roasted garden vegetable soup , rosemary braised lentils with broccoli rabe and oven dried tomatoes and tagliatelle with vegetables .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! friendly staffs , amazing foods , nice view to the bellagio water shows and huge selection of wines ! this place is perfect for a date , business meeting or just stopping in with the family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , scarpetta manages to offer a level of refinement above its peers in every dish starting from the bread . i just had oxtail agnolotti from faith & flower in la , scarpetta 's short rib agnolotti blows it out of the water . can not believe there is such discrepency in same star rating , of course everyone has their taste . service is sufficient , but i am here to eat , not to be pampered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best italian restaurant in las vegas . such an amazing pastas , great fish entr\u00e9es and an awesome view to bellagio mountains . this restaurant 'hiding ' in a small hall at the 3rd floor at the cosmopolitan and when you go inside it 's a huge restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a solid 5 star meal for me and my two friends this past weekend . firstly , our server was amazing . i 'm a bit of a pain and he was patient and helpful and very professional . he had great advice , and was very understanding of my gluten allergy ( and i was thrilled that they had a separate gluten free menu ) . every dish ordered was an 'oh wow you got ta taste this '' moment . my friends said the stromboli bread basket with the choice of marscapone butter , lemon olive oil and eggplant caponata kicked off the night . other standouts included the short rib agnolotti , polenta with mushroom ragout and the chocolate cake with almond gelato and salted caramel . even the music was great . i had been hating being in vegas- the riff-raff , over-designed spaces , overpriced fussy but mediocre food , but this restaurant redeemed the trip . note to the management- if you already have a gluten free menu why not put it on the website with the other menus ? ? i wish we had known about this place earlier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "12 29 15 dinner for 6 at 6:00pm . solid 4 stars , would of been 5 but service was poor and i felt we were treated differently because we are young couples and not old rich people . 3 couples , sat right away in a large circular booth that only fit 5 . one member of our party had to sit in a chair . he missed the fountain show and blocked others . i guess the ca n't accommodate a party of 6 . service was poor , had to ask for water , ask about specials , had to ask about the menu and it just felt like we were n't good enough for the wait staff ? anyway , if someone from the restaurant ever reads this you should put more effort into training your staff to treat everyone the same and work on service recovery ! okay food : it was amazing ! i tried all 6 meals and both apps . everything was amazing ! to bad the staff was n't amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the most amazing experience , thank you so much to all the staff ! i made reservations only days before our first wedding anniversary . they gave us the best table in the house , with an incredible view . the entire staff took great care of us and treated us like royalty . it made the entire night one to remember for the rest of our lives . thank you scarpetta ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , atmosphere and service . competitive pricing and food very tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just finished dinner here . would have given this restaurant 4 stars if not for the terrible service from our waiter roberto . he seemed to be completely preoccupied with the couple at the table next to us . after our entrees were cleared and we declined dessert , we waited over 15 minutes for our check before we waved down a passing busboy and asked him to send roberto to our table . rather than coming himself , he sent the busboy with the check even though roberto visited the table right next to us about 5 times after our plates were cleared . we were not rude to him in any way , shape or form so i ca n't imagine why he chose to behave that way . he came by to say sorry as we were signing the check . too bad because the food and atmosphere were nice and it would have been a pleasant experience if he had made the slightest effort .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this low-lit place is very classy and romantic . the service was excellent . our food came out pretty quickly after we ordered . and there are seats next to the window with a nice view of part of the strip . the food : -complimentary bread : a real breadwinner ! there was an assortment of breads that were warm and delicious : focaccia with rosemary , one with mozarella baked into it , one with salami , one with a leafy green in it , and bite-sized one that were crunchy . the bread comes with softened butter ( it was so soft ) , an eggplant tomato sauce , and an olive oil-based dip . -duck and foie gras ravioli : it was delicious . it was plentiful and full of flavor . -endive salad with beets : my gf really enjoyed this . it was presented very well . it had a nice , slightly bitter taste that was well-complimented by the sweetness of the beets that were on the side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant ! ! everything i 've eaten here has been delicious . i 've been here a few times and have had pasta , steak , kobe rib cap steak everything has been awesome . i die for their creamy polenta and their stromboli bread . every time i come to the cosmo i have to eat here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i just randomly searched for an italian restaurant and then found this . the service is great . the waiter was very patient . he gave many useful recommendations for us . tuna & avocado : i think it is tuna sashimi and avocado with a lite lemon juice . it tastes healthy and delicious . filet steak : i ordered for medium . omg , it is perfect . my friend ordered black tagliolini and scallop . she loves both of them so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i had dinner at scarpetta for our anniversary . it was the best meal we had in vegas . from the service to the food is five stars . we shared the tuna carpaccio appetizer as well as one if their special appetizers of a soft cheese , fennel and bread ... i am not a cheese person and it was amazing . for dinner i had the branzino and my wife had their famous spaghetti , both top-notch . be sure to ask for a table by the windows for a good view of the bellagio fountain show ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . this place succeeds in every way , from the food , to the service , to the atmosphere . as it should when you 're paying $ $ $ $ for dinner . another bonus is that if you 're not impressed by all the meat and seafood dishes on the menu , they have a separate vegetarian menu for freaks like me . all you have to do is ask . i was beyond happy . much to my surprise , elegant dining can be found on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't be more happy with my experience here . the ambiance was beautiful and we were seated at the window with a fantastic view of the bellagio . then the staff was sublime . all of them were so friendly , knowledgable , and the service they provided was top notch . our waiter matt even gave us a plate of complimentary treats to congratulate me on my graduation from nursing school . now for the food . the drinks were great and even the bread basket was next level . the stromboli were amazing as well as the spreads for the bread . the special carpaccio was outstanding providing bursts of flavor and texture . then my creamy polenta with fricaseed mushrooms was out of this world life changing . my mom 's squid ink pasta with crab and uni was unbelievable ! and my duck and foie ravioli was so luscious . our coconut panna cotta was a wonderful way to end a fantastic meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no comparison to nyc or miami locations . my favorite dish - that i was so looking forward to in no way compared to the same dish in nyc . ( beef short rib pasta ) all pastas were served more than al dente . would not dine at this location again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been to both the one in beverly hills and las vegas now . i feel that the beverly hills scarpetta is better tasting that the one in las vegas ; however , the service at las vegas was better than that which i received in beverly hills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "party of 10 . ordered entrees , no appetizers & the service felt forever ! there was no friendly gesture of the long wait or even up sale on appetizers or drinks . do n't get me wrong though food was amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my partner took me here for my 22nd birthday . it was one hell of a treat . he was able to get us a chair near the windows with a great view of the bellagio fountains . the lighting was dim , but not too dark and surprisingly quiet and romantic . he ended up purchasing ( not sure what the hell it 's called ) this sort of sampling type thing ... expensive , but we had about 8 courses of food or so . by the time we got to the dessert , i was stuffed . the food was amazing . the service was spectacular . the place looked nice , but expect to spend a little money for this amazing place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i come here again , i 'll just take two of the duck and foie gras ravioli . the pasta is shaped like a duck 's tongue . it has balsamic reduction on top . if you like foie gras , you 'd enjoy this . keep the sauce and dip it with the complimentary bread . we got a couple of other plates , but honestly , i do n't remember !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so yummy ! got the burrata , short rib pasta and my husband ordered the huge rib eye special . i could 've eaten about 3 of my meals ! my hubby called it quits and our waiter told him good effort . overall a great experience . wish they had gelato for desserts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a disappointment . food was overpriced for the portion size , not cooked properly ( pasta undercooked and lobster over seasoned ) , and just lacked any creativity . service was non existent . it took 15 minutes to get a soda and 20 to get bread . try something else in cosmopolitan before this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i tried the duck & foie gras ravioli which had a very rich taste . service was not up to par . when the manager stepped in to serve our table it was phenomenal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant was absolutely dreadful . we ordered the famous spaghetti as a starter which was forgotten about by the server . he informed us that the chef had already thrown out the pasta water ( despite being 30 minutes before close ) . our entrees arrived and only 1 was passable . pasta was undercooked and rubbery . wine selection was mediocre , especially if you 're looking at getting a bottle for under 150 dollars . terrible service , terrible food . you should be ashamed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so disappointed . i come here lookong to have a great time and i am rushed thru the entire experience . first i was asked if i wanted an appetizer within minutes of getting the menu we orderd and within 5 minutes the food was on the table befor our drinks or even the bread was on the table . we then orderd dinner and that showed up within out last bites . we were only there for a total of 45 minutes . if you like being rushed thru dinner this is the place to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for business dinner last night and the seafood ( halibut ) and view were fantastic . jenny , our server was fantastic and we never needed to ask for refills . only reason this review is getting 4 out of 5 stars is the noise level . you had to lean into the conversation and the lights were flickering sometime despite normal weather . overall i will recommend the food and service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is scott conant 's restaurant at cosmopolitan in las vegas . the pasta , as one would expect from his restaurant , is great but so is the entire menu . that 's why we usually have the tasting menu to see all the variety . get it with the wine parings and experience the full range of cuisine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a phenomenal dinner here . i got the black pasta and my boyfriend got the beef ravioli and both were great . if you go you should definitely make a reservation because they get booked . of course we were able to sit in a spacious lounge area and eat dinner without an issue . service was quick and attentive . overall delicious food and a good time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading rave reviews- a bit disappointed . nice decor - waitstaff was polite but a bit inexperienced . the food runners completely described the food incorrectly - with confidence though ... . bread was wonderful . we ordered more ! spaghetti with tomato sauce and basil quite delicious and unexpected . i had pasta with lobster - menza-menza ... . too salty and lobster was soggy and tasteless . the side of asparagus was tasty with an eggy hollandaise-like topping . other diner had black cod said it was ok - not great- ordered a green salad- not on the menu - great croutons - dessert was a strawberry souffl\u00e9 - underwhelming and under baked.. i was not paying the bill but i am so annoyed with restaurants that charge an enormous amount of money for food that is not so consistent or great . hence 2 stars ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the spaghetti , and it was delicious . definitely better than spaghetti i 've had elsewhere , but not the best ( the best was at marea in ny ) . like another person said , the consistency of the noodles was exactly like chinese hand-pulled noodles i had growing up . the sauce was incredible . had a bit of fire , although most people would not notice unless they were looking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sexy restaurant nestled in the cosmopolitan hotel over looking the bellagio fountains . sophisticated flavors and thoughtful presentation ... loved the pici , classic spaghetti , short ribs , and heirloom tomatoes ... the bread basket and accoutrements are to die for ... most of all ... thank you jonathan for your impeccable service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was staying at the wynn and the concierge recommended this place . we were a party of 12 . the food took forever to come out and the service was terrible . the food was excellent though . was it worth the wait ? no . the hotel `` scene '' itself was awesome .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "outstanding ! asato was our server . he was so helpful and nice . the pasta was out of this world . when i told him i wanted tiramisu for dessert ... he went to a neighboring restaurant and got it ... no that is service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was bad to average . the duck was gross and had a weird aftertaste . the lamb rague was decent but it was a little bitter due to the broccoli it had in it . the yellow tail sashimi again was very average . the service was really bad . so if you want average food with bad service you should eat here ... otherwise go somewhere else . the decor and ambiance of the restaurant is very nice , but in vegas that 's pretty much true of most nice places .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is very rare we brave the strip . we went to celebrate so many years of being in love . they sat us by the window , which had a beautiful view of the bellagio fountains . the twenty bench cab was delicious , and the espresso old fashioned was spectacular . we ordered the duck foi gras ravioli , short rib marrow agnolotti , creamy polenta with mushroom ragu , and the branzino . i feel like what i described is the food of the lower class 100 years ago . but sometimes , good , comfortable ingredients , prepared perfectly , and served by roberto , who had a great personality and style , well ... it is worth it . thank you scarpetta for making our night memorable and delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i came here on saturday night with a friend . the bread with 3 dippers ( olive oil , a tapenade and a butter marscapone spread was wonderful . we moved on to sharing 3 appetizers , the scallops , tuna and a caprese salad . the tuna was our favorite , but they were all quite good . i had a spaghetti dish called pici . lobster and spaghetti in a sauce with a spicy finish . the ladies had the short rib agnolotti which was also very delicious . we decided that the pici was the best of the two just because of the wonderful spiciness . all of the pastas were cooked perfectly . the service was great , and we were never rushed to decide what we wanted to eat or to finish anything . it was a wonderful evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had high hopes . i ate at the bar and service was competent , but cold . i ordered a glass of pinot noir that was delicious . i also ordered the yellowtail which was bland and overpriced , though the fish was really fresh . for my entree i had the veal ragu with fettuccine . it was ok , but something i could have made better at home . plus , it was overpriced for what it was . the best part of the meal was the bread basket that contained a stromboli with a side of marscapone , caponata and olive oil . overall , it 's fine , but there are better italian places in vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we love love love this restaurant . it is one of our most favorite restaurants in las vegas . we loving dressing up to come here and the view is out of control amazing ! ! ! they are always extraordinarily helpful and cautious when it come to my food allergies and the fact that i am vegan . the whole staff is awesome here . i would defiantly recommend them , and i will defiantly return ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pasta w basil was decent . good panna cotta .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really liked this place . great view of the bellagio fountains . i had a short ribs appetizer that was next level good , the entree was a pasta that was excellent and for dessert i had pastries stuffed with nutella . read that last sentence again . even the bread is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was so yummy . and what a view ! we got the tuna appetizer to start and it was so good . i got some sort of steak and i remember it being perfectly cooked . and the dessert was absolutely divine . i have eaten at some fine places , and this place was very , very good . better than i expected !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ( luis ) 5 , ambiance 5 and food 4 . they sat us exactly at the time of reservation . they gave us an excellent table overlooking the bellagio fountain . the waiter split our meal - very thoughtful . there were two items that we ordered that really was n't that great 1- carpaccio looks delicious the flavors did n't blend that well . strawberry souffl\u00e9 had great flavor but the sugar crystals was not good . the bread is to die for . the pasta was amazing . overall very good ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upscale italian on the top floor of the cosmo . only had an appetizer and pasta , so limited view , but think i 'd go back for the full experience if i was looking for a high end ( expensive ) italian option . pricier than the new spot over at the cromwell , so might consider that first ( see my review ) . jimmy the bartender is one of the best i have seen in the business . he knows his stuff , is personable and owns his bar ; helpful and pointed in keeping it running with the staff . food was excellent , as was the drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "interesting menu items and unique tastes accompanied by a strong wine list makes this a definite 4 star . the menu is a little limited and the a bit pricey especially for the beef steaks . i was very impressed with the wait staff 's knowledge and recommendations . he was n't shy about recommendations and potential wine pairings . very knowledgeable . something to consider - the six course meal with wine pairings looks great and the wine recommendations looked very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . my review of the nyc location received 5 stars . as of now my wife & i visited 2 different scarpetta locations both nyc & las vegas & while both restaurants were great , scarpetta in nyc blew me away ! ! ! this time i tried the infamous scott conant spaghetti & must say , it was really good . the flavors were alive & the pasta was perfectly al dente . very good . still , the nyc location is better . even the bread basket was slightly off in las vegas but still good . i guess the difference in chefs changed things a little . not to mention service was a little lifeless & cold . still i 'm affectionate about scarpetta . in nyc that is lol .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good restaurant , but slow service and bland taste keeps from being great . group of 10 , had 2-3 waiters sho had trouble remembering to come back and take care of us . we ordered a variety of steaks , pork chops , and duck , and the food was good and prepared to order , but the flavor was noticeably lacking . the most flavorful item we had was the side dish of homemade pasta . that is a sad statement considering that is a side dish on a fairly robust menu . i personally had the duck and while it was cooked properly it was just a very tough piece of meat . i truly wanted to like this place , but being raised italian i would call it italian only by name . the bread was like cracker barrel biscuits and the olive oil was thin and unflavorful . i 'm not sure we would go back , perhaps only in a pinch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "scarpetta can be recommended for an exquisite dining experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , i was in vegas for a fab race scavenger hunt event , and met up with friends the night before the event at scarpetta for what i hoped would be an excellent meal . it did not disappoint . there were some nice-sounding appetizers on the menu , but we bypassed those in favor of ordering the day 's pasta special as our starter . it was linguini with truffle , and it was perfect . possibly the best pasta i 've ever eaten . seriously , i wish i 'd ordered that again as my meal . and then maybe again as dessert . table faves included the aged sirloin , the orata rossa , the scallops and the sunchokes . the roasted baby carrots were also pretty great . the spaghetti was fine , but , honestly , after that starter , it just could n't compete . the gingerbread-pear crisp was the fave dessert , though all were good . the fave wine of the night was the super tuscan , though it was crazy with sediment ( something i 'm surprised they did n't notice before serving it ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wine & appetizers at bar . very good wine list with knowledgable bartenders ( because i dont know my italian wines ) . yummy apps . ca n't wait to come back & dine in main room with its gorgeous strip views . scott , i love u .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible restaurant ! staff is very friendly and attentive . sexy , rustic atmosphere feels elegant , yet not stuffy . the best pasta i have ever had ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing as expected ! coconut panna cotta with guava was devine . wine list was way overpriced , but it 's vegas right ? still gets 5 stars because overpriced drinks in the newer vegas spots at just the way it is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic meal . great service . great atmosphere . creamed polenta is the best . also pici pasta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a party of 11 that stopped in las vegas for a short stop and chose the restaurant based on reviews and hype on yelp . as you can tell from the number of stars we were less than enthralled with the food but especially the service . to start , two of the appetizers were served cold and on the main course one filet was overlooked and one meal for some reason did n't arrive until almost everyone was finished with their meals at no time did anyone even come over to ask how the meal was . given the owners background and supposed attention to detail it was a total disappointment . in a town with so many choices scott conant and scarpetta have been `` chopped `` from my list of places to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i were staying at the cosmo over the christmas break and we decided we wanted some good italian food . and we got it we got ; side of wild mushrooms grilled octopus wild boar spaghetti basil and tomato spaghetti everything was perfect and excellent , their staff was very friendly and attentive . they will not seat you earlier than your dinner reservation , so do n't go too early . their lounge bar area is comfortable to eat at .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on sunday night for my husband 's birthday and it was phenomenal ! the service was outstanding , the food was amazing , and the wine was delicious ! i also want to compliment the lighting and overall ambiance in this place . i know that 's a weird thing to make note of , but it drives me crazy when there is a fab restaurant with crap lighting . this place killed it in that department -- it was warm , cozy , and romantic ( but it 's also a great group spot -- there were tons of groups dining while we were there ) . the sommelier helped us choose the perfect wine that was within our budget . it was super earthy , full bodied , and reminded me of being in italy ! we had the duck and foie ravioli , the black seafood pasta , and the veal and all were outstanding ! i would absolutely eat here again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best part of the meal was the bread basket , it was seriously the best bread i 've ever had . we had the polenta and short rib appetizers and both were amazing . the short rib and bone morrow agnolotti with a brown butter sauce was excellent as was the duck breast . the pici noodles were perfect and perfectly spiced . the flavors were wonderful . the prime filet of beef was ok. we were all stuffed but we had to have the bomboloni and chocolate cake , yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is simply fantastic , from the customer service to the food . reserved a table for the saturday night of memorial day weekend . we had a group of 7 guys and they put us in a private room that had a glass wall separating us from the kitchen , so we got to watch the chefs the entire night . we also had a spectacular view of the bellagio fountain . the waiter was attentive , but not over-bearing and the sommelier 's recommendation were very on spot . the food was fantastic . i highly recommend the wagyu tar-tar as an appetizer . pasta and meats were all cooked perfectly . and for vegas , the prices are very reasonable . a great experience all around . i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am super disappointed on my expectations of this restaurant . first the service sucks ! ! ! the guy who was taken care of us maybe talked to is no more than 5 minutes total . the food was good , bit nothing to really brag about . the restaurant was very pretty and we did have a great view of the bellagio fountains . i would skip this place and go somewhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unfortunately it has gone downhill - two stars for service and food - whereas it used to be one of my faves . we had a large party and the chef refused to give us the tasting menu as a few vegetarians were n't interested - chef said via our server that it would `` ruin the dining experience '' because not everyone would do it . with our dining experience thus ruined by not being able to get the tasting menu , our party almost left , but i convinced everyone to stay because the food had been so stellar before . which was a mistake . service was painfully slow . my burrata was good but tagliatelle was just meh . same mixed experience for the rest of the group . bread was yummy but even with knowing we had vegetarians at the table , they served the meat filled bread in the same basket as the other bread - just lazy . only bright spot worth the extra star was the sommelier who made our night with some great wines . we wo n't return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food and service - perfect , delicious , but the bathrooms , not so much ! i will definitely go back as the menu is amazing and it was n't too loud as some of these places can be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great views , delicious food , very nice waiter ! ! ! my bf ( now fianc\u00e9 ) took me to dinner here and proposed ! ! everything was perfect . first off , i 'm a bread lover and their bread basket is by far the best i have ever had ! ! ! ! we tried the short rib appetizer-very good ! i had the spaghetti for my meal-it was amazing ! my fianc\u00e9 had the special of the day which was a seafood pasta with crab , a lemon sauce and breadcrumbs-he really enjoyed it ! ! they also gave us champagne and a cookie assortment as a congratulations ! ! ! all delish ! ! definitely a must try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there based on the rave reviews , and our table of 6 was frankly disappointed with the food . i had the duck & foie gras ravioli , and it just tasted off . very bland , but also the meat stuffing was just not tasting right . also tried the spaghetti and it was just meh . i know what al dente should be and this was definitely under cooked . at least the bread basket was good . service was just okay . the place looks great though . that 's about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been dying to try this restaurant for a while , hearing all about their special spaghetti really had me hyped . of course as soon as i got a reason for a celebration i choose scarpetta . it was honestly underwhelming . i was expecting the food to be out of this world but unfortunately it was lacking in flavors . i got their butternut squash soup with lobster to start with and found the flavors to be very odd paired together . they were not complimentary to each other . we also got a steak which was good . short rib pasta was great as well . although very greasy . the service was great as expected from a 5 star rated restaurant . i liked the atmosphere . it was modern and seductive . sadly , with so many italian restaurants in town scarpetta will not be the first on my list to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious fine italian dining in las vegas at the cosmopolitan hotel . fresh baked bread is so yummy with the option of vegetarian bread that is a must try ! their dipping spreads with the lemon infused olive oil and eggplant spread is so tasty ! definitely a must if you 're in vegas and want to splurge on a fancy and delicious dinner ! their pasta dishes are delicious as well . i ordered the tagliatelle with truffle sauce and guanciale - except i did n't have the guanciale because i 'm vegetarian . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was ok , we got pici and the portion was small and very fishy tasting . the bread was great and it comes with oil and a butter and a ciabatta which is excellent . i got the roasted organic chicken which was cruncy on the outside and moist on the inside . the wine list is extensive , the glass was pricy . we had a group of 4 guys next to us that had been drinking and they were loud and obnoxious , so it was not the best for me and the wife . it is in vegas so that maybe expected . the pricing seemed a bit high .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went in after a show only to try the duck and foie gras ravioli . we intended to sit at the bar because we thought there would be a wait at 9 on a friday night , but they were able to seat us . the house bread basket was amazing . three different types of bread with a paired dipping sauce . along with the ravioli we ordered the scallops . both were delicious . we had just tried the foie gras ravioli at craft steakhouse , and i think i prefer the filling there . but , the pasta here is so fresh and amazing . the scallops were on point as well ! i would love to come back and try a full dinner here . the service was amazing as well , the server did not care that we were only there to try one dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this restaurant just to try the spaghetti with tomatoes & basil as seen on the food network . unbelievable ! also , ca n't forget the braised beef short ribs with polenta & truffled mushrooms . so many choices in vegas but this is one to check out . wine prices are a bit on the high side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms is to die for ! ! ! in fact , if it were ( one of ) the last thing ( s ) i ate , i could die happy . exquisite flavor and display . just love how every dish comes out with a dome cover and when ready to serve , the food is unveiled . gets me giddy with joy every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came in for dinner last night and it ruined the rest our evening . the hostess was nice enough to seat us at a table with a view of the bellagio fountains . the server garvin approached the table and went over the menu . it went down hill from there . he was rude and was very arrogant . he made us feel as if we were n't good enough to sit in his station . we really wanted to like it here however we will not be back to scarpetta or the cosmo because of the bad taste it left in our mouths .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place was solid but it would really like to five it 3.5 stars because of the cleanliness of the bathrooms . doors were busted and place was a mess . food was good although a little overpriced but hey it 's vegas ! had the foie gras ravioli and polenta with mushrooms", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very impress with the wine sommelier he went out of his way to show us how fresh the colorado lamb was . great place at a great price . if you like pizza , pasta and lamb this place is worth the visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best meal i 've ever had in vegas ! the server was extremely attentive and the food was amazing . i had the pasta with tomato basil sauce and it was honestly the best spaghetti i 've ever had . the servings are n't too big either so we were able to split a dessert , got the strawberry mouse . it was a bit too sweet for me , but still delicious , and the coffee i had with it helped tone down the sweet . will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good , not great . service severely lacking , at least at our table . portions not comparable with the prices but could have been overlooked had our waiter been more professional and customer service oriented . management really should choose their employees more carefully , and that would include front of the house . as for the window seating ... .where to begin . it really needs to be stated that even though there is window seating with view of the strip , there is a very large horizontal beam ( which happens to be at eye level when seated ) that obstructs your view . restaurant should have made design considerations with regard to seating and tables to accommodate for that beam . better places -hands down- in vegas to spend a little less of my hard earned money and receive a better meal and better service !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "authentic italian food and house made pasta -- the only way to enjoy italian food . scarpetta was a lovely experience . the duck foie gras ravioli was great but the stand out was definitely the spaghetti -- cooked to perfection . the orata ( branzino ) was nicely done , too . while i 'd pass on the chocolate cake which tasted a bit generic , my favorite of the night was the pana cotta -- delicious ! the service was decent -- slightly snobby but it comes with the territory . i 'd love to dine here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i generally do n't eat out at very many fancy places . this is about as fancy as i get . i came here with a bunch of colleagues from work , and one of the people in my dinner party was a well-to-do doctor who eats here often and knows everyone at the restaurant . this is an awesome restaurant . the view outside the panoramic window overlooks the fountains at bellagio . it 's an amazing view ! i had multiple appetizers shared among my party , a pasta dish as an entree , and several desserts . everything was perfect . i did n't get a chance to look at the bill , but i 'm sure it was substantial . like several hundred dollars . but it was worth the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the most prestigious dinning experiences in las vegas . apart from the unbelievably amazing food , the service and the view are unparalleled . a must when visiting the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nailed it again ! great food . amazing service . great ambiance . one of my favorite restaurants in the world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here several time for company events . impressed with how they served the large group . both times we took over the whole restaurant . calamari , ravioli , salad and beef tenderloin i had left nothing to be desired . the house wine they served was tasty . i would come back here on my own .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here before and typically enjoyed our dinner , however this time was certainly different . garvin tried to be attentive , however it was clear that if we were n't going to spend a certain amount we were not ok from his perspective regardless of who ordered what . we also had to ask for more bread twice . despite my husband and i ordering a fair amount and asking for our friend 's name to be spelled correctly on her dessert for her birthday party ( showing garvin how it was spelled ) it was incorrect and disappointing . on top of that , the waiter hit me in the head with the plate as he served the table behind us . really ? ? conant we had more stringent expectations of your staff ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great short rib pasta , very snobby service . skip the crispy fritto appetizer - it 's a joke . it actually probably was the worst part of our meal . why is this on the menu ? $ 18 for fried salty breading , really ? but good job on the pasta !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reserve a table ! this place is great ! we were barely able to squeeze in a reservation during labor weekend , but it was well worth it . the staff is extremely nice and tentative . their starter bread is amazing ! they give you a basket with different varieties of bread as well a three toppings : mascarpone butter , eggplant , and citrus olive oil . this is probably one of these best bread starters i 've had . the best dish was the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti . cocktails were delicious as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second visit in the past couple of years , and the food is simply amazing ... amazballs as usher would say . everything is perfection . my girlfriend is a vegetarian and they separated the bread into two baskets so the bread with the meat was not touching the other bread - that 's service , right ? my only complaint would be the noise level , or the size of the two-top at whic we were seated . i like a hum in a restaurant , but we were too far from each other to speak in our indoor voices and be heard . if we were closer together it would n't have been an issue . pretty minor issue , really ... last time i was here i sat on the window and did n't notice the noise , this time i was pretty much in the middle of the room between the bar and the window , so that could be it as well . perhaps next time we could request a window seat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really excited for our dinner to scarpetta with some friends . the service was good , but the food was very underwhelming . i just expected more from scott conant . the food was n't bad , just average and at the prices you 're paying to dine here the food better not be average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what an amazing view of the bellagio hotel . this restaurant is so nice and very romantic with its dimmed lights and wonderful view of the fountain . our waiter was very nice and had tons of information to give us about every item we ordered . i enjoyed my meal here and the service was great . i will visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an amazing dinner monday night . we did the tasting menu ( $ 110 per person ) , and we were not disappointed ! my favorite was the duck . . tender , juicy , perfectly seasoned . oh and the short rib agnolotti amazing ! there was a substitution on the fish with a fish sauce that neither of us ate ( way to fishy ) , but they gave us a wine paring to off set , and it did n't take away from the meal.. great service , great atmosphere ( ask for a window table ) and sit back and enjoy . .. ! oh , and our somalia was outstanding . ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy we came here . nice seat facing bellagio fountains . started with the crispy fritto like - a fried julienned mix of zucchini and squid . for those opposed to squid or seafood this may be a nice introduction . hubby ordered the veal chop . it was stellar- the grill flavor , tender all the way through and that can be iffy with veal . i had the spaghetti- what a simple dish , right ? but the fresh ingredients with the perfect al dente of the pasta , highly recommended . finished with , embarrassing forgot the name ! i would say nutella filled donuts . given our seat i understand and appreciate the low light in that the bellagio fountains are the star here . yet it was a tad dark to my personal taste- or maybe i was just in a mood that night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelpers , your reviews hype it up again . the service was good , but the food , in my opinion is eh , okay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love the pasta at scarpetta . classy and elegant atmosphere and a great dinner spot before exploring all that las vegas has to offer . all of the entrees i sampled were delicious and the dessert was really delicious and served in a very cute fashion . try scarpettas before a fun night out on the town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , had a table overlooking the bellagio fountains . service was top notch as is with most higher end restaurants in lv duck & foie gras ravioli - very good polenta with mushrooms - really exceptional . smooth and real depth of flavours in the sauce . spaghetti - just so much depth and flaour in such a simple dish of pasta , tomato & basil . lamb - well prepared , wine selection - great selection $ 100+", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place will definitely go back . had the grilled octopus appetizer . had to be the best octopus ive had . for dinner ordered the salmon omg it was mouth watering and my other half ordered the lobster pasta . off the hook . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "returned to scarpetta last night ! it is consistently one of the `` best '' dinning experiences in the entire city of las vegas . mike the wine steward made it even more special , thank you . just trust me when i say this , from the time you enter the restaurant to the time you leave , everything from service , wine , food is exceptional . the staff is really really well trained and very very nice . make you feel like family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had dinner here the other night and it was tremendous . the atmosphere is stunning with sweeping views and the bellagio fountains right outside the window . the waitstaff was the most pleasant of any restaurant we dined in on our trip ; sociable , charming and very attentive . i ordered the grilled spanish octopus & squid with ceci beans , caperberries & smoked paprika vinaigrette , the short rib agnolotti with brown butter , horseradish & toasted breadcrumbs and the mascarpone cheesecake with harry 's berries , rhubarb , pistachio cream & milkshake . the meal was one of the best i 've ever eaten ; truly exceptional . the dessert was divine . i ca n't say enough about this place . i am still dreaming about my meal ! ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their cheese bread is amazing ! ! it might be on a secret menu cause our server was confused , but the lord heard my prayers and cheese bread with salami was delivert ! amen , spaghetti was coo too ! ! k bye thankssss", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried this place because we watch the chopped on food network all the time and wanted to try chef scott 's food . i think i definitely have had better fine dines than my experience here . very beautiful and intimate place as being a luxury in lv is kinda basics . anyways , we tried their pasta dish with short rib , which the short rib was missing on that plate . i do n't know where it was incorporated . if i was a chopped judge i would have taken points off for not really tasting this main ingredient in that dish . the horseradish was definitely the main kick in that dish . we also tried the bronzini fish dish which was pretty good and made to perfection . we tried our friends dish who got the foi gras ravioli and that was the highlight of the table . for desert we got the little round donuts which were pretty good . i have to mention that the bread service was definitely one of a kind with some bread baked with some kinda salami .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was really impressed with the service and the food we had . special mention to chef betty for the spectacular desserts . a must if you are in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "server was knowledgeable and polite . seated in the corner by the window over looking the water show . amazing . spaghetti is a small portion , but delicious and filling . meatballs are very tiny like pellets . i loved it . oysters were delicious with the champagne . great place for a date . my date really enjoyed it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious food and amazing service ! will definitely be coming back tomorrow ! highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very expensive . $ 24-27 for vegetarian pasta plates . however , i enjoyed my basil tomato spaghetti . the pasta are freshly made and tasted great . the bread basket and dips were delicious . the ambience is wonderful , upscale , and unique . the service was a little slow but we had a large party . the waiters were very friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the finest establishments in all of alas vegas . the service is incredible , it is second only to the food . my girlfriend and i came here for our three year anniversary . we had the risotto , delicious spaghetti and ravioli . all of the dishes impressed us substantially . i would recommend that anybody vacationing in vegas come here , and i would advise the locals to live in this restaurant . # scarpettaislit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this will become one of my go-to vegas restaurants ! i read the reviews on the spaghetti and yes , it 's probably the most unassuming this on the menu , but for sure the best spaghetti i 've ever had ! ! it would be hard for me to order anything else on the menu , yet there are so many more things i want to try . and dessert . get dessert . the nutella and vanilla italian donuts were amazing . i could have eaten a plate of those for dinner . they have a very extensive wine list , but it is all pretty pricey for a bottle . a bottle of oyster bay pinot noir was $ 84 . i do n't mind paying for a good wine but oyster bay is far from worth $ 84 . however , we did find a nice bottle for $ 115 . but their wine list ranged from $ 84 to about $ 8000 . so there is something for almost everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here for a bachelorette party dinner during a trip to vegas . i would definitely say save your money and go elsewhere . the restaurant is nice inside the cosmopolitan but the food was extremely small portioned . i paid $ 35 for appetizer special of the day : 2 scallops ! for entree i had the scriti pasta dish . good squid ink but very bland in seasoning and also very scant for the price . service was good waiter was attentive . ambiance left something to be desired . someone puked in the ladies bathroom and was n't cleaned . skip this place and go elsewhere !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bone marrow agnolotti was amazing . the other four pastas i tried were below average . spaghetti was boring , i dislike foie gras . the caramel dessert was awesome . tiramisu was great . the other two desserts were average . service was good . kinda pricey", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chicken was super good . complimentary bread . portions are very small . very nice restaurant . i was very disappointed in the short rib w risotto though . it was about $ 30 for 2 thin slices of beef & a scoop of rice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the filet . great service . nice atmosphere . great view . affordable for an upscale restaurant on the strip . highly recommend for a nice restaurant without having to spend a fortune .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highlights of our truly amazing meal at scarpetta include some of the best handmade pasta dishes i have ever had . while the more complex agnolotti were delicious and certainly worth a repeat order , the best of all were the simplest : spaghetti with tomato and basil ; pici with lobster . appetizers and meat courses were also terrific , but secondary to the pasta . the one notable exception was a rib cap ( cap of the rib eye ) , which i have never seen on a menu . it was tender , perfectly cooked , and literally bursting with a rich , fatty , beefy flavor . service was top notch , though we were in a private room with dedicated wait staff . the bar , though narrow , offered a fine selection of liquors with bartenders who know how to make a decent cocktail . for an aperetif , i strongly recommend the aperol spritz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really was looking forward to this dinner . we had an excellent table and the service was amazing . great wine list ! ! unfortunately the food was very mixed . the ravioli got rave reviews , but the spaghetti ( which was highly recommended by the waiter ) was bland and tasteless . will give this another shot ... .but would n't be my first choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is an amazing restaurant that provides great food and service . we were celebrating our friend 's wedding and let them know when we booked the reservation . we assumed we would get a nice booth but the server surprised us and took us to a private dining room that had a clear view to the kitchen and over looked the bellagio fountains . jennie was our waitress and she did a great job as well as the waiter helping her ( i think his name was rod or rodolfo ) . jennie walked us through the menu and provided recommendations and was conscious of the vegetarians in our group . everything we ordered was great and the ambiance just added to the experience . this restaurant is on the pricey side but a definite must for any special occasion or splurge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is awesome ! service was good . booked through open table . one of the best 3 course meals i had in vegas ! i came here with my sister for a nice dinner . bread basket was so good i wanted more , it came with butter , eggplant spread and olive oil . each of the bread was different . they put it in layers and it was warm . we ordered the yellow tail , short rib agnolotti and fennel black cod . we were able to sit near the window overlooking the bellagio fountains . we ordered cocktails as well . i got the berry smash it was fruity but not too sweet just the right bite of alcohol . my sis got the scarpetta cosmo it was equally delightful . there was no room for dessert we were both full . i like also how they split our dishes because we were sharing . i want to go back for more and try other pastas as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tomato basil pasta was out of this world ! the bread basket had a vegetarian stromboli that tasted amazing . my husband could n't get enough of the eggplant caponata that comes with the bread ! ! the service was very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adequate food , but sketchy impersonal service ... we went last weekend to celebrate a birthday with a party of six ... no waiter greeted us or identified himself as our sever ... nice bottle of white wine poured during cocktails to get warm ... plates were placed at the wrong guest ... one of the orders was wrong and had to be redone leaving the other plates to get cold ... watch out though for the double check ... check was brought to me ... i gave my credit card ... when the receipt came back to sign it had been run through at $ 100 more without explanation ... . i called the manager the next day ... he expressed concern , but did nothing to correct the problem ... at the end of the day , seems to be just another case of cynical strip restaurant management ... too bad , we had wanted to check out this restaurant for awhile ... probably should have gone with milos that night ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "scott conant , you are very good my friend . hats off to you . the spaghetti was probably the best spaghetti we 've ever had , period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know what all the hype is for . we had the spaghetti and short rib pasta and it was so very below average , i can not tell you . the sauce on the spaghetti had no flavor and there was hardly any short rib in the agnolotti . i ca n't believe this place has so many good reviews . there are so many other good places to eat in vegas , this is not it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! ! the ambiance is perfect , dark , sensual , mysterious and exciting . high end . definitely recommend the pre fix courses !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta was so amazing and the spaghetti was as good as everyone says . great service and atmosphere . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and ambiance was perfect ! the service was immaculate . we had 5 people taking care of us . about the food- it was absolutely delicious ! i tried salmon , which was perfectly seasoned and moist , mushrooms- perfect choice of variety in yummy sauce , and the plate of octopus , which was my favourite ! definitely recommend it if you are a foodie and want to spend a romantic dinner with someone special or your friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sommelier was too harsh with the wine pouring . we were still working on our appetizers when they tried to rush us to move to the pasta dishes . big no-no ! ! dishes were good but not worth the vegas price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very modern and chic italian restaurant . nice ambiance , good lighting and fabulous view overlooking the bellagio fountains so be sure to request a window seat ! food is delicious and fresh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a group dinner here last weekend . from the start to the end , the manager and staff at the restaurant were very accommodating and attentive . the manager , kelli , was very helpful on setting up a family style dinner and was amazing to work with . the food was delicious and the portions were very generous for a family style meal . we had 3 of their staff attending to our table . they even accommodated one of the guests who had celiac disease at the last minute ! we had an amazing time here and would definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had such high hopes for scarpetta . we came on a sunday night at 6:40pm , a bit late for our reservation but we were seated promptly . the bread came quickly , and was amazing . there was sourdough , a type with meat in it , ciabatta , and some other small roll . it came with olive oil , tomato , and cheese mixed with butter as toppings , which were really delicious . the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms was also quite amazing , especially on the bread . for some reason though , when our entrees came , everything just went downhill . the duck and foie gras ravioli just tasted weird and a bit too salty . the short rib agnolotti was n't very tender or flavorful . the vegetable spaghetti was a bit better and the broccoli was pretty good . overall though , a bit disappointed . perhaps it was just an off night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly , i was n't expecting great food from a swanky restaurant in las vegas on the strip ... but i was wrong . scarpetta offers wonderful italian food at reasonable prices , for the quality and service . their bread is to die for ... seriously , i could eat a loaf of that gooey , spinach bread with butter . i also loved the rosemary foccacia . we enjoyed the tuna appetizer , the filet , and their signature spaghetti dish and everything was perfectly executed and delicious . the bombino ( sp ? ) dessert was a great way to end the meal . honestly , we had zero complaints and just had a really wonderful dinner . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott conant 's place in the cosmo is really nice and the food is delicious . the service was first class , i felt like i was aboard the titanic , haha . the waiter knew his shit and helped me and my buddies pair our dishes perfectly with some wines , and we 're not quite wine guys , but we all enjoyed it . the desert , chocolate cake , was so rich and delicious and the caramelized almond sorbet made it . eat here and smile . thanks place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , food , and ambience . one of the best in vegas . an all around a+ restaurant . highly recommend ! ! ! ask to get a window view -- well worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a review for their social hour , which is 5 ; 30-7 m-thurs . it is a perfect place for a drink and good quality quick bites before a show -- everything on the menu , including cocktails , is $ 7 , which was a spectacular deal , especially for the location . we ordered the truffled polenta , which was rich and full of umami flavor . -fritto misto was tasty , has shrimp and squid in it as well as veggies and lemon -arancini were crisp and flavorful -short rib agnolotti had good amounts of beef in there so you could really taste it , but they were a bit oily a big treat was complimentary house-made potato chips that were still warm . you get a big bowl of them ! it 's a nice way to be able to sample several dishes from the regular dinner menu , and service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful experience ! mark was able to provide such an incredible guide for us . we both started with a cocktail - he got the mule and i took the servers recommendation with the basil refresher . we both decided to eat vegetarian and the tomato basil spaghetti did not disappoint . i ordered the buratta salad . we shared the broccoli rabe . everything was incredible ! we shared a bottle of chianti , explained in depth by mark , and was able to fully enjoy all bites of our food . we finished off with a mango marscapone cheesecake . well done to the staff and management . this place was such a treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great looking place , great sevice . food expensive and very small portions . if you 're into this kind of place it 's worth a try if you see something you like on the menu . the food was ok , not awesome for the price . just not my way of paying through the nose and leaving hungry only to look at pizza slices served a few doors down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "4 thumbs up ! what a great place to have a romantic dinner ! the wait staff was very knowledgeable regarding all the items on the menu . portions are a bit small , so i suggest ordering a few items for each course and sharing . the octopus app is a good starter , all the pastas were made fresh in house and tasted amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the most authentic italian restaurants in the states . not a fan of the cosmopolitan hotel , but scarpetta e veramente delizioso .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd give it more stars if i could . i 've been to both the lv and the bh locations and it 's definitely one of my favorite restaurants on earth . from the bread basket to the agnolotti to the famous spaghetti to the caramel budino to the gorgeous view -- it 's all simply amazing . the service is wonderful which makes the experience even better . i make a stop every time i 'm in vegas and i hope to try his other locations too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good restaurant . the view is incredible and the food is equally as good as the scarpetta in miami . while eating you can enjoy the bellagio water show . i ate fabulous pasta . however , we did n't have time to try some desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome scenery and great service . not to mention the food was spectacular . for a nice dinner night i would highly recommend . be sure to get reservations", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went there to celebrate our anniversary . our table faced the bellagio and were entertained by their fountains all night long . the service was extraordinary . we started with the polenta . woooowwww ! amazing texture and flavor . our second dish was short rib agnolotti . spectacular horseradish sauce and the breadcrumbs add a very interesting and fun texture . for the main dish my wife ordered another agnolotti . this time it was the sheep milk with shaved summer truffles and parmesan emulsion . this dish is nothing short of brilliant . i had a newly added dish . it was the kobe rib cap . this was served beautifully med rare over homemade gnocchi , variety of mushrooms and with a barolo reduction . this was probably the best bite i 've ever had ! ! ! we will definitely come back soon ! great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i generally do not write reviews but our experience this past weekend requires that i warn others before you drop serious $ $ for dinner . net : good service , nice ambiance , marginal food , outrageous cost . i 've had fine dinners all over the world and this would rate on the bottom in terms of taste , portion , and quality . it would also rank as one of the most expensive . i ordered prime tartare -- it was ( no joke ) 1 inch in diameter and virtually no taste . it cost $ 22 ! our other guest ordered spaghetti and it was very average . there is n't a single bottle of wine under $ 100 . this place is a complete rip off ( we dropped $ 450 for four people ) and not worth your hard-earned money . you can get better tasting food , better portions , and a fair price somewhere else . stay away unless you prefer to throw your money away .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the ambiance and view of the las vegas strip was amazing ! i 've tasted so many different spaghettis and the only spaghetti that i 've ever liked is my moms and the one at scarpetta . the sauce was just a perfect taste . my sister had the duck foie gras ravioli and my other sister had the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti which both dishes were amazing . the food came out in less than ten minutes . the waiters were very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unreal spaghetti . i know , it 's spaghetti you say . easy enough . it 's amazing . saw it on the techniques episode of no reservations , tried it , then had to punch myself for not trying it sooner in ny . everything else was great too . yellowtail and fritto misto to start , spaghetti and black cod to finish . highlight was the spaghetti though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far one of the best filet 's i have ever had . luis the server was very knowledgeable as well and they met my gluten free dietary needs . the atmosphere is very pleasant . if your in vegas i highly recommend giving this place try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well the view alone makes this a spectacular dining experience . ask to sit near the window when making reservations so you have a nice view of the bellagio fountains at night . we started off with the creamy polenta with mushrooms and oh sweet god was it delicious . every single bite was amazing . we then ordered the duck foie gras ravioli and the spaghetti with marinara sauce . i know spaghetti sounds like such a simple thing to order but our waiter was raving about it . he was right- it was done to perfection . i will have to try the scarpetta in nyc and see how it compares", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious ! they got us a last minute reservation on a saturday night . the fettuccine with veggies was outstanding . the pici dish was also very good . the service was great , constantly refilling our waters and giving us more bread . it is very expensive , but worth it for a night out in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the signature spaghetti and meatballs . this was an ok meal ... meatballs were small and tasteless- a bit hard as if they had been cooked hours earlier . sauce was nothing special . nice homemade noodles . not worth $ 32 . mixed greens salad with beets was a basic salad . decent flavor but , again , not worth $ 16 . all in , for spaghetti and meatballs , mixed green salad and glass of house wine , our bill for 2 people was $ 170 . i live in la so i 'm used to paying a lot to eat out , but this meal was n't worth it . too many other great places to eat in vegas . ( bread was delicious ! ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great atmosphere fitting for group night out , intimate enough for dates and business dinners alike . beautiful view looking out to the bellagio . we ordered : primi ... yellowtail sashimi +++++ ( more please ! ) tomatoe mozzarella salad ++++ scallops +++++ pasta ... spaghetti ++++ ( pasta is made daily in house ) secondi ... spiced duck breast +++ ( a bit chewy and star anise overpowered the duck just enough to make it not as enjoyable ) finished the meal with napoleon creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e , and it was just divine . i had a light bordeaux ( ? ) which was absolutely divine with the duck . it was one our waiter recommended so other waiters may know as it may be chef recommended . i will absolutely come back . in fact , i feel like checking out the one in nyc now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i cheated : i sampled a few of the scarpetta dishes at the media opening of the cosmo . so i knew their pasta was ace . but i wanted a full plate , and i finally got to indulge when some friends from out of town wanted to chow somewhere classy but fun , cool , not outrageously expensive , etc . their spaghetti w tomato sauce accomplishes so much out of so little . like rao 's , it 's all about the ingredients . the pasta itself has such a consistency and texture that you want to chew each mouthful until it 's too fine to chew anymore . i could have downed another plate ( just not at $ 25 ) . oh : the tuna `` roll '' appetizer is delish , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love scarpetta ! snake river rib cap is a must ... not to mention you can go up the the chandelier bar and get some great cocktails pre and post . we brought a baby and it was totally cool . ca n't wait to go back ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here . the ambiance was nice , but the room was a little dim . i had the duck foie gras ravioli -- it was quite tasty . and i liked the bread . the service was alright . not once did the waiter come back and ask how we liked our dinner . the place was quite busy-so make reservations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seeing scott on tv , i naturally thought he was full of it . boy was i in for a surprise , the food at scarpetta was amazing from start to finish . most restaurants on the strip with with a celebrity chef name are just that - an overpriced restaurant with subpar food living off their name . to start i had the polenta which is to die for ! they bring wild mushrooms in a sauce table side and pour it over your dish . as a second course we shared the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti , also highly recommend this dish . main dish consisted of the prime beef once again delicious . for once a high profile chef and restaurant lives up to the hype . hail to the pasta king !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a nice romantic dinner with a view of the bellagio fountains ! staff is so nice and the food was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the most over priced italian restaurants i 've experienced . the portions were miniscule while the prices were stratospheric . the quality was so-so . my raviolis were so dry they were hard to swallow . the gingerbread desert was unremarkable for $ 11 . pasta dishes were in the $ 20-30 . better make sure there is a mcdonald 's in the area to hit after this dinner ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lovely restaurant with a view of the bellagio fountains and a romantic atmosphere . you 're given a bread bowl at the beginning of the meal with a nice array of breads with olive oil , butter , and an eggplant dipping sauce . the bread was amazing . we started with the black tagliolini , a pasta with squid ink , crab , and fish roe . it was a unique dish with a delicate flavor . the roe provided little bursts of sweetness which complimented the crab nicely . i had the branzino , which was perfectly executed . it was served with a saffron broth poured over it at the table . another beautiful dish with delicate flavors . i do wish that some ellement of it had a bit more `` pop . '' overall a very nice meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a very pleasant experience at scarpetta on monday night . the food was 5 star all the way in our minds , however our service was a bit hit and miss . luckily the support staff was really fantastic . the menu itself can be a bit intimidating so i looked to our server for advice , he briefly listed ingredients to me , not taste which is very important for me . also one big thing we did not like , by any means , was not only being served from our right but from behind . during the course of service the staff kept reaching from behind in our booth which was not just annoying , but actually uncomfortable . we felt like school kids who were practically told to sit still . it was very odd ... . the hits were the short rib app , and the gazpacho soup the foie gras and duck ravioli , which is n't as gamey as is sounds surprisingly and spaghetti was tremendous ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why this place does n't have a higher rating . i think it 's when people get things that are n't the pasta , which is the star and should really be the only thing on the menu . the pasta is fantastic . we skipped all the starters and just shared 3 pastas because we could n't decide : the duck & foie ravioli ( amazing ) , seafood pici ( super thick chewy noodles , delicious seafoody sauce and lobster , with a kick of spice ) and short rib angolotti , which was the best thing we had . all the pastas were cooked properly al dente . we also had a side of broccoli rabe , which was garlicky and spicy . service was excellent . interestingly , the interior was fancier than i expected . the interior pictures i saw on yelp and the website looked more young hip - this is the bar area . the dining room is more formal . overall , loved this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i came here for an early valentine 's dinner . the staff was very attentive and definitely knew their menu . i had the pici for dinner which i found delicious but a little rich and heavy . however , i do highly recommend the mushroom risotto . by far one of the best risotto 's i 've ever tasted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing , wine was outstanding and the service was even better ! do yourself a favor and splurge on dessert , the cheescake was incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good . had a party of 10 so got a really cool room with the view of the bellagio fountain . wine list was n't very good for us as we typically order sub $ 100 bottles . except for a few , most was at least $ 100+ . that 's disappointing . had a good time . service was great . food was good . our $ 110 bottle of wine recommended by the sommelier was not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really a gem . the food is excellent ( particularly the banana nutella dessert and the lamb ) and the service is top notch . also , the restaurant has beautiful views of both the strip and the bellagio fountains . overall , i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice restaurant with a nice menu and ok service but if you expect a great restaurant , you will be disappointed . the prices are high for the quality of the food and the wine prices are exceptionally high . in fairness , i have been generally disappointed with the restaurants in lv . getting close to nyc prices but unfortunately not close enough to nyc quality .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm almost surprised that the complementary bread is n't a menu item in itself ... it was that good . but let 's not forget the rest of the menu . during our visit we enjoyed the mediterranean octopus , short-rib agnolotti and the pici . everything was awesome , but the standout was the pici ... i 'd almost go all the way back to lv just for that alone ! omg !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love scarpetta , but the one in vegas is n't up to miami or nyc standards . the decor is nice , the service is good . do n't forget to order the famous pasta with tomato and basil , it 's amazing always . the polenta is very good as well . lots of great choices , small portions , and great wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greeted by mario ( former gm @ sw ) . whisked away to a great table for 4 overlooking bellagio fountains . showered with appetizers and other taste treats . incredible service from various characters that epitomized and demonstrated the highest level of food service professionalism . from the various fresh and unique breads to the delightful complimentary taste treats the meal started with a bang . too many dishes to mentioned but all outstanding . mario and team hovering over the table at critical times to ensure great service and presentation . the meal culiminated with 4 deserts which absolutedly sealed the deal - establishing this restaurant as a staple for outstanding lv italian cuisine . seek out mario - make friends - enjoy some great food . do not doubt me on this call . cheers , brad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say more great things about scarpetta . the food and service are perfect . yes , its pricey but you get what you pay for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my addiction started when my friend introduced me to their new york location 3 years ago . since then , i am absolutely adamant about visiting every time i 'm either in la , nyc or vegas . i even planned a work event at the vegas location because i love it so much ! ! i typically stay with the pastas on my visits because while the proteins are all solid , the pasta is something hard to get anywhere else . my absolute favorites are the spaghetti , short rib agnolotti , and polenta . i 've had their prime rib carpaccio and that is divine but i think was a unique special of the night . until next time scarpetta , i 'll see you on my yelp pages late at night during my next random craving . love you scott conant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good for las vegas but not exceptional overall for italian food in general .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my bf on my recent vegas stay . i ordered the duck & foie gras ravioli ... ... . the best morsel i have ever eaten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was pretty dark inside but maybe you might like the extra dim lights . the spaghetti was our tables favorite . i ordered the chicken and asked the waiter twice if the sauce had liver in it because it says fagato on the menu and he said sometimes that sauce is made with liver but our is not . turns out he was wrong as when the food came out i asked the guy who brought it who seemed to know the food better and he said it was made with liver . i do n't like the taste of liver and the sauce was all over my plate . the servers should know their food better so that is why i 'm giving it 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the absolute best italian food i have ever had ! the flavors were unique and fresh . the bread was unbelievable . we ordered pici and were astonished by the flavor . fantastic atmosphere , attentive service , and extraordinary desserts . panda ending", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had an absolutely perfect experience at scarpetta . from the ambience to the service to the food , everything was exemplary . furthermore , we lucked out with getting a window table with a view overlooking the bellaggio fountains next door . i started with the legendary tomato-basil spaghetti and quickly understood why it receives such rave reviews ! the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and the sauce was delightful . my friend was equally pleased with her truffled polenta starter and second course of short rib agnolotti . the roasted scallops i chose were divine . we also shared a side of mixed mushrooms , but could hardly make a dent in them although they were delicious ! in true vegas style , the portions are quite generous . do n't skip on having a cocktail either - our frothy grapefruit gimlets were superb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely weary of eating in italian restaurants because so many places dont do it well . there is nothing more disappointing than getting a pasta dish done poorly . this place is my favorite restaurant in vegas . spaghetti is worth it . polenta is so good although overpriced . duck ravioli is good . almost everything on the menu is good . service is good and its a very nice setting . would come back ... .many times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricy but good food . had a great dinning experience here . food was delicious . a good place for a fancy night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want a lot of pompous attitude , and pay a lot for average food this is the place for you . do n't order the braised beef rib . you will leave hungry and who puts cheese on their ribs . that 's a shame . do n't expect to eat healthy either . the cocktails were very good though , so i would recommend the bar . the restaurant also has an amazing view .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had late reservations on a sunday , but it was still extremely crowded and even with reservations we had to wait 20 minutes . i was a little annoyed by having to wait , especially that late , but we ended up with a table that overlooked the bellagio fountain so that was nice . as everyone else has said , the portions are smaller than what people are used to but i actually liked that as my friend and i were able to split an app , and then each order an entree and split an additional entree as a middle course . the middle course was the spaghetti as we had heard good things , however we did n't find it to be anything special and it came out luke warm . however , we also had the creamy polenta , stracci , and black farfalle which were all amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scott conant truly has created an amazing dining experience here in vegas . the views of the bellagio fountains makes for a great ambience . but it 's the food that makes this one of the places to eat in the city . italian food done right ca n't be beat . and that 's what they do here . as others have mentioned , the duck & foie gras ravioli as well as the short rib agnolotti are to die for . we have been here a few times now and ca n't recommend it enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta was one of the best dining experiences i have had . the atmosphere is quiet and romantic and we had a view of the bellagio fountains from our table . the pasta was amazing - my husband had the duck and foie gras ravioli and i had the branzino . both were excellent dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a beautiful place to have a romantic dinner . with no reservation , my boyfriend and i were able to sit down right away in a little cubby seating . it was adorable . for drinks , i started off with a lemon drop and he got a white wine . the apps are so good , beef tartare is our favorite , as well as the oysters . i came to this restaurant twice and got the spaghetti both times . i know , why would i get spaghetti in a place like this ? well , my first time here , i saw a yelp photo that quoted the spaghetti with meatballs as `` simply amazing . '' and yes it is ! ! i love it so much , it really is just simply amazing . so in short , i will be back again and again . it seems like i 'm always in vegas ... yum ( to eat , not to party of course . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was lucky enough to to get in with short notice and everyone was very nice . from the host to the bartender and throughout the whole evening everyone was extremely nice and helpful . the food was also great . even with high expectations going in we left knowing that we had a new favorite spot . the breads were great the meal was exceptional and the deserts were also spot on . we will be back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want something more unique than docg then come here . helpful staff , clean environment . i was surprised that there was only one stall for this place . they have an extensive wine menu . their bread and their dipping sauces for it were delicious . raw yellowtail was delicious ! also ordered the tuna susci not bad but i would have ordered another raw yellow tail instead of this taglitelle spaghetti stracci if i could order one of those 3 pastas again i would pick the simple and very impressive spaghetti . it 's not just your ordinary tomato with basil spaghetti . the guava sobert type of dessert was amazingly delicious ! a great surprise for the end .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed with this scarpetta : ( the view is beautiful but the service is bad and the food was cold !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good italian food . it may depend on what you order because mine was outstanding and my wife 's was simply good but for a non-italian food lover like myself , i was duly impressed . the decor was very nice . the tables are a little tight so if you need to navigate through the room , you may have to turn sideways or take an odd path . my wife and i were seated at a two seat table overlooking the bellagio fountains . she got a beautiful view of the fountains and i got a view of a wall . other than those two things , the ambience and atmosphere were very nice . i had the beef tartare appetizer and the lobster pasta and they were both off the hook . the handmade pasta is the real deal . my wife had the oysters appetizer and swordfish . both were very good but not out of this world . the service was nice and accommodating . may depend on what you order but , based in my experience , i give it a smiley face !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate here the first week of july and had the pork chop . the pork chop was so fatty and juicy that i ate the whole thing ! the dining area is very cozy and dim with windows that lined the walls . the waitstaff was friendly and our waiter surprised us with free cookies to congratulate the future bride ( not me , someone else ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok folks , i 'll make this brief . go here . now . seriously , if you 're a foodie and are looking for primo italian look no further . bone marrow and short rib pasta ? bread basket from heaven ? best spaghetti ever ? yes yes and yes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the service and the atmosphere with the nice view . the waiter that we had was excellent with great customer service skills . but the food was ok . i order some white fish and it was ok , i could n't taste a lot of flavors . i highly recommend for the atmosphere , elegant , nice music with amazing view but the food was decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is at the top of my list for foods that u must try while in las vegas . i found this place through yelp and i called to make a reservation . from the other reviewers suggestions , i asked for a table with a view of the bellagio fountain light show . the food here was excellent . i wished i could have eaten here a few more times before i left las vegas . the service here was excellent . i was with 2 friends and i have to say all of the food here was amazing . even the bread that they brought out was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the spaghetti here is to die for ! perfectly cooked al dente noodles . fresh pasta . made with olive oil infused with herbs , parmesan , fresh tomatoes . i would come back just to have this spaghetti again . i loved the creamy polenta with truffle too ! i 'm going to book mark the other scarpetta location ( s ) too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this would be a 4.5 restaurant in my book . i would definitely come back or recommend this eatery for anyone who cares about the ambience . beautiful restaurant , great views of the bellagio fountain , service is on point and the food is above average . however , next time i would order from the menu , the holiday fixed menu did not meet the expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service . thought the food was good but was n't blown away by our meal . had the ribeye cut . did n't see many wine bottles below $ 170 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an awesome place . we always come to vegas and this place is pure class . phenomenal food and fantastic staff . allie and kyle took care of us . absolutely flawless service and impeccable knowledge of the menu . thanks for having us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as others have said- amazing ! have been numerous times and never had a bad meal or experience . service and food are top notch . scott conant runs a tight ship- he 's my favorite chopped judge . highlights include the spaghetti ( yes , it 's pricey but worth it imho ) and the agnolotti with truffles ( does n't seem to be on the menu at the moment ) . on my last visit , i had a special tarragon pasta dish that was out of this world . the stromboli bread from the bread basket is pretty fantastic too . have not been to the other outposts so ca n't compare consistency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a bachelorette party here . food was decent but the service sucks ! ! we had a large party so the gratitude was already included . however , i guess that was why they lost their motivation to make our visit comfortable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not your typical italian . i 'd call it fancy italian versus traditional family italian . it was good . i had the noodles that are made from squid . good but next time i will probably go in a different direction . it was good to try something new .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came with a party of 5 for dinner . our view was amazing . we were seated right next to the window . we could see the bellagio water fountains every time it went off . if i were to base my rating just on the ambiance and view of the restaurant , i 'd give it a 5 . unfortunately , the food was n't impressive for the price . i had the pici and shared the creamy polenta . the pici had a really good chili pesto sauce . the pasta and lobster was perfectly cooked . but i expected the dish to wow me and it did n't . my favorite dish was the polenta . it was delicious . our server was friendly . i think it 's worth a try , especially if you can get a view of the fountains . i think there are other restaurants in vegas that are great and better priced . i 'm not sure i 'd come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my dining experience here was out of this world . the interior of the restaurant was absolutely beautiful , with modern & elegant tables & lighting . we started off with the wagyu beef tartare and the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms . the polenta was unbelievably creamy and luxurious ! then my friends and i ordered the tagliatelle , duck & foie gras ravioli , short rib agnolotti , and colorado lamb loin done medium rare . everything was delicious , especially the lamb . the best part of the night was surprisingly the stromboli that was part of the bread basket at the beginning of the meal - buttery , fluffy slices of bread that was stuffed with salami & cheese . i am going back just for that bread !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great views of the bellagio fountains strip , nice comfortable seating , and good ambiance . all the dishes we had were very good , but none were great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic ! dinner at scarpetta was the last of 3 amazing valentine gifts . i wanted to come here because i 'm a fan of scott contant , and i was not disappointed . our meal was absolutely fantastic , the service was top notch and the atmosphere was perfect . we started with a light and delicate glass of wine to go with creamy polenta and a fricassee of truffled mushrooms , i had the short rib agnolotti and dave had the duck & foie gras ravioli , both were amazing and you know it had to be for me to eat foie gras : - ) we ended the meal perfectly with pana cotta and bomboloni . i highly recommend you come here when celebrating your next special moment , or , if your just in the mood for a perfect evening with the one you love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and wonderful service from scarpetta . been going to this wonderful restaurant since 2013 . we had our daughter 's 21st birthday dinner there . mike our server is amazing and very attentive . for starters we the divers scallops and the creamy polenta so perfectly seasoned and cooked , melts in your mouth . the duck foie gras ravioli is to die for ! all the entrees from the branzino , filet mignon are so flavorful . everything is made with shear perfection . the souffl\u00e9s are out of this world and worth the wait ! 5 stars this restaurant should be rated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved it.. small menu but very delicious . loved the spaghetti . we do n't have reservations but we did n't have to wait too long . they sat us in the front bar area and it was good for people watching . drinks were pricey - but good would definitely go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had dinner 2 nights here during a recent tradeshow . both nights the service was unbearably slow , the food mediocre ( w the one exception of the spaghetti pomodoro which was outstanding ) and i would not opt to go back with so many other great dining options in the area . the ambiance is very nice , which is why i 'm giving it 3 stars rather than 2 - so if you 're not too concerned about the quality of the food and want a nice , quiet restaurant for a work dinner this would n't be such a bad option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved my experience at scarpettas- make sure to make a reservation ! it can be a bit crowded since there are not too many tables . we ordered the foie gras and duck raviolis . it 's amazing how light the raviolis are- my only regret was not ordering more pasta ! i thought ordering the spaghetti as an entree would be `` too much pasta '' at scarpetta 's there is no such thing . my boyfriend got the fillet which was of course delicious while i got the new york steak- it 's massive ! no side needed especially if you order an appetizer . the primi piatti are also large enough to serve as a main entree . asked server her recommendation for the dessert she discussed what the most popular were and which her favorite was ... the bomboloni . basically , donut holes infused with nutella or vanilla served with a banana gelato . delicious . the added bonus is definitely the view of the strip and the bellagio fountaints . can not wait to go back ! thank you scarpetta for the amazing service and delicious food ! scott conant- nicely done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dining experience . what i loved : duck , short rib appetizer , bread what i liked : spaghetti , lobster salad , strip steak what i meh 'd : fois gras duck ravioli ( super rich )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrific dining experience on the strip ! service and food were excellent . they sat us at a table with a breathtaking view of the bellagio 's fountains next door and the northside of the strip - what a great way to get us to stay longer and spend more $ $ $ my wife and i ordered split plates ( which they were happy to do - as elegantly as if you had ordered individual plates ) which allowed us to try several dishes and still have room for desert . their selection of freshly baked breads was delicious and included focaccia and other assorted italian breads . since this was our first time dining here , we played it pretty safe with our selections . we shared the roasted beat salad , burrata , duck & foie gras ravioli , and sirloin . for dessert : we shared an italian version of a beignet the name of which i ca n't remember . it was served a la mode and it was delish . all in all , i ca n't wait to return to try some of the more intriguing items on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how do i describe the love ? love , love , love ! i have previously dined at scarpetta in new york , and was ecstatic to check ou the new space at the cosmopolitan in las vegas . our server , was hands down one of the best in the business . full of passion and enthusiasm for his food , we were truly excited for our dishes . being that we had a party of 5 , he removed our menu 's from our hands and told us that the chef would be preparing something fantastic for us . we ended up with small plates of 4 courses : starting with appetizers , pasta ( duck fois gras ravioli , linguini with black truffle , their famed spagetti ) ; a branzino and meat affair for the 3rd course ( sicilian spiced duck breast , and seared scallops ... plus many more items ( i believe it was 5 plates for each course ) for party to share , which was fantastic ! hands down , best italian meal that i 've had in years . i will be back very soon . ciao !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sept 2015 we had another nice meal at scarpetta . our server , luis , was excellent , very knowledgeable . we had a table at the window with a lovely view of the bellagio . we started with the short rib appetizer served over farro , which was so flavorful . hubby had the spaghetti in tomato sauce with baby meatballs . the pasta is all house made and it was delicious , the sauce was light and tasty . the meatballs were odd , so small and no real flavor . i had the lobster salad and it was fabulous , with tomatoes and just a touch of balsamic . this is our third visit to scarpetta , we have enjoyed it each time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scarpettas in the cosmopolitan was one of the best experiences we have ever had in vegas . the food was delicious from apps to entrees . caesar salad with the lemon zest was amazing and they split it for the two that were eating . i had the tuna avocado salad appetizer which was the most amazing app ever ! for entrees we had branzzino which was very flavorful with a kick . the orecchiette with homemade sausage and broccoli rabe in a clam sauce was fabulous ! ! . the final entree was pici a pasta with lobster with a chili kick . we shared them all and eaxh of them were exceptional . we also has the best service with julian as the most amazing server . he was a best server and also got our silly sense of humor and went along wth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here our last night in vegas celebrating our anniversary . we requested a table with a view of the fountains and we got a great , intimate table . the bread basket was out of this world . we started with the scallop dish as an appetizer , followed by the spaghetti with tomato sauce and duck and foie gras ravioli . the dishes were all amazing , and it was a great way to end our trip . it was one of the best meals i 've ever had , and i would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting who wants a special meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rate this place a solid 4 stars for the decor , service and food . my fianc\u00e9 had the duck and foie gras ravioli and i had the pici ( lobster pasta ) . both entrees were good , but the dessert was definitely a delicious sweet ending . we ordered the nutella & vanilla creme bomboloni ( mini filled donuts ) and they were a little taste of heaven . would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tremendous menu and top notch service . our host , noe , was one of the finest i 've had the pleasure of meeting . he and his staff could not have done a better job of taking care of our table for 12 . thanks to him and @ mannykess from tonightimvip.com we had an amazing meal and experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made reservations and requested a window seat -- we did n't get right next to the window but we got 2nd row next to it so we were still able to look over to our table mates and see the water show . ( all the tables that actually had front view of the bellagio water show could 've cared less about the water show ! ) the view really is amazing . the ambiance is nice and romantic , with justin timberlake singing in the background . the bread baskets were as delicious as everyone mentioned , and if you ask they do give another basket . ordered the spaghetti because everyone mentioned how great it was -- it was yummy but not sure $ 24 yummy . ordered a bottle of wine which was a task because they had so many options ! service was great and it was a nice fine dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot ! food is great ! staff is excellent . very close to the scarpetta in nyc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally got the chance to go to scarpetta ! we made reservations for 2 and had a nice night . the restaurant is decorated nicely and has nice views of the bellagio fountain -- ask for a table by the window ! i ordered the tuna & avocado to start ( soooo fresh and yummy ) and my boyfriend got the octopus , which was pretty good too . for our entr\u00e9es , the oh-so famous spaghetti and lamb trio . both of which were delicious ! all in all , giving four stars because for all the hype and the $ $ $ , it was n't super spectacular , just pretty good . i 'll be back , though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst experience ever . our waiter was a pompous jerk who came back to our table twice until our bill was due and then he was back every two minutes even though our wine was n't finished . the manager came to the two tables next to us and offered free wine and said nothing to us . very disappointing considering we are huge scott fans .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a wonderful dinner with girlfriends here . we enjoyed the tasting menu that was full of extra bonuses from the chef . everything was so tasty and well presented . the waitstaff were knowledgable and helpful . my favorite was the simple spaghetti course that was so flavorful and left me searching for the recipe online after dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and well thought out menu and flavored . the pasta was perfectly made . our favorite was an uni and crab squid ink pasta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food and service . wine selection is extensive but could use more quality selection in lower price range . it seemed like most bottles on the list were over 100 bucks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate at scarpettas with two of my friends . i would have given it a 4 , but the service was poor . you go to a place like this expecting excellent service . i think our server took our order and dropped the bill off and that was about it . the poor bus boy was stuck answering our questions , taking drink orders . he had to run and ask a server for some answers . the food was good , just there is so many choices in vegas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious in every aspect ! we had the tasting menu , and it was worth every single penny . everything was delicious , but i will be dreaming of the polenta the rest of my life ! we were so stuffed by the end of the meal , but of course you have to have dessert . we had a couple different things , but by far the best was the coconut pana cotta with the mango soup . to die for . great service , great food , and a great atmosphere . i will totally recommend this restaurant to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was being lazy and did n't want to hunt around for a place and decided that it 's was better to go with the devil i knew . remembering to stay away from the salmon . i gave the lamb loin a try . i found it to be incredibly flavorful and tender , yet not gamey . if you enjoy lamb , this dish is a must . my date who ordered the chicken was totally envious . i tried his and would have felt the same way . it was n't that the chicken was bad , it just was n't spectacular like the lamb . i also highly recommend the coconut panna cotta . although guava `` soup '' might sound a bit odd , it 's what makes the dish so delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best fine dinning experiences i 've had . everything from the dim lighting to the friendly staff and the incredible food came together for a once-in-a-lifetime meal . we sat next to the window , so we got a great view of the bellagio fountain . i 'm still dreaming of the black tagliolini . order it ! it 's the perfect balance of salty sea , cream , and butter . it was well balanced , not overly sauced and the tobiko added a nice texture . they are famous for the spaghetti and it did n't disappoint . the noodles were al dente and the sauce was complex . you could taste the time and care that was put into it . the amedei chocolate cake was a surprise hit . there was a rich chocolate ganache inside and a coco powder dusting outside , which went perfectly with the almond gelato . it reminded me of a well-made truffle . the next time i 'm in vegas i will make sure to visit scarpetta again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is easily one of the best restaurants i 've eaten at . i visit every time i am in las vegas . from the complimentary bread to the desserts , this place excels on all levels . make sure you request a seat overlooking the bellagio fountains . i have been served by roberto twice . he is fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not wait to go back ! ! every bite of the duck ravioli was delectable , i cant describe how good it was . i also tried the berry cocktail which quenched my thirst and gave me the buzz i needed . and let me warn you about the chocolate cake ... it 's dangerous ! ! ( in a good way ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! went for my husbands birthday after new years with a special request- seating with a view of the bellagio fountains , which they accommodated the bread is amazing , yes , but do n't fill up . while the dishes are moderate in size , very filling . had the scallop appetizer : scallops melt in your mouth , perfectly cooked . did not care for barley risotto on the short rib appetizer . the pici spaghetti was amazing , had a nice spicy kick to it and the spaghetti was cooked perfectly al dente . my husband had the filet , which just melted in your mouth , perfect ! overall great experience and we 'll be returning for valentine 's day : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scarpetta never disappoints ! above and beyond friendly service and amazing food . we started with the scallops . they were roasted with just the amount of crust . next was were the braised shorts ribs - tender and so much flavor ! the creamy polenta with mushrooms - omg ! i so want to lick my plate ! i had the duck and foie gras ravioli - rich and smooth and yummy ! my gf had the lobster pasta . the pasta was perfect with a delicious spicy sauce ( i know because i `` helped '' my friend out when she stepped out ! ) for dessert , we shared the coconut panna cotta . it was a sprint , our spoons flying . next time , we will get our own !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the boys and i had a very good , relaxing meal here last friday night . very nice restaurant in cosmo restaurant row . place is classy but not the least bit stuffy . like everyone mentions , the bread selection is great . mini stromboli 's w sides of marscapone , tomato garlic ... really good . went through several of the pasta dishes for the table to begin . duck and foi gras ravioli , risotto w short rib and short rib and bone marrow angolotti all good to excellent . nothing better than home made pasta . polenta w truffled mushrooms might have been even better that the pasta dishes ... must try ! i had the veal loin and pork belly . the loin was a bit dry , but flavorful..the pork belly was spectacular . friends had steak and halibut , all were very happy . wine list is amazing..tons of italian wines ... pricey ! found a good bottle for around $ 100 . overall , pretty reasonably priced meal for vegas . good stuff scott !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "-hostess were n't friendly and seemed a bit stuck up when i had to change the time . -found a long twisted hair in the bread basket . we did n't make a big deal nor did they ... gross - $ 35 cod was n't really present . smaller than a poker card and very salty fishy -food overall was just ok but definitely not worth the money . -bill took a long time to come around without asking . -only good : our waiter was cool", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best meals i 've ever had in vegas or in italy . the creamy polenta and tomato and mozzarella salad were delightful starters and really set the tone for the meal . the star was the pici ... .. lobster with handmade tarragon infused pasta . it was a wonderful balance of richness with just a hint of spice to keep it interesting . this review would be remiss if i failed to mention the expert service . we had knowledgeable , pleasant and attentive servers . thank you for a wonderful experience . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though it 's located in the mall-ish portion of the cosmo , place is very elegant , with great views if you get a window seat . food was very good , we had the scallop appetizer , duck breast and duck ravioli entrees , and goat cheese cheesecake for dessert . everything came out perfect , and service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "recently had dinner here . reservation at 7:30 , seated at 8:10 . staff unapologetic . limited choice , small portions , food mediocre , expensive . the room was so dark , we needed a flashlight to read the menu . i definitely will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we enjoyed the food , but the server ruined it for us . his name was jason and he was so arrogant and non-communicative that he simply did n't hear our needs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food and customer service at this place was beyond incredible , you can taste how the food is freshly made and every bite you take into your meal takes you a step further into paradise . i 've been to many restaurants down the strip in vegas and i could tell you this one really stood out to me & every time i 'm back here i make sure to make a reservation in advance since this place is always booked ( which trust me is a good sign )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! date night with bf - got a table next for he window with the view of bellagio water show . the atmosphere was very romantic and calming . we ordered the following ... . entrees : 1 ) pici , which is with homemade pasta with lobster and chili oil ( so there is a kick to it ! ) $ 39 2 ) special : wagyu beef was cooked to perfection ! the sear and crust on the outside of the beef was seasoned just right with a nice crunch which goes very well with the soft and tender wagyu beef . it was definitely one of the best wagyu beef i 've tasted . $ 70 dessert : we shared the nutella bomboloni with homemade banana gelato ( so soft with a slight chewy to the fried bomboloni ) $ 12 it 's a must try ! love the homemade authentic italian flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing . we had a great view of the strip and the food was beyond good . i think i ate more bread than i did pasta - they brought us citrus oil , mascarpone butter and bruschetta with freshly baked breads ( complimentary ) to start . our meal was delicious , we started with a beet salad and scallops . for mains , my date had the short rib ravioli and i had a creamy vegetable tagliatelle . i love trying new places in vegas but i 'm super tempted to go here next time i visit since it 's worth returning to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is quite good . i 've only been twice , but the food has been good and the ambiance is great . try to get a table by the window and you can watch the bellagio fountain show while you eat . i had the pasta and the rib cap . both were good . service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great view of the bellagio fountains . nice dark , romantic atmosphere . started with a really great rye manhattan and had delicious pasta entrees . minus one star for un-exciting yellowtail appetizer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all three of my children have been going here since 2004 . dr. werther is the best doctor ! since we started seeing him , our wait time has been cut to almost zero ! he amazingly patient and thorough ! i love how he speaks to and relates to my children ( ages 12 , 10 , 6 ) . if you choose ev pediatrics , request dr. werther ! he is very experienced !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love dr. werther . we switched over to his office after my daughter was 4 months old from another physician who was not providing adequate care . dr. werther is extremely attentive , thorough in his diagnosis , and not afraid to tell it like it is . when it comes to my daughters health , i want someone who does n't sugar coat things ! he promptly returns my calls with questions and follows up with me afterwards just to check in . i would recommend him ( and have ) to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new place . the decor , food and service were outstanding . i had the prime rib sandwich ... mmm . the bar area is very trendy . this place has an open air patio that overlooks cannosburg lake in summer and the restaurant has it enclosed during the winter . great view .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great go-to for nights when you do n't want to cook . the rotisserie chicken salad with bacon dressing is bomb , and i love the seafood enchiladas , very rich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's refreshing to have a non-chain restaurant in the mcmurray area ( even though i guess it 's technically part of the atria 's group ) . pros : the street tacos - they are listed as an appetizer , but are perfect for dinner and are delicious . the french fries . the wine list - it goes a bit beyond the yellowtail type of offerings by the glass . cons : the noise level - i 've been three times , all in the evening , and it 's always been incredibly loud . the price point - for what is basically tex-mex food , the prices are high . i 'd highly recommend making a reservation . we went without one and had to wait nearly an hour to be seated on friday night . this may improve when the weather is nice enough to have the patio open .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went on saturday night , another successful night out at juniper ! great food , great drinks , great atmosphere . amazing cornbread , i would suggest you start there . i had the special trout , delicious and i love that they do n't over do it on portions . what was exciting is that we where one of the last tables there and never once did we feel pressured to leave . we will be back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices at the restaurant initially scared us off , but after a year of driving past it my parents were in town so we decided to try it out . firstly , it was surprisingly kid friendly , so that was a great start . i ordered a burger and it was the juiciest , run-down-your-arms , oh so good burger i 've had in a very long time . i 'd recommend it any day for that alone ! we had a very large group and the service was great plus i got to try a little of everything . the drunken beans were yummy , the cornbread fantastic ( we liked it so much we got the dessert version , too ! ) , and overall everyone very much enjoyed their meal . i 'd recommend it to anyone wanted a nicer option with guaranteed good food . note : they have a separate gluten-free menu , and even though it looks similar to the regular menu make sure the waitstaff knows that you 'd like your dinner gluten free . get the special menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good family friend restaurant . the hummus is extremely good as well are the `` hand pies '' filled with meat or cheese . being a fan of locally owned establishments you ca n't help but like the local flavor of juniper grill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is my favorite in pittsburgh at the moment . every time you go everything is so fresh and orders are always correct and the wait staff is so nice . their cornbread side could feed a whole family -if you have n't tried it you need to . i was so happy to see them at taste of pittsburgh too ! only reason they get 4 5 stars is because the other clientele thinks they 're gods gift to earth and are at times rude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the servers lurk in the area in front of the kitchen like the ghosts from pac-man watching you eat until they 're set free to come swoop in on your table . i had the chicken avocado salad -- avocado was old and the field greens tasted like `` refrigerator '' , though the bacon dressing was good . the bus boys habitually brushed me in my chair , unapologetically . positives : the food came fast and the place looked clean -- though the decor was uninspired . i 'm sure the place is a nice alternative for the local crowd but not a re-do .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times and the food and drinks are always good . a little pricey , but good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went here on the suggestion of my brother and sister in law . i had hummus and street tacos , both very good . we also shared a cornbread and it was ok. service was adequate . everyone in my group enjoyed their meal , so i assume they had no complaints . if back in the area , would consider this place again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on our way to tanger outlets for lunch . i had the cheddar burger ( hold the cheddar ) , my husband and sil had the brisket sandwich . all in all , everyone enjoyed their meals and would happily go back again . only thing we wished we had done differently was order a sampling of sides because the side of french fries were enough for two . bonus : it was kid friendly ( with a lot of little ones scattered throughout ) , nice atmosphere , and friendly servers and staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best place to eat in mcmurray . the menu is great . the drink menu is awesome . i love the homemade chips . i have never had a bad meal here and i have had almost everything on the menu . the prices are affordable and the quality is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good ! had the ahi tuna salad . it was delicious , full of mango and avocado . decor was nice and the seats at the bar where comfortable ( that 's important ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice casual place for a date night or special celebration . food was wonderful it was a dinner for work that brought us here and both myself and burly fianc\u00e9 loved the food . cornbread was delectable and worth the extra to try as well as sarris ice cream for dessert . decor is modern and inviting , views are very beautiful . i would come here again and if traveling thru would not be sad to stop here again . very nice place keep up the good work . staff were hospitable and well trained as well as clean and respectable and knowledgable of specials and menu . i like a well groomed staff and this place did n't disappoint . we took 2 to go plates back to the hotel and ate them for breakfast . adequate portions of modern fare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i came here for our first anniversary dinner . the setting is perfect for a romantic evening ( cozy booths , dimmed lighting ) . i had the trout which was on special and it was great . get the brownie skillet with a scoop of ice cream , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time was could not have been better , great food and service . second time food was not as good and the waitress was horrible downright bitchy for some reason . i dont believe in judging a place by just one waitress so i will go back again because i still remember the first experience which could not have been better . atmosphere is a little on the loud side but not obnoxious , more fun and delightful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here twice and both times have been very happy . first time i had the fish tacos and the second time the grilled chicken caesar salad . both were excellent . the cornbread is also very solid . service is good and the back area is a nice outdoor experience in warmer months and a good enclosed area in the colder months . the atmosphere is good enough for business meetings , dates , or a family dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahmazing ! ! ! had the skirt steak and it was perfect . the service was great even when we had a large party . someone i was with had the burger and i tried it and it was also fantastic . will definitely be going back ! and their shareable sarris ice cream sundae was delicious . hand cut fries were good also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here on saturday with my fianc\u00e9 . the service was amazing , kept up with refills and was extremely polite . we ordered bacon cheesy dip which was great then got the slow roasted pork ribs which were overpriced but very delicious . my fianc\u00e9 ordered a steak salad which was $ 18 for lunch . the food was good but over priced . i 'm giving it four stars due to the location and the service . i would probably come back in the future", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gone to juniper grill several times with my family and we have always enjoyed it . the atmosphere is nice , but , as others have mentioned , it gets a little loud as it gets more crowded . the fish tacos , steak , mahi , and guacamole are all excellent . i would also recommend the cornbread ( watch out for the jalapenos ! ) . juniper grill also has several delicious varieties of mojitos and good margaritas , as well . the service here has been consistently excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is outstanding ! best seared ahi tuna salad ; ever ! i 've soon picked up a dozen times here and you must go to the bar area , lunch workers at the bar area is mean ! tossed my checked down before me . literally .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is really good , and the atmosphere is lovely . however , twice now , the same male server has waited on us . both times his demeanor had that of a patronizing tone . i will ask for another server , if i go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not stop here for a quick drink and a bite to eat . the bartenders here sit around and chat while the bar is a mess and unkept . looks terrible . very slow service . who would want to eat around all that filth while the bartender just stands around chatting to their friends about her kids and soon to be baby . what a mess ... now if you get a table and want to eat , the food is very good . just looks like your typical place where the bartenders run the show with no management overseeing them . makes it easy on your pocket though . no need to tip much . wo n't eat at the bar here again . franco 's , bistecca , or even anthony 's are way better options because of the much more attentive staff at those venues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "juniper has a small , but diverse menu with quality food . they have guinness on tap , so that 's always a plus in my book . good food , but pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant was super empty and quiet when we visited , so it was a great setting for our lunch with a large group . the service was very attentive and quick , which was nice . the appetizers we ordered were delicious , but my entree of the fish tacos was pretty lackluster . cornbread was also amazing . would definitely visit again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good dinner , had chicken avacado salad . waiter was very attentive and it was a nice experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! the menu is a bit limited but there seems to be something for everyone . i had their daily fish special ( blackened grouper . ) it was a large 8oz portion and was delicious ! my mom had a chicken avocado salad which she loved as well ( minus the hair. ) . they have a great outdoor patio and full bar . we also ordered some sides and the cornbread was simply amazing . i would have given 5 stars but ... the hair in my moms salad and the menu was a bit small . hard to find healthy choices . overall , i will visit again when in this area of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a regular at this restaurant and my favorites are the chicken avocado salad , the street tacos , short ribs , amish chicken , and the chicken enchiladas . yes there may be one or two menu items that are over priced like the guacamole and chips or that just fall flat like the filet ( over charred and tough ) . but overall i think it 's a great restaurant . the atmosphere has a cozy lodge atmosphere ( without feeling dated ) that is great for a romantic dinner but also great for a business lunch . their house margarita is one of the best i 've had in the pittsburgh area ! they use hand squeezed juices in them and you can really taste the difference . i think people that complain about their high prices fail to recognize that this restaurant uses high quality ingredients , probably better than any of the other restaurants in the area which sets them apart from the others . i recommend reservations via open table whenever possible because it is packed on the weekends for dinner and during noon during the week for business lunches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter 's wedding shower was here recently . it was on the porch and was beautiful . she had white linens and pink napkins . there was plenty of space for extra tables and gifts . you could come in an hour before to decorate . the staff was super and the food amazing ! we had 37 guests , but could have comfortably fit at least 50 . for an appetizer we had the cornbread , chips and salsa . also had an open bar . for the buffet we had chicken , salmon , asparagus , mashed potatoes and salad ... all excellent . the bridesmaids provided a cake , but it was served with vanilla ice cream . coffee , drinks and anything guests wanted were brought quickly . it was very casual yet professional . i would highly recommend ! ask for beverly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite place . there is just something about driving away from the city and going somewhere that should be in the city yet its not . its not fancy but i took my fiancee here for valentines day and it was the place i took her for dinner right before i proposed to her . if you 're not picking up on it yet this is our favorite place . food is great from salads fresh , great appetizer selection and their meats are cooked perfect every time . i recommend the chipotle skirt steak or the brisket . lots of seating and during the summer they have a roofed deck area where you are practically over the lake . not that canonsburg lake is anything fancy but its a nicer view than a parking lot or road lol . staff is friendly and on the ball . drinks are cold fresh and well priced , as is the food . you wo n't be let down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been going to juniper grill at least once a week for over a year now but recently notice that the drinks have been very weak and and the martini 's are not full to the rim ... when you are paying $ 9.50 per drink i would like the glass to be full ... ... . martini glass 's are not that big to begin with and would like some liquor in it ! food is good but i can still can get a good meal and better drinks else where for a better price so i guess we will skip juniper grill for a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it saddens me to have to give the two stars . juniper is a place that we would come to for excellent fare and usually excellent service . today at lunch however the trail derailed . my wife ordered the california burger which is her go to every time . a cheddar burger came out instead and our server seemed to be implying that it was us placing the wrong order . she offered to correct it which she did by bringing out a rebuilt version of the burger . i get food costs , but if i made a wrong order at my establishment i would not scrape of product and `` rebuild '' the burger . a new burger would be made because it was an error on my behalf . i thought that this could have been handled a little bit better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i are visiting the pittsburgh for a few days and we wanted to find somewhere nice ; yelp pointed us towards juniper grill . we decided to live the whole experience that juniper had to offer . we started with their sipping tequila , had some guac and chips ( really great fresh guac made in house ! ) , we shared a bottle of wine , had some brisket , ribs , and accidental `` over order '' of corn bread ( which was the best accidental over order . ) we went for the whole experience and got dessert as well , the chocolate layer cake and chocolate pecan pie . both were quite nice . the ambiance was nice , the service was good , the food was flavorful , the price was n't too high . i would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area as a worthwhile stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you do n't mind feeling like you are at a car lot , then go here . i can in for the $ 49 exam special . dentist was nice , as was his staff . however , i had n't even had my cleaning done and i was bombarded by their financial dept while still in the dentist chair . i was told i needed 4 fillings redone cause they were n't completely intact . also , i was told that i needed another new filling . i felt pressured and uneasy . i sought out a second opinion from another dentist 2 days later who examined me and reviewed my x-rays and he told me that my fillings were fine . the `` cleaning '' i received was mediocre at best . this office has all the high tech equipment but it is not somewhere i would recommend . it is unethical to recommend treatment that is not indicated . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was actually happy with my previous dentist except that i travel and they could never get me in when i had free time so i found this place randomly off my insurance website . they are awesome ! the staff was friendly and they have great hours which was a plus . my dentist spent time to get to know me a bit and i 've had a cleaning and a brown there and in both cases the experience was the best i 've had . the crown was a 'do it while you wait ' which means no 2nd appt which saved a ton of time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't recommend this rip-off to my worst enemy . the front office dose n't have a clue , the hygentist is in another world , and the dentist is like a con artist . the dentist gave me the wrong diagnosis of gum disease and proceeded to treat it . i have never had that diagnosis in my life and come to find out he was wrong ! they charged my insurance company $ 2,241.00 for something i did not need ! ! ! ! i got a second and third opinion and both said no way did i have gum disease . needless to say i am contacting my insurance company and with any luck he wo n't see a penny , and get black balled from using my insurance company with anybody !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called to make an appointment for cleaning , xray and exam . decided not to make the appointment because `` deep '' cleaning would be over $ 600 ( i do n't have dental insurance ) . i told the receptionist ( jennifer ) that i changed my mind about making an appointment and she hung up on me . i called right back and she picked up the phone and hung it up ! i called from my home number a few minutes later , she answered , and told her how unprofessional that was and she claimed she did n't hang up . what the heck ? ? so unprofessional . i will never ever go here , nor would i recommend it to anyone . front office staff is very important ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had n't been to the dentist in quite a whole , so i knew it would n't be pretty . the whole office made the visit very comfortable and simple . my treatment plan was explained very clearly and my payment options were very clear . i would definitely recommend this place to anyone needing dental work . rebecca up front has a great attitude leaving a great first impression , dr. valenzuela made everything very clear and comfortable , ruth her assistant had a great attitude making it an even better experience , lani the hygienist made the process simple and as comfortable as possible , and ferdie made my temporary crowns very well and placed them perfectly . thank you to the whole team . wonderful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had two decent appointments here , as has my wife . they took me in without an appointment for tooth removal when one fractured at gum level . i have messed up teeth . so ca n't say yet if they are overpricing me as several of these reviews state . my biggest gripe ? stop calling me ! i swear i get a call several times in one day , every few weeks , and it 's a sales call ... from a dentist . `` hey would you like to get your treatment started today ? '' me wife and i are on a budget and will go to the dentist when we can afford it . when i want to schedule an appointment , i will . until then leave me alone . about to look at other dentists because of this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at first i thought mcdonald ranch was very helpful since i had an emergency root canal that needed to be done . but i had to go through two crowns after one fell out within two weeks of getting it done ! also when they filed down my front two crowns they left the rough and they did n't feel right at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "from the moment i walked in , i was greeted with the friendliest smile from the lovely receptionist , rebecca . the entire staff is top notch and made me feel completely at ease even though i was scared because i had n't seen a dentist in over five years . you are called in quickly and glide through the entire process . these folks are the definition of professionals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the entire team at macdonald ranch modern dentistry was very professional , patient and kind . i had n't been to the dentist in almost 2 years cause i was traumatized per my last root canal . i was so nervous to get my crown and scaling treatment but , both hygienists lani and joanna were extremely gentle an patient with me . the extensively explained my treatment plan and assured me they would make as comfortable as possible . dr. sharma performed my crown procedure which only took about 2 hours and i felt nothing . the entire team is awesome and i have already recommended to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a crown and a deep cleaning done yesterday . greatest staff and doctors i 've ever encountered . they all really made the visit stress free and were all so caring . with all the work performed my mouth still is not sore.. i just finished eating cereal ! great dentist and staff . very highly recommended ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful and professional experience . i was looking for a practice that was professional , very friendly and respected my time . very impressed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to multiple dentistry 's in vegas and this one is by far the best . the facility is clean , all the equipment is modern , and the staff does n't try to up-sell you on unnecessary treatments like every other office in town . jeff at the front desk was extremely helpful and knowledgeable . he told me everything i needed to know , in a very honest manner , which helped me make an informed decision on the treatments i needed . dr. martinez was very professional and straight forward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to this office to have some cavities filled and to see how my overall oral health was . everything is digital in the office pretty much and that was very convenient . my procedure including x-rays and cleaning took a little longer than expected but in all everything went smoothly and everyone was very friendly . it had been a while since i had gone to the dentist so i was really nervous but i eased up quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! the doctors and assistants were so kind to me while taking xrays and explaining what they saw in the xrays . the front people were so polite and friendly when i walked in and when coming to talk to me in the room . i got a crown done and it was the most quickest experience i 've received . and they made sure multiple times that my bite was n't high . i recommend coming here for any dental work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice clean and bright office was a good start . my favourable impression lasted throughout the visit with a very pleasant doctor , efficient tech and thorough hygienist . i knew what i would need doing and they confirmed my suspicions . however they made it easy to understand the options and i have scheduled to return for a crown and implant consultation . would definitely recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i had a great first experience here . a little background , when i first moved to town i visited a new dentist office with a rookie dentist . i had a horrible visit that turned me off to the dentist for years . i then found a great dentist that i went to for 2 years . he was very good but his office is very far from my home . i found modern and gave them a try . i was so impressed with the crew here . dr. martinez is fantastic , patient and knowledgeable . jeff simply explained my options for my much needed fillings and how much insurance would cover . my hygienist , lani , was also amazing and gentle . all in all , great staff ! i will be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had consistently good experiences with dr. martinez over this past year . i cleaned up 8 cavities with him last year and was inspired to floss 1000 % more than i ever did before . he is caring and knowledgeable . his advice continues to work for me . the staff are friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being a first time patient i was very pleased . jeff was extremely pleasant and made sure i went into the right direction of what i needed to be done . dr martinez was very sincere & thorough for my procedure . hygienist lani was also very kind and gentle . thumbs up for this office and staff : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the facilities is clean and jeff at the front is extremely knowledgeable and very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seems like an woman office . very nice people . very up-to-date equipment . the doctor did my deep cleaning spent alot of time . great ! pricing..would definitely refer others ( as i have already ! rated a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dentist ! ! ! friendly staff ! ! i was very happy with the service . i would recommend this dentist to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this office ! the staff is kind and professional . dr martinez was amazing and gentle and his dental assistant marc is awesome , made me feel comfortable . the office is very up to date and the staff was very clean : ) very satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent office staff . hygienist and dentist were superb . clearly explained all treatment plans & procedures and the costs ahead of time . clean , modern high-tech office with all the newest equipment and procedures . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. martinez is the nicest , most patient and pleasant dentist i 've ever had . also very helpful and informative . jeff up front was also super nice and funny . whole staff made me feel comfortable and at ease . great experience from beginning to end !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family of 5 has seen dr. martinez and dr. muggleston several times over the past year or so for routine dental care . jennifer and jeff at the front are great at making appointments that fit out schedule , and all the costs and co-pays are clearly explained before any treatment is begun . we are very happy to have found a great dental practice near our house !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for a couple of years . tired of this place up selling me and trying to give services i know i do n't need . going to find another dentist .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do miss sunflower market as there prices were a little bit cheaper than sprouts . nonetheless , it has not stopped me from shopping here as it is very convenient to where i live . the produce is always fresh and sometimes they have a sale that you just ca n't pass up . ( case in point me buying 8lbs of strawberries for $ 7.97 . hey i freeze them and use them in my smoothies lol ) all in all not bad but again i still miss sunflower market and there cheaper prices !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible selection of products , rotten fruit and long long check out lines . you would think it 's a wal mart ! i counted 26 people waiting in line with only three cashiers ! really ? unacceptable ! their produce is always wilted and on the verge of death and the employees look miserable !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been waiting to review sprouts as some times the staff has been a bit inconsistent . i am very happy with the service i receive at sprout , the check out lanes are nice and open . i love the $ 0.05 credit you get for brining your own bag . but mostly i really love the amazing produce quality and variet.y", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this store but getting to it is kind of difficult . use the stop light or come from greenway for easier access . the store is very clean , organized , and well stocked ; especially on the weekends for busy shoppers . lots of great produce to choose from but i was mostly just disappointed in the fact that their produce was mainly from mexico . for a health store i would hope to find more us product and gmo-free foods . otherwise the breads are delicious and enjoyed my shopping trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one or the best grocery stores of all time . super fresh and quality meat and produce for great prices ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got lunch here for the first time today and i plan on coming back many more times . i work right up the street so it 's really convenient and the food was beyond delicious and made quickly regardless of the line . not to mention the price ca n't really be beat . they definitely won me over today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite store ! great customer service , reasonable prices & good quality of their products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the new gluten free and vegan bread section ! while i still enjoy whole foods , i think there 's less incentive to shop there now that there 's so many gluten free options at this location . there 's always a great selection of fresh produce , beer , and lakewood juice . customer service is always great and everyone always seems happy . when a worker is stocking the shelves , they great everyone and ask if they need assistance . some may argue that this type of customer service should always happen , but i find it to be rare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice store but lousy customer support . a bit pricey on all the bulk items which apparently you need to write a code on your bag in order to check out . i 'm from pittsburgh , pa recently relocated to phoenix . we have trader joe 's , aldi 's , and the strip district where over half the stores are `` bulk '' 'items and the cashiers know `` the product codes '' or are happy to get them for you . i failed to follow the `` sprouts '' protocol and at the checkout the `` cashier '' copped an attitude fit for a three year old ! not mention there was a huge line with two cashiers . what are they walmart ? i was soooo tempted to just tell her keep it all i 'll shop somewhere else ! probably will find a trader joe 's instead ! good enough for a short stop but do not recommend for weekly grocery shopping . terrible experience ! ! ! hope your reading sprouts !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean store is a must in my opinion but this one always seemed to be in pristine condition . never had any flies buzzing around on the food or little nats that are in some other stores fruit area . the staff on friendly and there is always someone working that will help you pick out the ready to eat fruit or vegetable if you are trying to explore and are n't sure how to tell if it is rip enough , from my experience . i also love the dried good section . i really love when they get the dried cherries in stalk but they never seem to last long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was hands down the worst experience of my life . very unprofessional , she had me wait for hours constantly going back on her word when she said to be there , and then we she got done with the pants i needed altered , she gave them to me for free she did so poorly . i did not look until i got back home , and they were horrible . there were holes of unfinished work , and the stitching that was done was also a terrible job . i would not recommend to my worst enemy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "micki was seriously phenomenal ! ! ! i needed a whole redesign of my wedding dress ! i went back for my fitting and i was so impressed and excited ! she even went the extra mile and transformed my cowgirl hat as my veil by adding tulle and small diamonds ! hands down the best experience ever ! will recommend anyone and everyone ! ! her goal was to make me feel special on my special day and she definitely succeeded ! ! thank you again so much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed my husband 's dress pants hemmed immediately , and had called around to all the businesses in mesa . most could only do 3 to 7 day turnaround , and were charging much extra for a `` rush '' . i called micki , and she took us in on a saturday afternoon and had his pants finished by dinner time . very sweet lady , very comparable pricing . did n't charge us for a rush job either . what we loved ? micki is a total perfectionist with her alterations . she will sit and pin and pin until you are 1000 % satisfied with where the hem will be , and also offers a very good sense of style with ways the hem would look better . if it should be tapered , longer in the back , etc . she works out of her house , which does n't matter to me one bit . we will definitely only be using micki here in mesa . thank you for being so accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "micki was a pleasure to work with . she was so inviting and welcoming i felt comfortable immediately . i ordered a bridesmaids dress that unfortunately arrived too big and needed the dress within a day for a wedding . not only did she accept my request but she got it done in time and it fit perfectly . i will definitely be back for other alterations i may need in the future . i definitely recommend micki for any of your alteration needs . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on the telephone , micki is delightful ! she advised me of her new address . 4396 e houston ave. ( baseline and recker )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a regular here , i work a few floors up from the cafe ... you 'll most likely bump into me for breakfast or lunch ( often times both ) . allen is the owner and he is there greeting and servicing customers everyday , he always puts a smile on my face ! allen changes the lunch specials daily , which keeps the menu interesting and always has me coming down to see what he 's prepared . the menu ranges from pad thai , turkey dinners , cabbage rolls , burritos , eggplant lasagne ... the list goes on . paradise cafe has a set menu for breakfast , sandwiches , and salads . my personal `` go to 's '' are : paradise club , the cafe 's version of a blt on a homemade bagel ( cheese or plain dependent on your preference ) ; spanakopita and a caesar salad ; and tuna melt on flatbread ( the dill is great touch ) . coffee and desert are offered as well , conveniently located at the cash out ; ) my personal favourite spot . say hi to allen for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allen makes a point to remember your name and greets you with a smile every time . he makes sure you are happy and full when you leave . breakfasts are amazing and i find myself actually craving the greek salad !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for breakfast , lunch or coffee . well staffed , quick service and great food . try their homemade cheese bagel toasted with butter . you wo n't find a better bagel in the entire city", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered butter chicken and it was the worst i have ever eaten . it was like a amateur cooking style . you pick up sauces and put meat and cook .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i work close by and used to go pretty much every day under the previous owner allen . i see all the good reviews were made during the time it was his . the new owners are making a bit of a mess of it . they have tried to transition using similar menus and pricing but the food has gone downhill terribly . the portion sizes are a fraction of what they were and the quality of the food has really deteriorated . speaking with colleagues who used to frequent this place daily they seem most disappointed with the hot food which has gone from generous portion sizes under allen to what can only be described as tight fisted rationing by the new owners . people are starting to vote with their feet and a new place is opening soon which i think will hurt them a lot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to sarah 's hallmark yesterday for their holiday sale and was very disappointed with the bait and switch tactics going on with the vera bradley bags . they were offering in their sale print ad one style of bag but when i got to the store , that bag was not the one they were offering with the sale price . and it was n't because they did n't have it either ! when i asked the clerk about the proper price of the bag , she insisted that the owners made a mistake but that she could n't offer the bag that was pictured at the discounted price . i told her this was bait and switch and asked her to call the owners to clarify . she would n't do it . you have to sell the bag pictured at the discounted price ... plain and simple . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the sarah 's hallmark shop on via linda in scottsdale . was driving by today and went in to buy some cards -- -wow what an unfriendly staff ! three women were working and sonia and another older lady ( not the one in a purple shirt ! ) looked at me several times like i had walked into their home living room unannounced . at one point i even smiled at one grump and said `` hi '' . i was never greeted or asked if i needed help -- just glared at . as far as i could tell each customer was treated this way . when sonia rang me up both her and the other grump employee proceeded to complain about some customer that ordered an item . well , maybe you 'll get your wish and you can be unhappy at home in your own living room -- -not going back ! it 's really too bad , as they have a very nice selection of cards -- -but i 'm not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank goodness there is a store that carries souvenirs ! ! ! i did n't have that many souvenirs on my last day in arizona so i was so relieved to come across this hallmark shop . i wish i had more room in my luggage , since i saw some cute christmas items on sale ( 65-75 % off ) . dang.. i wish those check-in luggage were larger ! ! regardless , i found some souvenirs with `` arizona '' on them . yay for mini sand-globes and dreamcatcher as souvenirs ! : ) now the hard part was finding room in my luggage ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love hallmark but i ca n't say the same about sarah 's hallmark . employees seem friendly but when there is a problem they are condescending and impatient . i 've experienced this on more then one occasion and witnessed it as well . i will drive twice as far to go to a good hallmark with good customer service . the only reason i give two stars is because they have a fair amount of merchandise .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what is there to say about ecktor other then that he 's the best damn cutter of hair i have ever met in my 29 years . he 's passionate about his craft , will recommend product to use if you inquire , and will help to bring the beauty that you are into the light ! not only is he super talented , but once you get to know him he will act as your therapist . this has saved me tons of money ! ! i could go on and on about ecktor , but i will just end this review with one last bit of advice . call and schedule an appointment with ecktor as soon as you can , it will change your life ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a true customer to ecktor for years . i love his honesty and passion for life . he is upbeat , energetic and does brilliant stylist work . his creativity and ability to see outside the box with design , color and style is what sets him above other stylists . i highly recommend that anyone come see him ! he is n't a beautician ... he is a magician !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ecktor is by far my favorite stylist ! i 've been moving state to state the past 10 years and ended up in vegas about two years ago . i 've been all over from new york to miami to beverly hills ... you name it and i 've been there , so i feel i can offer a good comparison . i am very picky with who i see but my friend encouraged me to give ecktor a try as he had done wonders on her hair . i was n't disappointed ! he is very professional and you can tell he loves what he does . getting a good hair cut is one thing , getting a perfect hair cut by someone who is passionate in their work and amazing at their job is a completely different thing and he delivers on this . i highly recommend him and without a doubt he is the best stylist i 've been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was fortunate enough to meet ecktor one evening at work and that 's when he left me his business card . from there it was a done deal . not only does he have an amazing personality ... he has a talent for hair . i love the way he cuts , colors and styles my hair and keeps me thoroughly entertained while working his magic . he also does my daughters hair . we love ecktor and will not go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as you can see in my reviews i really enjoy bbq . we decided to stop in and try it . had the brisket . it was amazing . also tried the 3 rib plate . ribs had a lot of meat on them and you could really taste the smoke . this location smokes the meat right on site . tasted so fresh . then to top it off . ummm ya , free ice cream . lol give this place a try . did i mention free ice cream . lol wife had the turkey . i tried it and could taste the smoke in it . i ended eating the rest of hers also . ahahaha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the smoke scent really clings to your clothes and hair all day ... but it 's worth it ! i love their brisket with coleslaw and mac and cheese . and free soft serve ? yes , please ! very decently priced and portioned .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that fact that you are greeted by an upbeat , smiling employee as soon as you walk in the door ! he seems to always be there and is super friendly and genuinely courteous , you do n't see that very often these days ! of course the bbq is delicious too , top it all off with free ice cream and you go yourself and winning combination !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so . much . food . i got the 2 meat plate with green beans , mac and cheese and a cornbread . that was a heck of a lot of food . it was expensive , $ 30 for lunch for 2 people . but i wo n't need to eat for the rest of the day . it was very good and we will probably be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we orders food for six people and after being 20 minutes late on having the order ready , they forgot three items . really poor services , do n't waste you time with this food chain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried it the other day and was very good and very nice . i had ordered my phone ahead of time and at closing time but they waited for me and made my fries fresh . tonight i return with my husband and we ate there and had a very good experience . very nice workers there . will be back . glad i open the valu coupons that comes in the mail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not waste your money or evening out at dickeys . poor service and average food . go to applebee 's at least there you know what you 're going to get . that 's all i have to say about that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best bbq place in mentor . we ordered the xl family pack with brisket , pork , and chicken breast . sides were onion straws , fried okra , masked potatoes and mac and cheese . every piece of this was top quality bbq . the meat was tender , the sides were fresh , and the bread was warm and soft . in my opinion the price was reasonable for the portions and their was enough food to go around . i 've been to many places around mentor and this is my new favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after writing my review about dickeys in mentor ohio , i get an answer and request for a phone number and email so they can contact me . they left the below message on my yelp account ... . very interesting ... . did n't seem to care one bit ! ! ! hi laura , sorry to here that our ribs are n't any better than giant eagles . well , since this is a free country , at least you have the option to get your barbecue there when you have a hankering . so enjoy your giant eagle ribs and have a great day . ron barnhart owner", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly staff and fantastic bbq . you will fall in love with the dill potato salad . 3 sauce options and many meat options it was hard to choose , so we tried them all . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "originally form the south so i 've tasted my share of smoked n bbq . all i need to say is when my parents come in town the first place they are salivating to go to is dickey 's . the stuffed baked potatoes are hands down delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda and her staff are such talented and skilled craftsmen . her prices are fair and reasonable while the work is out of this world . i have had a few pieces framed here and i 'm always pleased with outcome . it 's nice going to an establishment where people actually love their work and it shows through the finished product . you 're not going to pay for more than you want or be talked into anything more . it 's like old school mom and pop business in a modern framing gallery . honesty and perfection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had over 30 pieces of art framed by amanda and her team over at framezilla . she is more than willing to go above and beyond for unique requests , has an eye that i trust , and is very affordable . they do n't try to oversell you and will work within your budget . i 've mostly had screenprints and letterpresses framed but they 've done work on simple $ 50 pieces of artwork to upwards of a couple thousand dollars - they take great care to preserve everything in conservation quality materials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys ( and gals ) are now known as framezilla . my fianc\u00e9 and i purchased an antique table covering in hungary and wanted to get it professionally framed as a wedding gift to each other . we love supporting local businesses and this was our first stop . the team was very friendly , knowledgeable and efficient . when the initial estimate went over our budget , the salesperson worked with us to bring the price into our preferred range . the framed piece is absolutely gorgeous . we are so glad we chose framezilla .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dropped my stitched piece off during the madness immediately preceding christmas . amanda and her staff did an absolutely impeccable job , and even made a special delivery to have it to me in time for a special event . you wo n't be sorry you chose framezilla !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda at framezilla did an amazing job to mat and frame a valuable poster for me so i could present to my best friend mac . everyone at the presentation could n't believe how amanda cut the mat around the artist name and the wood frame with a beveled edge was beautiful . also , the cost was very reasonable compared to other frames . i highly recommend framezilla .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a good choice for homemade pasta and great veal . the tiramisu is likely the best in town . like the overall vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in here for lunch with the mother of the spouse of a good friend of mine and her daughter as they had proclaimed that this was one of their `` go-to '' restaurants in montreal . i can see why . it 's a cutesy little trattoria that serves light italian fare with some great pizza . i had a simple spaghetti with meat sauce and a salad to be followed by a dessert of apple pie . the pasta is made from scratch and was quite wholesome . service was also good if a little too attentive at times . i 'd come back , but since the place is small , i might advise against coming with too many people !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : -the food is reasonably priced . cons : -seems like the whole menu is in french -the menu itself looks uninspired in appearance -the english language skills of the waiters here is limited . it 's an ok italian restaurant , nothing to write home about honestly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was trying to plan a lovely birthday dinner for my mother and had researched this restaurant online , it seemed nice . we walked in during the grand prix madness , and though the initial waitress was nice , our following waiter was absolutely horrible . worst service ever . he came over and was rude and unfriendly . firstly , i had to go to him to just get water for our table of four , because he was ignoring our table . when he finally came over with the water , he made a rude comment saying `` i thought you guys would be ready to order considering you were so desperate to talk to me '' when we started to ask questions about the menu . he was making overall sarcastic and discourteous comments and was unaccommodating in changing the order slightly to better fit our needs . we ended up leaving the restaurant without eating because of how rude the waiter was . also , the menu was nothing like what was online ( much more limited ) . would not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly service , great food , reasonable prices for montreal . i ordered the risotto from the prix fixe menu and was not disappointed . my husband ordered the chicken scallopini and it was amazing . my daughter ordered the tortellini with butter and cheese , and the helpful waiter suggested a half portion . i would definitely go here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was there for a quick lunch so this wo n't be the most comprehensive review . the bread was very sliced baguette good with both butter and their house brand basil infused olive oil as options . i had a spaghetti with red a light red sauce and saut\u00e9ed zucchini , onion , mushrooms and bell peppers . it had great spices and flavor . service was friendly and prompt . they also have a lunch special with appetizer , pasta of the day and coffee and optional desert ( $ 4 extra ) for $ 15 which a co-worker had and liked but i did n't order because of time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to restaurant ferrari on a tuesday night around 7pm . thinking an fresh pasta italian restaurant would be busy for a 7pm reservation was wrong . this place was pretty dead . as the other reviews note , there really is one server , the owner and then the chef . despite the lack of life in the restaurant , the food was great . we tried their special mozzarella di bufala with tomatoes and pesto . it was scrumptious . i had the create your own pasta dish - paparadelle with a oil based mushroom sauce which was delicious . the owner insisted that we try the tiramisu , and it really did complete our meal . they must make it there fresh every day because the consistency was so perfect . we also watched the owner interview a young lady to be a waitress , so hope that helps this place out a bit !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "un super bon restaurant italien de montr\u00e9al plus ou moins d'ambiance mais les plats sont super et on retrouve des pizzas comme \u00e0 napoli .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with this place . my mother had the shrimp which was pretty good , but i had a bruschetta pizza , and it was insanely salty . i actually put a lot of salt on my food and it was too much even for me . we did not get bread with our meal although everyone else seemed to . i ordered a glass of wine and i could tell that the bottle had been open for too long . the waiter that was serving us went home half way through the meal . the pie was from a freezer and cold . we ordered regular coffee but it was made with an espresso machine and was far too strong !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ce n'est peut \u00eatre pas le restaurent le plus beau ou le plus `` in '' de montr\u00e9al , mais \u00e7a reste que c'est la nourriture la plus semblable que celle d'italie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a terrible experience for me . i was looking forward to continuing crossfit as i moved from city to city every 3 months for rotations . i decided to try this gym ( i had done crossfit before ) . throughout the entire class , the instructor was on his phone the entire time . did n't look up to even see how we were doing . nor check in on the `` new person '' . barely any motivation from him either . the only thing he did was countdown `` 3-2-1 '' when it was time to go . no encouragement nor critiquing throughout . i left that place after class , without such as a mere comment from the instructor on how i liked it ? also never received a follow-up email either , which was fine with me because i knew i would n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would n't still be doing crossfit if it were n't for the community and the coaches here . everyone is encouraging and the coaches are super helpful . they also have fun activities like kegs and kilos and wodapalooza from time to time . if you 're in the area and looking for a great gym , look no further .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i found a new barber shop ... i loved this place . i went in for a straight razor shave and only had to wait for a few minutes to get into a chair . when i got into the chair , the barber asked tons of questions to make sure she knew what i wanted . i know a lot of people dont like spending a lot of time in the chair , but with a shave i 'm fine with spending an hour or so in the chair . i also have really sensitive skin and i told her that and she made sure that she took a little extra time . they use hot towels and a great warm shaving cream that has a nice cooling effect . it was a great shave and she made sure that it was lined up and perfect before i got out of the chair . i will defiantly go back for my haircut . prices are good to ... $ 16 for a shave and $ 13 for a haircut ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always driven past them until a few months back and havent gone any place else ever since . i never go to the same place twice in a row simply because i really dont care about my haircuts and its pretty simple . i 've been to the ones in paradise valley and supercuts , its really not something i think about ... until i started going here . now this place is nice . the people are friendly , they do their best to accommodate you and are very very good at what they do ! 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to twins for about 1yr now . fyi . my profile pic is one of those hats with hair on it . not a twins job . lol . anyway , i get a high and tight skin fade . they always use a straight razor to perfect it . you walk into most haircut places and ask for a skin fade using a razor and they look at you like you have 2 heads . i have never got a bad haircut from anyone . i do n't wait for a specific barber . never been let down . really purveyors of a dying art .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eddie and everyone is always friendly and always does a great job when i go there . i love to get the old fashioned shaves with my haircut , because they use a hot towel and warm shave cream ... i would defiantly recommend them to every one in the area looking for a haircut , shave to even eyebrows in a very nice shop with very nice people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best . i have been going to eddie and the fam for more than 10 years and will never go anywhere else . great cuts great prices and great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been three days since my twins trim . i am really pleased . only sweet d has cut my hair better in the past three years . i thought my tip would be waiting here as my review beginning so i could tell you precisely who cut my hair . i 'm 80 % sure it was nora . she listened carefully , was fast and efficient , and coached me in the end to not lose that next 1 4 inch of hair . the premises are tastefully styled , all about sports and the celebs getting trimmed here . excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled soon this place by chance and have been very happy ever since . the staff is professional and the service is top notch . kudos to omar for my current hard-part retro cut . looks awesome ! be prepared for a long wait but do n't be discouraged . i thought i 'd share a pic of a typical saturday ... full house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this barber shop is great ! very clean . everyone is friendly . never had a problem . eddie has been cutting my hair since 1998 . i would refer this barber shop to anyone man , woman , boy or girl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . very old school . want it high and tight squared off with a straight edge ? no problem ! friendly staff , good haircuts , and reasonable prices . great alternative to the chains . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is definitely the only barber shop i will go to . it 's a must to have eddie cut your hair but if he is not available the other barbers are also very good so not to worry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the best barber shop i have found yet ! ! i live in peoria and travel to the other side of town , outta my way , to have them chop my mop.. highly advised the twins barber shop ( s )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just found my new barbershop . this place is awesome . kc was my barber and she easily fixed my bad haircut and knew exactly how to cut my hair as if she had been cutting it for years . i am pretty anal when it comes to my haircut . i had been going somewhere else to the same barber for two years but he moved or quit . i took a chance with their new guy and let 's just say that i wo n't go back there and ill definitely be going back to kc at twins .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved here from california and i had a hard time finding a place that i liked to cut my hair . but twins barber shop is the best in az . their customer service is great and the hair cuts are excellent ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had an old school hair cut and shave . always went to the cheap chain stores like great clips- etc . this experience was amazing so worth the extra money . i treated myself to a straight razor shave also , awesome . i will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best barbers in west valley , hands down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only place i trust to cut my hair , .. no matter who you get your haircut always straight", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to twins for over a year now and ever since my first initial visit , lilly has alway 's greeted me by my name , what a memory , before i even get a chance to say hello . lilly and twins has never disappointed , as a matter of fact , i will be there today 8 17 2013 . keep up the incredible customer service twins ( lilly ) and haircuts ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing great things about this barber i decided to give them a try , what a mistake i made . my barber did everything i told him not to do . i asked for a hightop fade scissor cut on top not too short . to keep this short i ended up with a super high faded fohawk and the top is extremely short which makes it look even worse and makes me look very unprofessional . the first thing he asked me was if i wanted a fohawk and i laughed and said no ! ! prices have also apparently gone up a couple dollars . i would recommend staying away from this barber shop", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to twins barbershop for almost 10 years . the owner eddie and his crew give top of the line hair cuts at a great price . the barbershop is always clean and comfortable . the staff is professional and consistent . you do n't have to worry about a different barber working there every time you go as most of the employees have been there for over 10 years . i like the fact that they take their time and make sure your satisfied . i also like the fact that they use a new razor for every customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to a few barbers around the area and honestly , no need to look further . the environment in this place is so peaceful and friendly . i started getting my haircuts by eddie . he is a very amazing barber and a very good man . i promise you that you will not leave that barber seat u happy . they do very good work . i highly recommend this place to everyone in the neighborhood . you wo n't regret it . keep up the good work eddie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "twins is the best around using for almost 15 years , we are almost like family now . they make you feel comfortable and treat my kids even better . we will always use there services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this location once when the other twins was under remodel . i got decent service but not great . a hispanic girl who had her little boy ( maybe 2 years old ) their running around cut my hair but i did n't get her name . she did okay , i got just a `` clean up '' and that 's what she did . when i went to pay she told the other guy who cut my son 's hair that it was a full charge ( $ 15 ) and once i said something then the price was adjusted . maybe if the baby was n't running around , the service and communication on work done would have been better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place is the best . everyone knows your name and the service is top notch . would n't go anywhere else . my son goes now , he 's 5 , and he even picked eddie to cut his hair and loves it . 5 star no doubt ! awesome people with awesome skills and awesome environment ! no complaints here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is excellent ! ! best barber shop i 've been to in phoenix ! ! eddie is the man to see ! ! love from cali ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . i 've been getting my hair cuts here for years . everyone there is like a big family , they use your name , the cuts are great . everything from rockabilly to flat tops . if you are in the area and need a cut or even just a trim , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been getting my haircut here for 15 years plus . i went to the old location on 19th ave and thunderbird for 7 years than when eddie told me he was moving it just got better . now it 's closer to my house and more convenient , but even if they moved to mesa i would make the trip ... .they are that good ! ! ! the staff is always very friendly and professional and in the event your barber is off that day or busy every single employee there does a great job ! ! i have sent so many people here and none of them have ever been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here a couple of days ago , and they asked all the right questions . they did n't bat an eye at my being a women and gave me a great haircut . they took their time and did it right . i 'm pretty picky about my hair and i loved this place . i also liked that they accept credit cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can i say about twins ! the haircuts are dope . but the people are even better . i believe that the barber shop is the most beautiful and diverse place in this country . twins exemplifies humanity . great hair cuts by amazing people . stories are told and life is shared together . humanity needs more fades at twins ! i 've been going to twins for over a year now and have had cuts and beard trims by almost everyone however vicki is my fave ! she always has a great story to tell and makes me feel like we 've been friends for years . i live in peoria and i still go to twins for my cut . i now take my two sons 13 and 11 so they can have the flyest look in school . i used to take them to the chain places to save money but you get what you pay for . i 'm convinced there is no better shop in the valley . twins is a `` cut '' above the rest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here a while now . honestly the best military fades ever . i went there first and met anahy . she has stayed my barber since . she is personable , will talk , and is considerate of time . but will still give u the best . my wife came with me last time to see how it is done . wife said over 13 tips for the shaver , and complete respect . my wife has told me she will pay for me to go to anahy . i look great when i am done because of her . i always look for a barber that uses a straight razor , these are the best . ask for anna-yee . u wo n't be disappointed . i promise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no bs haircuts , well done , by friendly barbers . great job twins !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wo n't go to any other place for a haircut then to eddie ! he leaves you super fresh and i guarantee you wo n't ever leave there unsatisfied . top of the line haircuts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best barber shop i 've been to in az . great service and even better cuts . if you are in the west phoenix area and need a cut , this place will not disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "twins barbers is the spot . if you want a good hair cut done right , see eddie and his crew at twins barber shop i 've been going for many years . sometimes i have to wait but if you want it done right its worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "twin barber is the best shop in az . all barbers have amazing skill no matter who 's chair you sit in . ed is the most amazing barber i have ever had cut my hair . they have a great environment & everyone there is very nice . they always try to take care of everyone there but when your in the chair . they put all the focus on you & have some great skill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eddie and company run an excellent barber shop . i have been a faithful client for more than ten years . they 're professionalism , friendliness , and attention to stylish detail results in a fresh cut . i recommend that you get your hair cut at the twins barbershop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going with eddie for over 8 years+ and always does great job ! him and his staff are all on point and great people ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shave i had done ever ! the russian lady ( forgot her name ) cut my hair . funny i have been living right next door and find this spot when i am leaving town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nora is great and does the best fades hands down ! i 'll keep coming back just for her ! everyone is very friendly , professional and they maintain a clean shop . it 's a welcoming shop and safe for all types , including kids . you do n't have to worry about inappropriate or foul language . try them out , you wo n't regret it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service and great fades . i 've been getting my haircut by the owner eddie for the last 5 years , he takes his time even if they 're busy . plenty of barbers there to ensure quality and consistent cuts during peak times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in tempe and drive all the way over here to get my hair cut . i 've been coming here for almost 10 years . the team is amazing and everyone knows what they are doing . overall great vibe in the place . will continue to bring my business here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this hidden gem last year . great service and great atmosphere . vicky is top notch , the best i 've ever been to . shaves , haircuts , fades , she 's a pro at it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took my nephew in here to get his hair cut . he had about 2 years of over growth and was refusing a hair cut and finally wanted one . i have to give the guy who cut his hair a lot of respect because he had to pic his hair out first then cut . he did such a great job my nephew walked out of here with a smile on his face . and his father and i were so happy to see him looking lined up and clean cut !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here this morning and the service was awesome and i forgot the dudes name who cut my hair but i will definitely be back and look for the same guy . this was actually one of the only times that i have ever been to a barber as it is a bit out of my comfort zone but everyone there was very friendly and it felt like you knew everyone . i recently turned 40 and i think my receding hairline is a lot less noticeable now , so im beyond happy . lol definitely go here before checking out others . they have definitely earned the 5 star rating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys did a great job from start to finish . nate the owner was on site everyday making sure that the things we discussed were happening . everyone on the job spoke english as well . the prices we were expecting the job to cost was exactly what we paid and very reasonable . my yard was all dirt and rock they started on monday and by friday the job was done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nate and crew installed sprinkler system and sod when he said they would and within timeframe he said . they did a phenomenal job and always answered any questions promptly . i 've already referred someone to him and will continue to do so , the price agreed upon was very competitive , a+ well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : nate reached out apologizing and wanting to make things right . will give it another go in the future . no show for estimate appointment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am selling my house , nate came out to look as some issues we are having with our irrigation system . he completed the work within a day and was very responsive to questions i had . i would definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with the professionalism as well as quality of work . asked for an estimate on monday . nate showed up exactly at the time he said he would . went ahead with a whole new piping . crew showed up tuesday on time . it 's refreshing that this company did exactly what they said they would . thanks wsi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had called nate a couple of months ago looking for an irrigation contractor who was willing to work with me as i re-landscaped about 2000sf of my backyard . what i needed was some guidance advice as i finished the work i could do , as well as some work piping for irrigation that i planned to hire them to do . nate was willing to advise me and spent a full hour at my house on a saturday morning to look at my project and all of the current piping . he gave me all kinds of advice and even answered a few emails several weeks before i hired him . when i was ready , he and his guys came over and did a great job on the piping and grass installation . he even let me tack on a few extra tasks and was able to get them done while his crew was here . his employees were friendly and i felt safe with them around . the price was several hundred dollars lower than another well-rated company and the work was done well and timely . thanks ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "initially we got a bid to fix water pressure and a valve system on our front yard with another company ; the bid was upwards of $ 6k , which is insane ! i found williams sprinkler on yelp and noticed they were close to me and had a good reputation . curtis was responsive on phone calls , showed up on time , and communication throughtout was tremendous . dealing with contractors , communication can be the biggest headache , but not with williams sprinklers ; they kept me informed every step of the project . nate joined curtis on a complex valve changed and delivered ! we now have grass growing back in spots that were dead due to bad water pressure and sprinkler heads . i am happy with my new sprinkler system and recommend williams sprinkler & irrigation on a fantastic install !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used williams sprinkler & irrigation several times and have been extremely pleased with the service , quality and pricing . nate has been extremely helpful and patient with working with me on my budget to transform my backyard from a desolate space of ugly lava rock and block walls into an oasis surrounded by lush landscaping and greenery . nate listens to your needs and your budget and never tries to upsell you . he stands by his work and has a good crew . these are some of the things i used williams sprinkler & irrigation for : complete irrigation system in backyard including installation of smart irrigation controller , all new valves and lines and sod installation . irrigation to my entire 150 ' hedge of 33 trees . new valves in front of house and running electrical from front to back to place everything on one smart irrigation controller . new copper plumbing at front of house that includes a pressure vacuum breaker . i will definitely continue to use nate and his services and highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they came out the same week and replaced all my old and broken sprinklers . did an amazing job and i would definitely recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nate and his crew impressed me . when they were finished with the job i could n't tell they were even there . they were very professional and explained how to program my timer . nate came out on sunday and gave the quote and the crew came on thursday to do the job . the quality of work surpassed my expectations . i would recommend them to all my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently had our entire drip irrigation replaced as it was getting old and in disrepair . i got a quote from another company and it was almost $ 7,000 . when i got the quote from williams irrigation they sent nate out who thoroughly went over everything that they would replace and what products they would use . nate gave me a quote that was half of the first one even though both quotes were for the same exact products and repair . they got the job done in 2 1 2 days and we 're very courteous and explained everything to me . i would highly recommend williams irrigation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nate , junior and the entire crew were very professional and did an outstanding job at a very reasonable price . they ran pvc throughout my entire 1 4 '' acre yard for less than some quotes i received for flexible pipe . nate asked my wife and i where we would like every possible drip stub out and even ran lines to areas where we did n't initially think we wanted irrigation in the event we needed it in the future . i definitely recommend them to anyone looking to have an irrigation system installed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a leak in our irrigation lines as well as a bad timer box . called and left a message on a sunday expecting to be called back on monday , but received a call from nate that evening . he said he would have someone out on tuesday to check the line . junior came out on tuesday as expected , gave me a reasonable estimate and returned the next day to fix the problem . after fixing the leak and installing a new timer box he tested the zones and found that part of our drip system was n't working and our front yard plants were n't receiving water . he gave us two scenarios as well as pricing and said he could come the next day to fix . it turns out our landscapers tried to fix a leak and capped off the lines to our drip system . he fixed that problem and tested out the zone again and showed me that they were all receiving water now . lesson learned , do n't have your landscapers fix a leak , call this company instead .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely going to call them for all my sprinkler irrigation needs . they came out to fix a sprinkler leak immediately and last week they replaced a sprinkler system in the front yard of one of our rentals . they were extremely professional , called to let me know they were going to be a few minutes late , completed the job efficiently and priced the job reasonably . today , i had an emergency irrigation problem in another location ( on a friday night at 5:30 ) . nate was able to talk my husband through the process of shutting off the water to the irrigation system . definitely recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the amount of wing flavours are ridiculous . on top of that , you 'd have to ask your server who carried a cheat sheet of what the wing flavours were - this was tedious as you 'd spend a long time figuring flavours out ( especially if you 're in a large group ) . see ... their wings flavours are made up of combinations of your standard wing flavours ( i.e . hot , medium , cajun , etc ... ) . i believe i tried a combination of greek and suicide which turned out to be pretty tasty . overall , wings were good and the server was very kind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to all-star wings a few times before , but i do n't think i 'll be going back . the menu does n't describe the many wing flavours , the wings are tiny , and for fried food on a not busy night , the food took a long time . adding to the fact that their fries , both regular and sweet potato , are not good at all and are served with very unappealing sauces , this location only has one flavour of daiquiris , strawberry . ugh . while the have a bunch of beers , not much in the way of cocktails for non-beer drinkers . i can get bigger better wings and fries elsewhere . oh yeah , kids meals are expensive and do n't include a drink or dessert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the worst experience ever . never go here . the wings are so small and over priced . you should just go to wild wings on whites road with better service , better food and a better price . i 've been to other all star wings like the ones in vaughan and scarborough but this by far has to be the worst experience i 've had . i still ca n't believe how tiny the wings were and how cold they were when we got them . it did not have a fresh taste to them at all . i 'm definitely not coming back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place ever . i would no recommend it to anyone ! i went last on a weekday evening the service was terrible to say the least . out waitress was too busy doing other things to tend to her table . the looks from the staff were rude . when i apologized and went to ask the waitress for something she responded with what ? in the most rude manner . i went to the washroom after dinner only to hear the other waitress talk about how fucked up they had gotten there the night before . moreover when they saw me they just continued their conversation . the greek fries were really good but the wings were subpar . i would never return to this location and probably deter anyone i know from going back . i also went on the website to file a formal complaint but could n't because there was no option and the website is horribly maintained . you would assume this is a local mom and pop shop not a multi billion dollar industry . # allstarwings", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me start by saying i 've been to many all star wings locations . i live in durham and used to trek out and wait for a seat at the vaughan location , as it was my favorite . life 's changed ... the pickering location has definitely won me over . from friendly smiles , low wait times and fresh food to the table this location definitely has great service down . for the first time i 've had crispy fresh greek fries . the hawian burger was fabulous and the loaded potato was better than most . but the baked potato is not worth the $ 3 substitution cost . the wings were n't as big as other locations but the advantage is less batter and more flavour and room for more greek fries . definitely the new go to spot in durham .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a place called all star wings , this place does not really make good wings . they were small and very dry ... leaves little to be desired . luckily they have other menu options like a whole page of grilled cheese sandwiches to choose from ! we had the pork it which had bbq pulled pork , caramelized onions , brie and bacon . it was pretty good and well presented . my favorite part of the visit would be the deep fried pickle spears from the app menu . the dill sauce is a bit watery but otherwise it was a nice start to the meal : ) maybe i 'll be back just for the appetizer next time staff are nice and the booths are clean with their own little tv . they checked up on us fairly regularly so we did n't have trouble getting water refilled or anything .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was kinda disappointed with this place . i have been twice . the ribs are really good . get those . the wings however are n't that great . they are tiny for one . and second , though it sounds like a good at first , there are like 200 different wing sauces . and they do n't tell you whats in them . you are expected to ask the server , and they will tell you whats in it from memory . or at least that 's how it 's supposed to work . like i am for choice , but i think in this case there are too many . so the flavours i did choose were n't great . the beer selection was also pretty weak .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as i mentioned in my earlier review , i opted to pay $ 40 more for a microwave than an online offer because i wasted to build a relationship with a local vendor and the service that came with it . well , that decision recently paid off . a gasket in the door recently started to fail . i called grand and they immediately put me in touch with their service vendor . within a week the vendor stopped by , looked over the unit , determined that it needed a new door and ordered the part . he will be here in a week to replace it . i love how simple this situation was to resolve . several years ago i purchased a refrigerator from the online service of a big box store and replacing the damaged-on-arrival unit was a 4-month nightmare . grand appliance reminded me that shopping local is such a good idea . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed a new refrigerator because our old one was on it 's way out ! in addition , we had a limited space in which to fit it . we worked with chris and he was wonderful . we changed our minds after placing the order and he was very patient and helpful . we highly recommend grand appliance and tv in sun prairie . the delivery people worked so hard to fit it into our house and space . the entire process was so smooth , thanks to great customer service . the prices are great , it 's a very nice appliance store with lots of options and you ca n't beat the awesome service ! we highly recommend grand appliance and tv in sun prairie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for an appliance , you only need to make one stop . i have been dreaming about an amazing gas oven for over a decade , and when our old electric finally was laid to rest , i knew dennis at grand appliance would find my soulmate . my husband and i love to cook and bake and dennis knew the ge dual fuel was exactly what we not only needed , but would fall in love with . it was love at first flame . from delivery to pick up of our ol'girl , grand appliance and dennis made this the best purchase experience . i have purchased other appliances for my work from them and every time is flawless . not only is the product exactly what i needed , the customer care is beyond expectation . you do n't need to shop around . just ask for dennis and let him make your dreams come true !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so when does a sales associate stop over at your home on his day off to assure your new appliance is working correctly -- when you work with damon lemke from grand appliance . after failing with two other much larger retailers , we had wonderful success at grand appliance . i was a little skeptical since i was n't familiar with the company , but they impressed from the start . grand has a fantastic selection of brands , damon is extremely knowledgeable in the category ( plus a super nice guy to work with ) , their delivery system was prompt , their installers were pleasant and accommodating . grand appliance will surely be getting more business from us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed all new appliances as ours were outdated . ordering was an easy process in the store . mike was informative and helped us make decisions based on our needs . the delivery set up was a bit of a challenge with dates getting mixed up but when cory & chad delivered on 7 8 17 they more than made up for it . both were great guys that took care of the delivery and made the process a good experience ! kuddos to both of them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly , i do n't know what it is about this place but everyone there is so incredibly miserable . they are either very hungry ( health consciousness overload ) or just plain mean . i am a polite and appreciative person - therefore , an acknowledgement of my presence would be nice . the place is expensive , but that would not be an issue to me if they were just nicer to their customers . its almost as though they have this superiority complex towards everyone who is n't in their 20 's or super skinny . i will avoid this place like the plague even if i need something i will wait till i am elsewhere in the city near a different health food store . they seriously need to work on their customer service skills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been several noah 's and although they can be overpriced i still enjoy shopping there from time to time . not this location i have not even been inside this particular noah 's but i did call them and it was a horrible experience . the staff was rude and seemingly inconvenienced that i had called . the manager answered the phone and replied to my question ( what is the price for this item ) with a raised voice that was angry and sharp . the second person i spoke to ( after i was hung up on ! ) was working the cash and speaking to other customers while they were on the phone with me . this person was condescending and patronizing . go to another location or to another shop all together where you will be treated fairly and with respect . the treatment from staff was not even basic kindness .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to a few noah 's in the city , but this was the first time visiting the one near yonge eglinton and the customer service sucked . nobody likes wandering around a store looking for an item , and being totally ignored by at least 5 bored staff members carrying on conversations . plus , they do n't have as much stock as the yonge charles location . i would return -- but only because the store is conveniently nearby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "today it was clear no one wanted to help me , or even smile in this store . add to that the guy stocking shelves pushed his way past me with non ' '' excuse me '' or acknowledgement ... i can safely say there is no concept of customer service here . sadly this has also been the case at their bloor spadina store ( hipster 'tude ) and especially bad at the one at bloor and yonge ... . the only one half decent is king street . i really do n't know why i bother anymore . it 's quite unpleasant to feel like you 're an inconvenience by simply being there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh , indeed . although the selection here is great ( particularly the bulk selections ) , and organizationally the place is top notch , the people leave me wanting every time . i always feel like a pain in the a when i have to ask for help or advice ( except this one time when i had a chest cold and the girl was absolutely great ) , and the check out is always dreary and feels so mundane . i feel like everyone here dislikes their job and would rather be elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went back to this yonge & eg noah 's to look for some non-toxic cosmetics & their selction was pitiful . only 3 shades of eyeshadow available , two shades of concealer in each brand . a few shades of lipstick . food wise their supplies are better but for natural cosmetics i would n't come back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there are a few things that i love about noah 's : 1 ) i can get the bulk items ( dried herbs and spices ) in small amounts and as much as i need . you go by weight instead of having to choose from pre-filled containers . 2 ) stuff i ca n't buy at the supermarket : pure coconut water 3 ) eggs . they have these not-so-cheap eggs that i love and are very fresh . 4 ) natural soap . 5 ) they carry the best chocolate milk in toronto . and the staff at this location are very very friendly . i do n't know what the other reviewer ( k. t. ) is talking about . they 're helpful and patient . maybe kt was having a bad day . con is that a lot of their items are very overpriced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lacking any real alternatives around here , noah 's is pretty decent . they 're not ambrosia , but decent . they usually have whatever obscure supplement i 'm looking for , along with a good selection of organic fruit and veg . their gluten-free bread section is hit-or-miss . and they have coconut milk coffee creamer , which is so hard to find here ! i will say though , some of their staff always seem kind of dazed and unhappy . are they perpetually fasting , or on a hardcore cleanse ? take some b vitamins or something , you guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "though i initially had trouble finding things , once sara ( one of the workers ) saw me struggling , she quickly came to assist me . once she knew what i was looking for , she also gave me alternative options brands ! they have a variety of vegan gluten free items here , many of which contained either coconut or almond oil ( my faves ) . one of my favourite products they sell here are their `` sweets from the earth '' vegan dairy free nut free egg free cookies ( $ 1.50 plus tax ) . these cookies are extremely delicious . highly recommend you purchase one ( or 5 ) next time you visit noah 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "noah 's can be pricey for certain items so i am selective about what i buy here . however , this location ( yonge & eglinton ) has a great selection for bulk items .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff was fine and friendly to me when i last went in , so no complaints there . as for the store itself , it is more robust than the location on bloor spadina . i ca n't really say the makeup selection was great ( big carrot is better ) , but it 's a decent in-a-pinch health food store to pick up things you ca n't find in big grocery stores . i still think there are better organic grocery stores on bloor bathurst and in kensington market , but it 's not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love noah 's , both the annex location and the uptown one . the staff are always pleasant and very helpful . they generally have everything i 'm looking for . it 's also much less of a sterile environment than whole foods . as well , they still have a very mom and pops feel to their stores . i 've been coming here since the 90s ... . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is legitimate for back east neighborhood dinning . maybe the help is a little too nice to call it authentic ( eg they are very friendly ) . i ordered at the counter and they recommend the onion rings . wow , the rings were great . obviously made fresh on site . the wings were high quality with the standard sauce choices , if you like wings you will be happy . i also did a half phily cheesesteak . it was a big portion and tasted great . the bread was fresh , soft in the middle and crunchy outside , the meat had enough juice to soak into the bread and the whole thing was buried in melted cheese . perfect casual dining for the everyman .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw this place in a strip mall near 59th and bell red one day and decided to give it a go for lunch . went in a sunday and was greeted by the staff ( mostly family ) all wearing bills shirts and listened to the owner talk about how great buffalo is . i 've never been or really wanted to visit buffalo but after eating here i might have to check it out ! the staff was super friendly and the restaurant was very clean . i tried the suggested beef on weck and boy was i impressed ! it was so good i refer all day how i found some place close to home to visit on a regular basis . i was told what makes the weck so special is the bun ... and they were right . served with generous amount of roast beef and fries at a good value . i was stuffed after eating the sandwich . i 'll definitely will be back because of the food and the friendly , family staff . i really hope this place makes it and hopefully yelp will help it last !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being from buffalo ny originally i 'm very picky when people claim to have `` buffalo `` food on the menu ! this place ! ! ! well they really deliver ! the staff were all very friendly and accommodating ! the food is made there fresh ! aside from the sahlen 's hot dogs they have flown in ! yummy ! all in all a delicious meal at a great price ! so glad they are close by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "subway has better sandwiches . i paid $ 22 for two mediocre sandwiches with skimpy meat and meh ... bread . how this place is rated so high is baffling . if i were you i would go elsewhere . two thumbs down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was awesome ! when someone advertisers having buffalo food , i have expectations since i 'm from there ! we had wings , beef on weck , a cheeseburger , italian sausage and the hand battered onion rings were pretty tasty too ! the owner 's son greeted us when we walked in the door and was very courteous and personable . i even got to chat with the owner about the bills which was pretty cool . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buffalo at it 's best , beef on weck right on , onion rings , wings , meatball sub top notch highly recommend , hope to serve beer soon , tvs for football too . arizona has another winner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty nice place and clean as well . it has a new york theme . love the smell of the food when i walk in . i got the wreck on deck sandwich . it had the most tender roast beef and plenty of it in that sandwich . the fries were crispy and delicious as well , some of the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome hot dog place- real beef hot dogs on a real flame grill ! also had the italiano sandwich-delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was fabulous ! ! we had the royal sandwich with potato salad , the meatball with onion rings and chicken wings with potato chips . everything was the best ! ! ! we will definitely be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place for authentic buffalo ny food ! ! just opened and ready to feed the hungry soul . absolutely delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food here is great . the royal is one of the best sandwiches i 've had in long time and the wings are so good . if you 're looking for something for dinner you need to get over here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food ! chicken wings were spicy and crispy and served with blue cheese dressing ( without asking ) and the beef on weck was wonderful , authentic and the weck roll wax perfect . onion rings were amazing ... best i 've had in a long time ! ca n't wait to go back and try the hot dogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great beef on weck and meatball sandwich . order at counter and they bring it to your table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have visited this place 3 times in the past two weeks and each time have thoroughly enjoyed their food . we enjoyed delicious char grilled hot dogs with ample toppings of mustard , sauerkraut , relish , chili etc ... .the onion rings are great- a must try ! on our most current visit we tried the fish fry- two large pieces of breaded haddock ( hard to find on menus in the valley ) , french fries , coleslaw and potato salad . the entire meal was delicious and left us totally full ... .my only comment for improvement would be to improve upon the coleslaw ( too dry and not sweet ) and maybe offer a one piece option for a little less money ... . our next visit we plan on trying the cheesesteak and meatball sandwiches ... ..keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife & i went here for the first time , but it sure wo n't be the last . after driving by their sign for a month or two , we decided to check it out . so glad we did . my wife had a chili cheese dog and i had an italian sausage with peppers & onions . we shared a 6 piece wing , and some onion rings . with a soda , it came to $ 20 . totally awesome food , great service , great price . i ca n't wait to try the rest of the menu . these guys got it right , and at just a few blocks from my house , this is going to be my new goto spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had great charbroiled skin on hotdogs . watched a lot of great food go by . ordered the chicken wings for dessert because they looked so good . next time i am going to try the beef on weck or the philly . this is a must try ! you can tell that they really care about making good food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first impression , big open space cool setup with grill center . like the wood around the walls and the cheesy pics of buffalo . was craving wings and hot dog so no room for beef on weck , next time . wings were good . nothing special though . all beef hotdog was yummy really hit the spot . deep flavor and grilled . my big critique is the dust on the soda and tea machines in the beverage area . they just need to make sure place is spotless . staff super friendly walking around and talking to customers . the guy that took my order however was boring uninterested and do n't think he knew the product very well . hopefully they make better decisions on staff moving forward they should have as much enthusiasm for the food as the owners do . support local and show up get a beef on weck check out the pics of buffalo and enjoy a little ny in az .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food across the board . be aware that the onion rings and potato chips are house made and nothing short of special . beef on weck is great and i do not know of anywhere else to get them in arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously everything i 've had is so good , and the portion sizes are so generous ! the owner and the workers in the back are all very nice and very accommodating . worth trying for sure ! ( also the ranch is fantastic )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with family from buffalo . they claim the kimmelwek rolls and the beef were both done to perfection . a real taste of buffalo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i created my own burger once i saw that they were actually cooking with charcoal . i was not disappointed . the burger was full of flavor and juicy . actually the best burger i have had since moving to arizona two years ago . my boyfriend ordered the royal . it was enormous . he loved it and said he would definitely order it again . his new favorite sandwich . and do n't forget to try the onion rings ... ... ... ..amazing ! ! ! i highly recommend this place . oh and dine in , the location is very clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we waited an hour and a half for food , but they had a event tonight and they were slammed , so i 'm sure it is n't like this every day . nothing on the menu is vegetarian , but everyone else 's food looked great ! loved the skyline of buffalo on the back wall . cool place , just wish they had something other than just meat on the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very huge portions.. especially for the philly steak . everything was delicious , and staff was very nice and friendly , and not intrusive . will be going there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "large open kitchen with a grill behind glass in the front . seemed to be family owned with the entire family working . i ordered the cheesesteak sandwich with homemade chips . the order took about 15 minutes to arrive , looked awesome and tasted great with my only complaint the way it was cut . seems the cook was trying a biased cut but did it in a way that left one 1 2 missing 2 inches of top bun and the other missing 2 inches of the bottom bun . truly a mess to eat and confusing at best . all in all the chips and sandwich were good and on my next visit will ask for a straight cut or try one of their burgers as they looked great also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't had a beef on weck in years ... totally filled that void here ! i 've been whining about arizona food since we moved here and now we have a place right down the road that helps get me by between visits home to buffalo . if you 're not a wny native , i 'd be careful going here . you 'll be sad eating anything else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped in yesterday for lunch with no expectations . we were amazingly surprised at the food at this gem of a restaurant ! after looking over the menu , mike suggested i try the beef on weck . i had never heard of such a thing so i thought i would give it a go . this was a french dip on steroids ! flavor and quality were excellent . my wife tried the spicy chicken sandwich and it was excellent as well . all of the sides ( except the french fries ) are house made and we tried both the onion rings and potato salad and they were incredible . unfortunately , we did not have room ( each took part of our meal to go ) to try the hot dogs . they are imported from buffalo and grilled over wood . we will definitely be back to give that a try ! this place is definitely a winner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was really good . and the atmosphere was casual and noisy so perfect to bring my 2 year old . we got the philly cheese steak and split it , it was the perfect amount . the only thing that was annoying was we waited 45 minutes for our food and people who got there after us had there 's already . then when the lady finally brought us our food she did n't say anything like sorry for your wait . i did n't really care but just thought it was kinda rude .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very poor service the time to cook products was not acceptable . the person did not communicate with the person 's making the food . i was 16 , # 24 received food prior to me . management miss placed order.. food was not good ! old oil in the deep fryer and the philly sandwich was not thin sliced . the only thing in common was bell peppers . poorly run , poorly cooked . avoid this place , .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing bad about this place ! ! ! ! great food , best onion rings i 've had in a long time . amazing and friendly service . prices great for the amount of food you get !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i decided to try this place out as it 's fairly new in the neighborhood . the service was very friendly , they 've definitely got that down . the fries are fantastic , definitely got that down as well . the wings however , are a bit dry . there 's just no other way to put it , they were kind of tough and dry but not horrible , the recipe just needs some tweaking . when i went to get iced tea something was up with it and it came out as this nasty syrup . there was also a horrible smell towards the back of the restaurant ( maybe some one had one too many hot wings ? ) . i would love to go back and try their sandwiches but for a full sandwich we 're talking $ 9 - $ 10 bucks and this is just not the kind of place i would pay that kind of money for a sandwich . the place definitely has some potential but needs some ironing out and tweaking as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food . hot dogs are killer . wings are the bomb ... if they were pok\u00e9mon i would of caught them all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "third visit in a month . tried something different each time . i agree with the poster below that the wings need some work . a bit dry but edible . the hot dog special was fantastic . char grilled , piled high with condiments . their chips were good too , but could have been just a bit crisper . wife had the chicken parmesan sandwich , and it was huge . she made two meals out of it . she really enjoyed it and said she ca n't wait to try their other items . overall - a very good experience . just needs a few tweaks with a couple recipes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fiance is from buffalo so he took me here for my first beef on weck . i 'll telling you i 'm picky and my first bite i closed my eyes and was hooked . deliciousness , i did n't even put the sandwich down , it was that good . i tried my fiances sahlens hot dog and the charbroiled flavor is amazing . i will be a regular customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner was really friendly and fun to talk to . the staff was also friendly . the food was pretty good and there is a 10 % student discount here ! not a 5 star just cause i was n't blown away with the food i got .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would we come back again ? probably not ... . food was so so . i had wings , which were small and dry , like way over cooked . the hot dog was good , but nothing special . the fries were good and plentiful . my husband had the philly steak , he said was just okay . the food is not bad , but we found nothing to rave about . the day we went it was scorching hot outside , the air conditioning in the restaurant was having a difficult time keeping up , especially towards the kitchen area . we went to the back of the restaurant where it was much cooler . the restaurant appeared clean , and you ordered from the counter and they bring your food to you , that all worked out fine . it was the lack luster food that was our disappointment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place - great dogs and casual atmosphere . great place to watch all the games . ( 5 tv 's ) . the food is really good and the owner takes care of you . i like that - this is my go to place for football season !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going here since they opened , they have an awesome burger that is fresh and not frozen which means i can get it cooked my way . french fries are just as good . slowly going down menu and so far i love everything . staff is the best ! ! ! defiantly eat the home maid potato chips", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . it definitely reminded me of being back in buffalo , eating a sahlen 's hot dog . the owner was there and is a very nice guy . we talked about buffalo for a few minutes and it was a nice stroll down memory lane . i will definitely be back again ! even if you 're not from western new york you should definitely check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . the beef on wek and homemade chips were the bomb ! wife had the onion rings and they were crispy and delicious . a friend had one of the hot dogs , after eating his beef on wek , and said it was great . the restaurant was clean and good service . we will definitely will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . however , the seating choices are limited . very tall cocktail tables or very tight picnic tables . what ever happened to regular table and chairs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely phenomenal ! i had the two hot dog special with the freshly made potato chips and it was so good i had to go back a day later for more ! ! ! the owner recommended the royal which i have yet to try ! 5 stars from me , keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two people have brought me food from here . so awesome ! i ca n't wait to get a babysitter and actually go in ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food here is okay . i ordered a hot dog and it was a little too charcoal-y to me", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is not lying with its name ... being from the buffalo area myself it was actually quite amazing seeing that this place even existed ... and after trying their chicken finger subs , my girlfriend and i were instantly sold ... if you want legitimate and delicious true new york food , then i deeply recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been to buffalo , ny but this is a little taste of home for those who might be craving a bite like from the ole hometown . everything was top notch from the crispy on the outside soft on the inside bun to the delectable onion rings to the homemade horseradish which blows the creamy bottled kind away . the service was friendly and the table near me had a buffalo native and their pleasure was evident , too . the cooking area has an indoor bbq and they know how to use it . it 's on the far west side of the winco parking lot , so there 's plenty of parking . i ca n't wait to return and try an authentic hot dog or maybe a blt or maybe work through the whole menu , it all looked good ! p.s . it was a hybrid waiter service . you order and pay at the counter but they deliver to the table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "far too pricy for the quality of their food . and the beef on weck is so bad , we could n't finish it , between 2 people . it tastes like they cooked salt with a little bit of dry beef in it.. on top of that the weck contains salt , so that made it even worse . while we ordered our food , the cashier was burning someone elses hotdog on the grill and i 'm pretty sure our order was rang up wrong , but the receipt they give you has no information on what you ordered so i couldnt be sure . i would n't recommend this place at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "beef on weck is great . good value for your money . it is truly authentic buffalo type eating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best wings outside of buffalo - just perfect , not at all greasy ! onion rings , beef on weck , potato salad - all so authentic . yum ! we all enjoyed our supper ( have n't called it that since living in buffalo ) tonight ! we 'll definitely be back next time we 're in phoenix ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for lunch right after open . first time here . place is huge . i ordered the cheese steak . came out hot and crispy . loved it . they have a regular size and a large . fries were golden brown and crispy . wife ordered honey bbq wings . they came out crisp and just enough sauce . a+ on the experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place literally made me ill . i almost filed a complaint with the health dept . i was so sick i could n't get out of my bathroom ... i had the wreek and meatball sandwich both smelt good but after eating part of both , well , not to be too graphic it was n't pretty ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently moved from ca , let me tell you ... . these wings are amazing ! way better than anything in socal . this is my go to spot when i 'm feeling hungry . the owner is extremely nice too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good lunch stop . still a new restaurant working out the bugs . the beef on week keeps me coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yo yo my local az peeps this place is a hidden goody ! ! ! go out and give it a try and judge for yourself . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're from buffalo you 're in for a treat ! yummy ! chips are fabulous ! owners are great people . lunch or dinner , try it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up in western new york and its almost impossible to find good buffalo wings and other western ny food favorites in arizona . this is the spot ! they get the wings right ! so good ! the wing sauce is just like back home . will visit again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey not too bad . good size place with very personal service . got a charred dog and side of meatballs . simple lunch but did like it : ) nice mom n pop type quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! the best onion rings , philly cheese steak and chicken tenders . i 'm hooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried their special , 2 regular dogs and a drink for $ 5 . added fries for another $ 2 . fries were great and huge portion . dogs were char grilled and very tasty with a neutral taste , not to spicy nor bland . bun was warm , could benefit from a steamer instead of to short time in radiant oven . had a generous helping of mustard and relish which may have sucked the heat out of the dogs as they were warm but certainly not what i would call hot.. they have many items on their menu and looking forward to trying some of them . would have rated them 5 stars had the dogs been warmer . overall a good value for the money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped into this hidden gem tonight . we had the wings , an all beef hot dog , onion rings , and a meatball sub . the food was excellent . the place was clean as a whistle . the owner came out and talked with us after we ate , and was amazing , super nice , really cares about his place and the customers . we 'll def be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for everything buffalo ! ! ! heard they now serve beer as well ! ! ! fast friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is awesome i 'm already a repeat offender . love the philly steak it 's just full of flavor and they are super kid friendly love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambience is rustic w buffalo bills memorabilia . service is quite helpful & courteous . wings had a crispy exterior & moist interior . the outer sauce was n't overbearing & the flavor was robust . this mist on the outside patio has a nice touch on those hot days and especially if you bathe your wings w the hot sauce before consumption .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've eaten here a few times in the last month . my husband and family went there for dinner . we then returned when my husband wanted to go back for his birthday dinner ! i had the blt , best blt i have ever had . the bacon is crispy and thick ! my husband got the beef on weck . he absolutely loved it ! it 's so different the the food you can find around here . my brother in law is from buffalo ny , he went with us both times . he says it 's truly authentic . he loved the beef on weck and the buffalo hot dogs ! ca n't wait to go back to this diamond in the rough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking forward to the food , drove all the way out to this place , but hours had been arbitrarily changed to `` summer hours '' ( not mentioned in yelp ) and the place was closed . bummer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hot dog and steak sandwich was great buy fries and onion rings were not even warn ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when we walked in to the smells of the grill we new it was going to be deliciois . the all beef hot dog is expertly grilled . we got a cheese steak , potatoe salad and all beef jot dogs . the cheese steak was full of flavor with a good balance of peppers , onions , cheese to meat ratio . the beef hot dog had a great char and the sauerkraut had a great balance of pepper and vinegar . the potatoe salad was delicious . we were happy to find out it was more mustard based rather than mayo", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw this place on my feed `` hot and new '' so why not give this place a try . good reviews for the start , walked in and noticed it was very clean . got greeted like i was a legend a loud `` hi how are you today '' and everything he said was ending with a sir . i got the hot dog because he recommended it and a half philly cheese steak , 6 honey bbq wings and a drink about 17 $ . which is responsible and i did n't care i wanted to try everything . food was brought out for us and everything was amazing . the philly was cheesy and the sauce was dripping out . the wings were crispy and just amazing . and the hot dog was incredible . i can say this place got my attention and i 'll be back trying out everything else on the menu . it 's clean , fast , hot , and just amazingly good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time . of four items we ordered , we rated them according to preference . # 1 . french fries # 2 . wings with honey bbq sauce . # 3 . beef dog # 4 . onion rings . very clean . seemed friendly . we 're first in line after opening , so they were busy setting up ted hot dogs in tempe are our favorite and we had hoped they would measure up . not quite . onion rings very greasy . nuclear green sweet relish . fries were the best ever.no stubs . not too salty . huge servings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "man this place in bad for my health i over eat everytime i tried the beef sandwich it 's all about that bread so good the onion rings made fresh too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too bad , i had the philly steak . meat had good flavor , too many peppers for my taste . i asked for pepper jack and got provolone . hubby had beef on weck , it did n't have cheese which he said would have been better . but said it was decent . onion rings ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i have been trying to find a great place for philly steak sandwiches . we all agree that a taste of buffalo is now our `` go to '' place . the onion rings were delicious ! friendly staff and a clean place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the hot wings and beef on weck . the wings were as crispy as buffalo wings should be and the au jus sauce was fantastic . the customer service was great and the owner was very friendly . great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the cheeseburger and fries along with a footlong chili cheese dog with fresh cut and hand dipped onion rings that were amazing . we also tried 1 2 dozen wings they were excellent as well this is is our third time and wo n't be our last", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a proud new yorker ... and this place brings back so many memories of quality food and great people . eating a sahlen 's dog , incredible potato salad , homemade potato chips and watching hockey was awesome . ca n't wait until i can sit back and watch the bill 's games and enjoy a dog and a few beers ( owner said liquor licence is coming soon ) highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have seen the sign for few months but we but never found the time to go in . we went in today and ordered a lot of food for all five of us . it was great from the wings to the hot dogs . cooked fast and super hot . great place for lunch or dinner . nice and clean very friendly staff . we will return for sure . great addition to that corner and the winco shopping plaza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a buffalo native , i am always looking for something to remind me of home . one thing i 've found hard to find out here is good wings and good beef on weck . this place has got them both . their wings had an awesome crisp and the flavor was spot on . the beef on weck was just like home . it 's a family owned business and they are buffalo natives . i highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good buffalo food ! they even have sahlens hot dogs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must confess before today 's experience , i have always trusted my toyota maintenance to the dealer .. my first impression with the manager and garrett were of honesty and seemed to be very trustworthy .. my car was completely serviced by sean who is a veteran employee here and actually helped open this particular location .. after showing them a very high estimate proposal provided me as a courtesy check-up from another service center , garrett actually printed the entire maintenance schedule from my model year to prove to me that i was not due for most of the items listed on prior estimate received from a competitor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dont take your car here ! ! ! i pulled up a few weeks ago to get an estimate on some new tires , and as i got out of my car and heard rap music blasting from the shop . every other word was swear word or the `` n '' word . not a good first impression of a shop or company i want to do business with . very unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would only suggest going here if you are ok with getting completely ripped off . i was quoted over $ 1100 for a job that after doing some research and a few phones calls was quoted $ 540 out the door . why the big difference ? the general manager at the store padded the cost of the part by 120 % ! ! the service guys there are friendly but the gm that gave me the quote obviously seen an opportunity to take advantage of someone in need and he did it . however , i am not stupid and know how the business works . so you lost my business , which is a shame because i drive an older vehicle and i am constantly going in for maintenance ! so save yourself the time and money and go somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been meaning to put this review up for a while to thank big o tires and rob for a job well done . my experiences here have been more like hillary 's and not tanya 's . rob is the man ! a complete professional , very friendly and personable and makes you feel like your car is in good hands ( which it is ! ) . rob will make sure you are completely taken care of and make your car `` right as rain '' . my girlfriend and i brought in our cars before a cross country road trip to get a good amount of work done . big o was quick and we have no complaints about the quality of their work . i since have moved away from arizona , but if and when i return in a couple years , i 'll be sure to return to this big o for my car maintenance needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . never ever again . they told me i needed 4 new tires , power steering flush , and rear brakes replaced . i had a free oil change so i had a feeling they would tell me i needed to get work done , but this much ? i got a second opinion and my car is in tip top shape ! for example , my tires will last me another 15k miles ! they probably just wanted to sell them cheaper . was told they could sell them for at least 30 bucks a tire and wanted to charge me $ 650+ for new ones . no thanks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever at a big o tires shop . i had an appointment for 2:00 pm and they did n't even get my car on the lifts until almost 3 . after the car was finally lifted it took the technician 30 minutes just to drain the oil and add new oil to the vehicle . my tires were n't even rotated even though the paperwork claims they were . after my car was finally done it took them another 15-20 minutes to tell me my car was done ! ! i will never return to this location again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got my oil change done . i had a coupon that expired on the new year and they took it without a problem . i really appreciate that since times are tough in our family . greg is am awesome guy . after my oil change was done , i forgot to mention that my hubcap was a tad off the tire and greg was nice enough to get it back up and adjust it for me . great people and customer service~ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor experience all around . not pleased with the customer service . on two occasions they tried selling my wife services that were not necessary . the wait is always extremely long . we ended up having them do a transmission fluid flush which they recommended , then we ( finally ) started seeing a real mechanic who said the job was done half- and it needed to be redone . not a cheap job . big o also recommended new rear brakes.. which our new mechanic said were not at all needed yet ! we now go to discount tire for tires and a great mechanic in deer valley called action auto who we highly recommend . do not spend your money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i keep returning to this location because it 's right next to my house but never again . no matter what the situation is they always try to sell you something . i get it they are trying to make money but it 's pathetic how much they try to up sell you . i had a 2 month old tire that had a bubble on the side of it , they called it `` the impact bubble '' therefore it 's not covered under warranty . there was no impact ! ! ! they sold me the new tire for $ 60 ( cheap ) but with installation and bunch of other fees it ended up being $ 108 ! ! ! ! jesus christ where did the other $ 48 come from ! ? ! ? their customer service sucks ! ! ! ! i 'm never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i should have checked the reviews that were posted before i sent my innocent 18yr old there to get a simple oil change with the coupon we received in the mail . bob who is one of the floor managers laid the `` your manufacturers warranty will be void , '' if you get the 29.00 special oil change , so he talked my son into the $ 79 oil change with his false tactics . avoid this locations scams ! when i called bob , all he did was argue with me ! he said your son should have called you ! seriously !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an awesome experience with this shop . they fixed a slightly bent wheel in a few hours . also super fast in and out with an oil change . thanks for the awesome service ! see you at 30k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place i would take my car for work , i love that i can drop off my car in the morning for an oil change , and they drop me off at work , then they come pick me up by my lunch break ! thanks , you guys are awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great location . yes it is a bigger name tire place here in the valley , but the manager , mike sports , and his staff are what sets them aside from everyone else in the phx metro valley . mike is a very professional manager , and very friendly . his techs are very professional as well . i had 4 tires put on my truck there , and was happy with the service i received . all of the staff makes sure you are taken care of ( need a ride , water , etc . ) they also are great at keeping you updated as to the progress of your vehicle . i grew up in `` small town america , '' and this felt like going to my local tire shop back where i grew up . i highly recommend going to see mike and his crew for tires , or other maintenance needs . you will not be disappointed in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had taken my car to this garage and few weeks later the low traction light and low air pressure light kept coming on and would not reset . i took my car back and they could not locate the issue ... they suggested i take my car to the dealer . the feedback from the dealer was that after rotating my tires , the tech at big o tires did not torque the lug nuts enough and one of my wheels could have fallen off my car ! ! also , the tech at the dealer did not believe the tires were re-aligned after they were rotated . and the fluids big o tires supposedly `` topped off '' were so low the tech at the dealer did not believe they were topped off ! ! beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing but great service from start to finish . the crew at the happy valley store never fail to go above and beyond .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found a wheel weight in my garage , so i took it into big o and they balanced all of my tires for free . i did n't expect that . always top notch and courteous service ... it 's the only place i go . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome customer service ! ! they fixed my tire for free and i did n't even buy it there ! and they did n't try talking me into buying anything ! ! ! # trustworthy adding to this ! 4 2017 went to this location on tuesday this week ! ! andy and garret are the bestest ever ! awesome customer service , friendly and very helpful ! love that i can trust what they are recommending", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would like advise to the world that this big o tires had the best customer service . the manager garrett collier and dan pemberton provide excellent customer service and their word is bond . they have swapped out my wheels on numerous occasions , read my codes on my cars while diagnosing them successfully , as well as provided me with thorough oil changes . i will forever be a lifetime customer due to these two men though , their customer service and guarantees are second to none . i appreciate everything you guys have done . dan you really are the man . garrett you as well ! -brandon j. usaa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and they did not try and sell me more than what i needed . the oil change took a little more than expected but nothing major . just make sure you make an appointment . will definitely recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! a few months ago i got to meet mike the mgr who also assisted me very generously when i needed a alignment and tire for my mazda5 . i love the fact they offered me a ride to my job while they worked my mazda . today i went back with my new nissan quest ... .not sure if i was just lucky to have the manager help me the first time , this time barry helped me as i asked for a evaluation on my new vehicle ... ..honest evaluation , professional help , excellent staff ! i 've met with bob and desiree by phone ... .so helpful and kind too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would like to thank all the employees for being so helpful and informative during the whole service process with my vehicle . i was treated with excellent customer service from start to finish . i did n't feel like i was being rushed or ignored whenever i had questions regarding the service work that would be done that day on my vehicle.the employee also offered if i would like to view the work that was done and he explained the best of his ability in order for me to comprehend . one last part i wanted to mention was that i did n't feel like i was getting taken advantage of . these employees are knowledgeable , trustworthy , and most importantly honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yet another great experience . battery died on my infiniti qx56 only one year after purchase . got a jump from aaa and went directly to big o . no hassle whatsoever . it 's was early afternoon and they had a full schedule but i needed the car the next day . they went out of their way to accommodate me , all under warranty . even got shuttled to and from my home . the whole crew are exceptional , highly recommend ! ! ! thanks again guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service , honesty and expertise in town ! ! ! ! garrett is always accommodating and takes such great care in serving our entire family with their vehicle needs . thank you garrett and the entire staff at happy valley for all you do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone at this place was a huge help . a friend and i were in need of it when our trailer tire got a hole in it while we were driving . they were already locked up and closed yet they were happy to change our tire on our boat trailer right then . we were taking our trailer around to their garage and then the axle on the trailer snapped . they helped us move it into one of their parking spots ( more like 1 and 1 2 ) and they let us keep it there until we could get it fixed . it was there 9 days and whenever we came out to work on it , they would always give us a hand if needed and helpful advice . once we got the trailer back in order we shopped around for tires since we just spent some unexpected money on the axle . they had the best price around . i do n't think many other tire places would have done the same for us as they did . thanks big o tires on happy valley rd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great experience at big o tires 9-12-2015 thank you for going the extra mile garrett will always be coming back here and would recommend this place to everyone who asks me thanks again garrett", "score": "5"}
{"review": "told tire rotation would be one hour to 1 1 4 hours , already two hours and done yet . very slow service , think twice before i buy anymore tires there , after they were done , driving home and fine out the air in the tires were wrong , door says 80 pounds all the way around , the tech put 68 lbs in back & 77 in front , totally messing up how the truck drives , had to go to discount tires to get correct air put in ! should get no stars !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service from everyone in there . dan pemberton and javier were awesome , i am sure the other guys that are not mentioned are great as well . everyone in there worked very diligently . lexus is 250", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to big o tires this morning to fix a slow leaking tire , i ran over a nail somewhere . they were very nice and i was in and out of there within a half hour . i definitely will be back when i need a new set of tires .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a tire there in september for my trailer . used the trailer twice and had a huge blow out on it . when i called i got no help at all . just a `` we dont warranty trailer tires , but i can help you find a new one '' this tire is 2 months old . he also told me we declined the 3 year warranty on it and he ca n't help me . did n't even want to see the picture of the tire and automatically assumed that there was a nail in it . thanks for the help jerks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they removed a nail and plugged a hole in one of our tires at no charge , and they were awesome ! we will definitely go back there for service work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had several vehicles serviced here . tires were more affordable than costco and a one off tire repair was completed in an appreciable time frame . no complaints from me at this point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not writing this 5 star review because of the fact they fixed my run flat tire free of charge but because of what i witnessed during my short wait . everyone that walked in was treated in a courteous and professional manner . i 'm not sure how competitive their tire pricing may be but i certainly will give them the opportunity to provide new tires for my vehicle in the near future . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came on for an oil change and tire rotation , snapped two wheel studs . did not take the time to align the seal on the oil plug , have two oil spots in my garage . fixed the two , and snapped another on the return trip . going somewhere else ... there excuse is jeeps and subaru 's break wheel studs all the time . its the fact they are taking short cuts using impact wrench 's set to high and not caring about your car on the lift .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's always nerve wrecking when you have to get work done on your car but brian and the team were very understanding and helpful . they addressed my concerns and let me know the state of my car without trying to up sell to me . thank you for providing excellent customer service and for the quality work you did ! i highly recommend this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . technicians taught me how to clean my k & n air filter instead of selling me another .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is god bless the men in this store . they turned a horrible day into a blessing . i got a nail in my tire on my way home from work and they were able to fit me in last minute to fix it . they were the epitome of well mannered- world class service , all around nice , friendly people . i 'll be forever in their debt for helping me that day and i highly recommend this location for your tire issues ! thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a really great experience at this location this week . their prices beat out the competition , the service was good , and they were very nice . i also was able to get the alignment taken care of at the same time as getting new tires which the competition ca n't do . i will come back again . we have 3 drivers in our house and all 3 of us go to this location and we are pretty happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service ! dan was the person i worked with and he was helpful and knowledgeable . i went in with a completely flat tire and out an hour later spending much less than i anticipated !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . answered all my questions quickly and sent me away with free lug nuts . will definitely go back for any other tire or wheel needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a gem . absolutely everything i 've tasted here was delicious , from the iced jasmine tea to the main entrees . i 'm glad to have another vegetarian vegan restaurant option of this caliber in town . we started off the meal with the fresh summer rolls , followed by the lotus salad , an order of stir fried noodles and the kung pao soy chicken . the rolls were large and quite filling on their own . next , we split an order of lotus salad ; with fresh squeezed lime on top it was divine . crisp , crunchy and cool ... perfect for a summer lunch . the stir fried noodles were very good too , but the real standout was the kung pao soy chicken ... i could n't stop eating it ! we finished everything and i was very satisfied . the interior is immaculate and service is very friendly . i will definitely be adding this restaurant to my rotation of favorites ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here on a whim last night , not knowing that it was a vegan vegetarian restaurant . that being said , i was very impressed ! the food was very fresh and tasty . i was a little apprehensive about eating the meat substitutes but came away happy . i had the cucumber rolls and the lemongrass soy beef delight . i was very pleased with both . the cucumber rolls were handmade right in front of my eyes , and they were beautiful , crunchy , and fresh . the peanut sauce that they come with was also very tasty . the lsbd was also very good , i really liked the taste and texture of the `` beef '' ; it even had the proper looks of shaved beef . the noodles that they are served with were light , perfectly cooked and a great compliment to the rest of the dish . i 'll for sure be visiting again sometime soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "keep in mind we drove here from gilbert . when we arrived around 2:15 there was a piece of notebook paper on the door that said they were closed for lunch . i asked the man working when they 'd be open and why they randomly closed because it did n't state it on their website . he told me that the workers were tired and they needed a break . he was not apologetic , sincere or friendly at all . it would 've been one thing if he gave more of an explanation , but apparently we were just another dollar to him . we drove 45 minutes to get told they were closed for an unmarked lunch break and to be treated poorly . the food looks good on the website but there is equally as good food with much better customer service . will never attempt to eat here again , there are plenty of other phenomenal restaurants that carry all vegan food along with impeccable service : the loving hut the green 24 carrots pomegranate cafe", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is okay here , the kung pao and spring rolls are my favorite . we have always ordered to go from here and have been pretty happy with it for the most part . i was telling my sister she needed to come try it with us so we decided to dine in last night ! worst mistake ! service is horrible . i think it may have just been the owner who was taking orders , but he was slow , and very unfriendly . i felt unwelcome the moment we sat down . they also need to hire more cooks because the food took forever to come out . my boyfriend actually got up twice to refill his own drink because our `` waiter '' never came back to ask if we needed more . also paying was about a 15 minute process as well . it was definitely a let down . i might have returned here for the take out , but since the atmosphere was so unfriendly i think i 'll just stay away from now on . i 'll stick with green and loving hut for dining out veg .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "from a non-vegetarian . very good , had some nice curry , i 'd come back . was reluctant but they won me over !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and myself can never say enough good about this restaurant . it is the only vegan place we choose to dine in and is always consistent in its excellence . run by the owners who are there to speak with you . we always love going there and are never disappointed . sara & michael h", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hot pot ! last time i went to fresh mint , i ordered the hot pot , my new favorite . i tried a few other things on the menu since my first visit , all were delicious , but nothing was as good as the hot pot . we started with the pho , which apparently is pronounced `` phu'uh '' , making my first review even funnier . i had no clue . i progessed on to the hot pot ( i may have already mentioned its deliciousness ) and even got as far as dessert . the cake was magnificent . from what i heard , the mango tapioca was less fantastic . an allergy to mango kept me from trying that one . i have and will continue to go back to fresh mint . this is the best fake meat in phoenix and one of the best restaurants all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always enjoy fresh mint . it is by far one of my favorite restaurants . as a vegan vegetarian , it is hard to find healthy , flavorful food . fresh mint , never disappoints ! p.s . try the yummy lemonade !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vegan food exists in scottsdale arizona although you may have to search for it between the pf chang 's and cheesecake factories , it 's still there . mint leaf has excellent food options and great service and the owner dishes out an occasional trivia question while you 're waiting for your food . i had the tofu rolls , soooo yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all dishes are absolutely delicious . most memorably , try the coconut tapioca dessert . fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never leave reviews but i always check yelp for reccomendations on good eats . i had to leave a review for this place because the food is outstanding ! the owner and his wife and daughter were all working and were all extremely friendly ( they 're form hawaii ) and the food was very flavorful and perfectly cooked and presented . i have been veggie for 7 years now and have n't found a place i love this much since i lived in nyc . oh and they 're mango pudding for dessert was to die for . 5 stars awesome place ! i would go every day if it was more convenient to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very healthy meals . the meal was cooked so well making me clean the plate easily . thai iced tea is really good ! we got summer sorting rolls for appetizer and it was so fresh and mouthful . gorgeous setup as well . i had # 17 and my partner had the pad thai . it was delicious and the vegetables were completely fresh ! highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another example of how awesome the phoenix area is at doing vegan and gluten-free food . nearly everything on the menu is vegan , and they have a separate gluten-free menu . i was thrilled that they offer a small size of their soups , including the pho , which meant i could also order an appetizer ( as typically the full size bowls of pho are too much to get appetizers ) . i got their veggie kabobs which were wonderfully flavorful with the seasonings on them , and the aforementioned small five spice vegetable soup ( pho ) , which was a tad on the bland side until i used a little of the hot sauce which made all the difference . it could have used some basil , which the menu said it came with , but mine came with parsley instead . not quite the same . will definitely have to come back and try some other items on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a small out of the way eatery , the food was so fresh and tasty . i am not a vegan but love to eat clean as often as possible . this is my kind of place . the flavors were unique and the food was freshly made and nice and hot . i will definitely return to try more of the menus . loved the fried rice , thai ice tea and green papaya salad ! oh forgot the wonderful thai sweet and sour soup - yum ! highly recommend it for take out also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the autumn spring rolls & the five spice pho . i loved it ! i was so full i felt like my stomach would burst and i still wanted more it was so good . i 've had `` vegetarian '' pho at another restaurant that the broth was bland and it was so overloaded with veggies it was distracting . they kept it simple with a sweet yet savory broth , veg meat ( which was actually really good to my surprise ) , and even a vegan fish sauce . the owner ( husband ) was so nice and even told me how to assemble my soup ( which i already knew since i 've had traditional pho many many times ) . the best thing is that everything on the menu is vegan ( except for # 31 , which has egg noodles ) . i 'm excited to go back and try some of the chef specials , they sound fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sweet and sour soup is unbelievably great ! i would go back to scottsdale just to eat at this restaurant again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding food , fresh and delicious . phoenix is desperate for more restaurants such as this . my only complaint was with the somewhat confused service on a quiet evening , but i 'm betting they were just having an off-night . well-worth the drive from any part of the valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is it ! fresh , healthy and delicious . it 's where those scottsdale skinny girls who never eat when they 're with you , run off to and eat their fill without worrying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and tasty ! they create the dishes when you order them and the flavor was not bland or weak ! i think it is really nice because this restaurant inspires you to cook similar dishes at home when you run out of things to make . they also had purple cauliflower in the rainbow dish which was pretty cool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever i 'm in the area i make sure i stop by for a meal . their vegan options are so delicious ! i saver every bite ! also i love that it 's family owned . i get to see the same smiling faces every time i 'm there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic asian inspired vegan food . there 's nothing else like it in the area . fresh and delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't walk , run . run far away . it took him almost 3 months to fix a pump leak . hardly ever shows up on time . i also just found out that a pool he was supposed to be cleaning for me in another city through february ( it 's vacant and on the market for sale ) is sludge green . i only found out because a realtor who stopped by to show the property called to make me aware . i wish i would have checked his reviews before i hired him .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just had titan pool and spa refinish my pool . cost about 4,500 . switch seemed ok . the major job got done but the after work was not done and even lied about doing it . they switched the light bulb in the pool but did not even check to see if it worked . ( how hard to flip a swich ? ) they got plaster on the deck and i was told it was going to be power washed but lied about when and that it was . ( took my hose and brush ? ) . they also was told that the pool was being brushed dayly , i was home for a week and saw him once and that was to get the final check . i will not use them again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no , mister jumbo perhaps we ate a kitty ? taste like chicken -not . steady decline here . two years ago i got a respectable meal here . last year i saw a marked decline . i thought i 'd give it another shot last night . big mistake . cold eggrolls of stone . chow mein noodles were stale and tasted of rancid oil . 3 shrimp in the shrimp chow mein . crap fried rice . probably with actual left-over craps . and rachel , they really do need to learn the secret of general tso 's chicken . carry on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food has gone down hill with no stoping . the food is so bad my dog refuses to eat it . and what 's up with the cat in the window ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found no problems with the quality of the food here . the price was extremely fair considering the large amount of food you get . the egg roll ( included with every platter ) is one of the best egg rolls i 've had , i will definitely go back here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm writing this review after not going to this place for a while . but i thought about this place today because i just had a third mechanic today tell me that the catalytic converter was a total hack job . it was an after market converter and not put on well at all . and it was n't really cheap where it makes sense that it was a horrible job . i 'd pass on this place , i moved on a while ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so my wife has been coming here\u200b for the past few years . she loves this place . fair prices\u200b , they know their way around vehicles , and friendly . i like them because they are honest and a local business ! i just found my new regular spot ! def give it a try , wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about rob and the team at smart automotive . when you find a mechanic you can trust , you hold on tight , and in rob , i have that . i have several friends who take their cars to smart and every once in a while we will honestly go on and on about how much we love taking our cars there . it makes it a lot easier to pay for repairs when you know you 're not getting ripped off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this auto shop . the owners are friendly and honest . they have become like family . i definitely recommend this place . got a second opinion from here . i 'm so glad i came here instead .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been going to smart automotive since they opened and they have fixed every mechanical problem we have ever encountered . rob , the owner of smart automotive , is a very knowledgeable and a very fair mechanic . i would most definitely recommend smart automotive as they are folks you can trust , and trusting your mechanic is mighty important ! greg jones", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i have been bringing our vehicles to smart auto for many years and we 've found rob and his organization to be absolutely 100 % trustworthy . there repair work is phenomenal and always maintain excellent communication about the work they do and recommendations they have . i 'd trust this business over any other repair shop or dealership in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rancho security is the company that services rancho bel air . i was hired to conduct an estate sale in this community , and the hoa had concerns of strangers coming in and out . we had to pay for an extra security officer to assist the community to protect the neighbors privacy . rick , the owner of rancho security , was on premise to make sure there were no issues . he was very nice , very professional and very much hands on to make sure the community was safe , and that i was doing okay as well . his security officers are very professional and very nice . i would highly recommend them based on this very positive experience ! susan russell , owner , premiere auctions and estate sales", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he pulled up next to us and said we had to leave we were had a ring with others which was not true our friend had a flat he said then we would have to leave him and then pointed to the other group of hispanic females and males and said we could n't gather i said we were not with them and our friend had gotten a flat and a mobile flat station was right around the corner and he was going to fix it he said i do not care you must leave", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the third thai restaurant we 've tried since moving to the annex in august and it is definitely our favorite . we ordered the veggie pad thai , spring rolls , and pineapple fried rice . everything arrived piping hot and veggies were crisp , the sauce for the pad thai delicious , the pineapple fried rice had a wonderful gingery flavor . two entrees and the spring rolls filled four bellies ( two adults , a teen and a child ) and there are leftovers . all for $ 33 . i ca n't wait to try more of their entrees and the delivery included some great coupons . i 'm especially interested in the family meals which seem like a great value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in the area and used to get takeout at the previous restaurant so decided to try this new place with new owners . got the standard dinner for two takeout with green curry . definitely a step up from the old restaurant . portions were large , pad thai very good and green curry excellent too . the interior has been nicely redone and they have draft beer so we will be back for a sit down meal . great to see and support good restaurants in our neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great value for the money ! i 've been here for lunch 3 days in a row and each dish was tasty . friendly servers too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure about eating in but their delivery was pretty awful . the salmon tamarind dish looked like a frozen piece of salmon ( no real tamarind sauce in sight ) slapped onto a bed of soggy vegetables . the bigger issue is these did not seem genuine thai flavours . they appear to be imitations of thai food and pretty bad imitations at that . sad , we wanted a good new thai place in our neighbourhood . this is not it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "compared to the last restaurant at this location ( thai as well ) , the interior has been redone and looks much much better , and they now have beer on tab . i 'm sure not same owners as before . there are seating areas ( bar , bar-high tables , and regular tables ) . the restaurant is alright for few people but not a large group . they have large tv 's so its a good spot to have drinks and watch a game . i ate once in there and sometimes order to go . the food is ok , not really authentic - thai imitation at best . eating there is better ( when not busy ) , the food looks way better than when ordered to go . i dislike the fact their chef leaves the shrimp tail shell on , when using shrimp in soups which means soup now requires you get your handy dirty to remove the chewy and unpleasant shell !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was n't really planning on a pedi today but i was in the area and saw a sign showing they do pedis fo $ 18 mon-wed and i could n't pass up such a great deal . the salon was empty when i walked in and the decor is pretty outdated ( fake plants and all ) but the friendly gal told me to pick a color and take a seat , so i did . the color selection was a bit limited but i found a pretty purple color with sparkles and sat in the comfy massage chair . the gal that did my pedicure was absolutely fantastic ! ! ! she spent plenty of time pampering me including an incredible and lengthy massage followed up with hot stones . she was meticulous when applying the color and i am extremely pleased with my experience here . i will certainly return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 30 mani pedi ! i liked this salon because they did not charge me to remove the bit of old gel pedicure that was left on my toes . they also include hot stone rubs in the basic pedi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! get people and they do a wonderfully , beautiful job with your feet and hands ! they include a hot stone massage with your pedicure ! i get compliments on their artwork on my toes and hands each and every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful , i have been going here for several years now ever since the new owners took over . i usually get pedicure manicures . the massage chairs are so relaxing , and the owners greet me as soon as i walk in the doors . i very seldom have to wait to get serviced . my mom and sisters have come in here all together , and they sat us in the chairs right away . the lady that does the pedicures is amazing , and so sweet . she does such a great job on my french pedicures and manicures , and also offers other services as well . the spa pedicure includes hot stone massage , which is great for circulation . i feel completely rejuvenated whenever i leave , and absolutely content . highly recommend dh la nails ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david and rose own the place and it 's like a home . they have the most comfortable spa chairs that feel like you are getting a massage from another person and they take their time . they act like you are the most important customer they have and ask questions and test the polish first to make sure you like it . but the absolute best part was the foot massage and hand massage rose gives . in addition , they use hot stones on the pedicure for no extra charge , i was in heaven . the price was very reasonable and the owners were incredibly nice . this was my first time and they acted like i was a regular , it was great ! i will definitely be coming back as soon as my next mani pedi is due !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in phoenix for business and wanting to relax so i came here because it was close to my hotel . i am a stickler about mani-pedis to the point where i do n't get them anymore but had no choice since my nails looked tragic . it was totally empty and the women that did my nails were amazing ! paid very close attention to detail and could n't be happier . my only complaint would be that their polish colors are n't the best but i found some good opi i liked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised this salon has such great reviews when i had a terrible experience . the employees were pretty friendly but they talked to one another the entire time , so it was had to relax . also my nails are not even at all ! i will not go back here again . they did stay on a long time , however , and did not need refilled for about 3 weeks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place and i am so sad it took me this long to find it . it is right around the corner from my house . i have never ever had a hot stone massage included in my pedicures . i did not know what i was missing . the nail art is amazing and i have very small nail beds and we are going on 4 weeks without a single break and 1 fill . the service is amazing , the results are absolutely supurb , my pedicure has lasted four weeks without fail . get the gel coat ! it is 100 % worth the $ 5.00 ladies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give 6 stars if i could . hy dies amazing pedicures . foot and leg massages the rival and professional massage i 've ever had . this was my first trip here because it was nearby during errand . i 'll go out of my way to come back . great care and no high pressure upselling . is the salon new or fancy ? nope . but the service , talent and skill is above average . i was in heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop is really modest but , they do a good job . the prices are affordable & the ladies are very gentle . i 'll definitely come back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after my last nail salon spot closed down i was looking for a new place & i think this shop will be my new go to spot when i need a mani pedi . reasonable price . the man who did my nails was very friendly and did a great job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have to go with 5 stars because the price is so great . not the best area but the employees are great and the $ 20 pedi ca n't be beat ! hot stone massage included . i also got a $ 10 mani and that was great too . will for sure be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hy , the woman who does my pedicures is very meticulous and good at foot leg massages , callous removal & most importantly applying the nail polish on the toes so that it looks good for a couple of weeks . the manicure is done by another lady ( who is the wife of the man that owns the place ) & does a good job as well . just as other reviews mentioned , this place will not break the bank & you can leave a tip on your credit card . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place ever ! i am in phoenix for only the weekend and we wanted to get our nails done , so yelp is my go to when finding the best place ! found this jem and checked it out ! fell in love with the people and this place . hy is the best of the best , she took her time and really did an amazing job . i recommend this place to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lovvvvvvvvvved having dj bill bara at our wedding ! his energy and general attitude was just awesome . there were people at our wedding on the dance floor who i had never even seen move before ! ! ! bill made everything fun and exciting . even performing simple duties as an mc was just perfect . there was no lull or awkward moment . we worked with him from out of state since we live in california and i never had to worry about trying to coordinate with bill . we met with him the week before the wedding and things just gelled . if you can get him , book him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dj scottro dj 'd for our wedding on 7-25-15 . i do n't have enough good things to say about him and the rest of the staff at modern era weddings . dj scottro could not have been easier to work with and he was genuinely happy to take part in our day . he kept the dance floor packed the whole night and played every song we requested without any trouble . i would highly recommend this company to anyone looking for the best dj for their wedding . honestly could n't have been any better , thank you for being so professional , easy to work with , and most importantly nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great people run by some awesome people . when i get married this is the only company that i will turn to for wedding planning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing work by mike willis & modern era ! mike set a great tone for the evening and kept everyone on the dance floor all night long . a dj can make or break a wedding - make sure to make your wedding memorable by making modern era your dj of choice ! also , the videography & uplighting were excellent upgrades to make apart of your special day . modern era is worth every penny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we walk by here all the time and have never even noticed the place . our mistake . a superb meal , with great service and awesome decor that whifts you away from the douchebaggery that plagues little italy on a friday night . no one likes eating in a science lab . this is one of the only places that talks about `` molecular gastronomy '' that does n't take itself too seriously . it 's unquestionably a place to eat and enjoy . everything we ordered was well presented , perfectly flavored and generously portioned . the veal ravioli was ridiculously good . a unique wine selection balanced out a perfect evening . we 're definitely going to come back . strongly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great ! so so different and wonderful ! i honestly can not write enough good things first , the food is so different and tasty we had the smoked tomato and mozzerela salad with the pliable oil and it was delicious ! great to share and local ontario produce ! does it get much better ? i had the steak and my boyfriend had the lamb meatballs . again , so tasty and different . full of flavour and i love the use of different ontario produce . the desserts were amazing ! i had the movie snacks and the twizzler sauce.. wow ! my boyfriend had the mock apple pie ! this was one of the coolest desserts ever ! ! the waiter was great , so personable and really made the evening wonderful also , considering the unique food and how different it is , the prices are really quite fair . we had the 2 most expensive entrees and alcohol and the bill was around $ 100 for two ! i will definitely be returning ! ! we both loved it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my only disappointment is that i only just found about this restaurant this week . i had the beet salad and the lobster and loved every bite . the wine choices were great , the sevice was friendly and attentive . i thought the room was very comfortable and i would not hesitate to go back first chance i get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very nice and interesting brunch with a limited ( but tasty and inexpensive ) selection of items with very poor service . i had green eggs and ham ( substituted for veggie sausage ) and a rosti for 11 $ or so . rosti was as good as they get and the green scrambled eggs ( with parsley , i think ) were prepared light and fluffy . my dc ordered the apple stuffed french toast ( which was a baguette ) . it was rich and heavy - more of a desert type breakfast than anything else . very small space- maybe 10 tables ... but fortunately does n't look very busy for brunch yet , so may be a good time to check it out . although the server was not busy , she took a very long time to take our orders and did n't check on our food , which is n't great . i think it was because i was wearing my nascar jacket . note : they only start serving at 11:30 on saturdays and sundays . a little late , man .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm so disappointed . i 've been non-chalantly trying to plan a birthday dinner for this saturday ... and now that 's it 's fast approaching , i need to get on it ... stat ! when i came across l.a.b , it sounded great ... especially since my best friend is a vegetarian and we wanted to stay in the little italy through ossington strip area ... but i just called to make a reso and they 've shut down . without having ever experienced you , l.a.b ... .i bid you adieu . ... .now back to my search ! ( i 'm open for any suggestions in the next 2 days if anyone sees this post ! ) : ) thanks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ended up going to l.a.b without planning it but i was pleasantly surprised . the ambiance is lovely and the service is wonderful . the beet salad was good but nothing special . i really like beets so was happy . the lamb meal is good and everyone who ordered it really liked it . it is cooked at a low temperature so it was not very hot when it came out but that is a part of the meal ( still very good ) . my favorite meal of the night was the short ribs . they were delicious and flavorful and everything and the plate was amazing . the very best part was the chocolate budino with salt caramel chocolate mousse . it is delicious and the salty sweetness is wonderful . if you do n't like salted caramel though you may not love it , but it was a hit at our table . the manager was very friendly and attentive as were the servers . i will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the tasting menu -- the food is accessible to anyone , and there were a couple of big hit dishes for me : the steak tartar and the sous-vide lobster . the vegetarian i was there with thought the vegetarian dishes were exceptional , which in retrospect is not surprising since i learned the owner is a vegetarian . strangely , the server did n't know anything about wine , but the pairings were great . oh , they also have some of my favourite ontario beers on tap . i hope to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was bellow par ( in that price range ) , was disappointed with my plate and waiter said `` i know we should take it off the menu '' , why not tell me in advance ? place is tight , they try to fit way too many tables in their limited space . took an hour an a half before we got our main . there 's way better places out there , do n't bother .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "magnifique terrasse situ\u00e9e \u00e0 l'arri\u00e8re , intime . excellent service discret , attentionn\u00e9 , de bons conseils . c'est un restaurant `` apportez votre vin '' ( pr\u00e9voqyez une bonne bouteille ) la cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e au foie gras , garnitures de petits fruits et pain brioch\u00e9 grill\u00e9 est d\u00e9licieuse . j'ai pris un `` burger '' en dessert . c'est en fait un scone ( pain \u00e0 burger ) , galette de ganache au chocolat ( viande ) , fraise ( tomates ) et b\u00e2tonnets de mangue ( frites ) , petites guimauves ( fromage ) , coulis de fruits rouges ( ketchup ) un peu cher ( 60 $ par personne ) , c'est surtout pour une occasion sp\u00e9ciale", "score": "4"}
{"review": "family owned with a friendly staff , they have pretty much all the filipino basics needed to cook any filipino dish as well as tagalog movies and other odds and ends , its a really small space but they have managed to pack it full with a wide variety of product . i go here to avoid the seafood city circus and its close to home in the anthem silverado ranch area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ahh man happy i found this place drive by it everyday for work , saved me a trip from driving across town to seafood city , prices are average and for every 250 you spend you get a free bag of rice ! ! ! clean and fresh products and nice staff and i can literally walk here guess they just found a new regular customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm unhappy ... have n't had puto for a long time . i went this place today to buy some last minute ingredients for lumpia . saw the puto and kutshinta . i also purchased them too . got home n put away the food . when i craved for it a few mins ago , i ate it n it was sour n it had mold ... date says best before may 13 2014 ... tried calling to complain but no answer ... will complain to dept of labor if they do n't fix this quick ! ! ! thanks for messing with my mothers day ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , my rating for rehab has dramatically dropped from the last time i wrote about them . i actually went in july and thought it was n't that great of a night . i should 've stuck with my gut and not went back but i did ... and i wish i did n't go . top 40s are played but it 's not the most recent hits you hear on the radio . it 's mostly old and outdated songs . at one point the music kept going in and out so i guess there was a problem with the sound system connection . the crowd is n't very glamorous and it feels like you 're in brampton more than oakville . it was mostly a sausage fest who were short in height and you will get repeatedly hit on and asked for numbers . say no =p . cover is free for ladies before 11 pm on fridays and if guys bring their student id 's they 'll get a reduced cover of $ 5 . never ever coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went here a couple weeks ago . did n't know what to expect ... but it was amazing . the cover is n't ridiculous like other clubs , its 10 bucks ! good music . there are bars everywhere . the design of the place is awesome . theres an outdoor patio with a few chairs and booths ! theres even a bar outside and it 's visually appealing . the booths are creatively places and designed . definitely going back . favourite club so far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time . loved the friendly staff and the great service . dj did his thing and everyone moving and dancing to the beat `` gangnam style '' even the ones who were not on the dance floor . great atmosphere ; a place to relax , have fun , unwined , and let loose . definitely would recommend to everyone near mississauga and oakville area who are looking for some good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unbelievable , our landlord call this company last because we had water leaking from a c unit in our home . the company called us and told us they would be here in 1hour , an hour and half later we called to find out the would not be there for another 30 min this was at 9:30 pm , when then told them it was getting to late and could they come back today , they said they would be here at 11:00 am so we moved our plans to be here at 11:00 am . at 11:30am i called to find out they were n't going to be here for 2 to 3 hours and it was our falt for not letting them come last night . dan . the owner was rude and keep laughing at me because i was upset at the blatant disregard for our time and our week water leak . ... .. i would of never called these guys and i would n't recommend anyone do the same", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolute joke . `` specialize in duct work '' `` bring down your utility bill '' . these guys specialize in saying they care in the health of your family and well-being of the air in your home , which having young kids , they know how to work you . it has been 5 years and thousands of dollars with promises of lower utility bills and better air quality with no change in any of the above mentioned . these people are crooks . go somewhere else with your air concerns .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incredible experience with jordan today . he came out to my home address and was very professional and thorough in giving my ac unit a complete inspection . he took the time to explain every step in what he was doing , and why he was doing it . he answered any and all questions that i had , and took the time to explain everything again at the end . he is an example of what every business should look for in an employee when it comes to patience , courtesy , professionalism , knowledge of his craft , and caring about the customer 's needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome tech gary . stayed late and did n't give us a bunch of bull or try and sell services we did n't need . i will never call another service . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brenden was great . he came out right away and helped us get a good deal on a new a c. they came the next day to install and everything has been working good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful ac duct cleaning service - very professional and helpful - found an issue with my ducts - very neat and clean . highly recommmend them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother came home from the hospital today after being diagnosed with cancer . she has no immunity and it was vital we got our air ducts all cleaned out in the house . this probably had never been done before , it was a big job . not only did they come out the same day to do this for us , the technician was amazing . he stayed until 8:30 pm on friday to complete the job and cleaned better than i have ever seen someone do after completing a home improvement job . my whole family is truly grateful for the amazing service this company provides . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i manage the tinder box cigar shop in mesa , and have climate pros work on each of our 3 ac units . they are always dispatched to us quickly , our first service call to them they were at my shop within 15 minutes . they have a great referral program , a very small cost monthly maintenance contract which i 've put on all our units which entitle us to no cost trip diagnosis charges , and discounts on services performed . finally i 'd like to single out their technician russ , who has been the guy we 've had out to our place each call . first class all the way ! professional , punctual , honest is this guy all the way ! obviously nobody likes calling these companies and selling out money , but whenever i need help with my business or home , for sure these guys will get my business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say that now enough about this company . been with them for many years . all of the techs are friendly . they provide options to make a difference . do n't try to upsell . a few years ago the could in the attic went out . they replaced them different years as they failed with out trying to sell a whole system . recently the outside unit ( compressor ) failed . it was replaced at a fair price . they worked with my schedule . again , every service rep is great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came down to our vacation home to relax for a couple weeks , come to find out my ac was out i called and within an hour the technian arrived.he found the problem quickly , he repaired our unit and walked me threw the repair the whole time what a great experience ! i will continue to use this company they are very knowledgeable and very affordable thank you ! ! ! thank you for making my vacation just what i came for comfortable and relaxing thanks bartosh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a rip off from a backyard a c `` company '' , it was a pleasure to have the service and professionalism of climate pro . we were given a 3 hour window , not an all day wait around time , the service technician was punctual , polite , and efficient . we received a notification phone call to let us know he was en route , the problem was addressed , corrected , and we had cold air in no time . even though the part we needed was n't directly available , we were still provided with cooling , so that the house was comfortable until the necessary equipment could be installed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jordan was extremely honest and explained everything in depth . very impressed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i arrived in az finding the a c had fizzled out weeks before so called this company . they arrived within an hour and had a new appropriate a c unit installed that day . the troubleshooter told me every detail of the present systems ailment and gave me estimates of fixing compared with replacement cost ! i saw the advantage of the new unit and went forward . their crew had it there and installed cooling my mobile home within the same afternoon and they provide checkups every 6 months to keep it in the finest working order ! i am cool and confident with their help ! thank you climate pro !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an issue with an ac unit at one of my properties . climate pro responded at the request of my property manager . when i got the call from their rep about the nature of the issue i was taken aback by the problem ( s ) . they told me the unit needed a tremendous amount of work that would total in excess of $ 5500 . this aroused my suspicions . the rep then advised me that they could install a brand new unit for $ 7400 , a ridiculously high price as i had a carrier installed on a larger house for $ 5600 , in other words i did not just fall off the turnip truck i called a friend who referred me to another company . it turned out it was a simple fix and $ 246 later the unit is all good . i let my property manager know that this company will never step foot on one of my properties again : buyer beware ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "both gary & mathew have been wonderful & very professional . both were also very pleasant explaining what needed to be done with the air conditioning . even when mathew was working in our attic at 110 plus degrees , he just kept going to complete the work that day . climate pro should be rewarding these two with a bonus ! ! ! ! ! ! great employees ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joseph was awesome . he was there super fast and was very honest about what was wrong . i would use this company again without a second thought . very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here for a little gas and gum before heading back to my side of town . the cashier was n't pleasant nor was the store attractive . happy to head back southwest .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "choose this gas station if you want to spend entirely too long getting their crappy pumps to pump gas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like that this location of green valley grocery has an inexpensive car wash . i swipe my fuel rewards network card when i purchase my carwash and i get a .25\u00a2 discount per gallon of gas . you can also earn gas discounts with a smith 's grocery rewards card . the employees are mostly friendly , as was the young male cashier working this afternoon . shell is a good gas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is very convenient for me and i find that the price is similar to other gas stations in the area . i tend to just pay at the pump so there is nothing really noteworthy to describe about this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . especially the store manager darlene . i always feel like i 'm at home with my 2nd family . it 's very clean and homey . i would n't go anywhere else even though i pass by 6 different green valley groceries . keep up the great work team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped by when it first opened and tried the local brewed watermelon wheat beer on tap which was great . interesting decor , music and board games . i went back and tried it the veggie food which was great . not super busy or noisy place which is to have a conversation over a drink . nice dive bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! bartenders are just as great as the food . service is fantastic , and the velvet paintings really give the ambiance of hanging out in a quirky , welcoming environment . make sure you try the vegan po boy or portobello reuben . good selection of beers on tap . prices extremely reasonable . get here early on friday or saturday . place fills up quickly and can be at capacity . cash only !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled in here looking for mimosas and ended up finding a great selection of vegan foods . its not normal to love oatmeal as much as i do so obviously that 's what i ordered . they were cooked perfectly ; soft and creamy but still with the texture of oats . i was very impressed that it came with a generous portion of real maple syrup . such a treat . my friend ordered the breakfast burrito which is humongous and even though he is as far from vegetarian as you can get , he really enjoyed the tofu scramble filling . the staff were very friendly and attentive as well . the only reason this gets 4 and not 5 is the nasty gross bathrooms . the smell was absolutely disgusting . someone needs to clean those things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eccentric and bizarrely appointing , this is a great dive bar . it is long and narrow with a broad selection of beer . we wound up here because it was open in the early afternoon when most other bars surrounding it were n't . it was nearly empty but i imagine it is a lot more busy at night . the staff was very friendly and the space was fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my local bar of choice . there 's a nice selection of microbrews on tap - not so many that you need to worry about the kegs being old , but enough that you 've got options . bar rail drinks are reasonably priced and there 's lots of thoughtful little touches like electrical outlets near the tables so you can charge your phone . music is awesome - just my kind of 80 90 00s alternative that perfectly suits the atmosphere , and they do n't play it too loud . decor is also perfect.. how many velvet paintings can one bar have ? l & d aims to find out ! i ca n't comment on the food , as i 've only had bar snacks here once or twice - it is definitely a place i 'd consider a bar , not a restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little cheap dive bar with a dimly lit vibe and vegetarian twist . had the jamaican patty ( lentil beans inside ) with a fresh mango slaw for $ 9 . solid choice for what i paid for . beers on draft are all local . the only thing i did n't like was cash only ( totally expected , to be honest ) . there 's an atm at the back though but did n't appreciate the inconvenience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fyi : cash only ! i came here for lunch around noon during the week . i had never heard of this restaurant before , only decided to check it out because of the yelp reviews . firstly , this place is dimly light , and the deco was pretty awesome . loved the old school couches in the back and the random art along the walls . i checked out the menu and loved that everything was veggie inspired , i was super eager to try out a handful of items but clearly that 's a tad too much food for one person so i settled for the reuben sandwhich ( mushrooms , cheese , sauerkraut ) and upgraded my garden salad for a cesar salad $ 2 . everything can be made vegan so i asked for that option to see what it was like . it was good ! i was n't sure what to expect but was happy with my choice and my upgrade . it was the right mix of flavours and textures . i was very happy with my meal and would definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walking into lipstick & dynamite for the first time reminded me of walking into one of those bars i would have thought was so cool and edgy back when i was a 12-year-old watching reality bites . it has fully embraced the tacky-chic aesthetic i remember from those glory days . i mean this in the best possible way . really . the walls are covered in velvet paintings , there is usually a weird movie ( howard the duck , anyone ? ) playing behind the bar , the whisky is served in glasses you would probably see at your grandma 's house . plus , the bar tenders are super welcoming . i hear they have food ( including a delicious vegan brunch ) but i 've never been in before 11pm so i will have to get back to you on that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very inclusive ! ! ! didnt feel ostracised at all . im a quadrisexual and they welcomed me and my bisexual mulatto boyfriend in like we were regulars . there were noisy entitled college students there , but the management removed them almost immediately . 10 10 will go again next time im in toronto", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah , it 's cool . drinks are average , the art on the wall is hilarious and a good conversation piece . i especially liked the elvis zombie bust ... i went on a thursday night , so not sure if it gets packed on the weekends or not , but it was pretty empty when i was there , and the food and drinks were all average prices and decent . the music is cool , very rockabilly . it is pretty small so i imagine people from the hood running into acquaintances a lot there . definitely worth a visit if you 're in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "now , here 's a place that time after time i walk by . an opportunity presented itself and i took my shot ! it 's dark in here so it 's hard to see what you 're eating or drinking . that being said it makes no bones about being a dive bar . it 's fun and quirky with a queen west 'west ' vibe . the only downfall is the bathroom . yowzers ! that needs some help . i tell you if that was good i might have given this ... . maybe a 5 . i wish the space was bigger . i like the concept . i wish there were more retro pinball machines . suits it , for sure . if you do n't mind having to talk a little louder than normal or who knows maybe it was because it was a friday night . it 's a pretty chill place to hang with friends . be warned not a lot of space for large groups think small group of friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "l & d is a little dive bar with a pinball machine in the back and some board games . i came here a few times to play scrabble and drink beer with random folks and always have a good time . the bartenders are super funny and good people with good sense of humour . rotating taps always feature locally-brewed beer which is great . vegan brunch options are also so , so delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so jealous of toronto 's divey queer bar scene . in any case , this place was exactly what my buddy and i needed in the middle of a rainy tuesday . we arrived early in the afternoon and were able to get our drink on ( with a pretty good tap selection for a dive ! ) as well as enjoy some light vegan fare over an overly competitive game of scrabble . the service was positively lovely and the space is kitschy , dark and everything you hope for . throughout the couple of hours we were there nothing but 90s and 2000s girl rock was playing . totally my kinda establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhhh.. lipstick & dynamite . how much i love thee ... let me count the ways . since i moved to the neighborhood over 2 years ago , it has been you that has kept my belly full . when i renovated my kitchen , you fed my every day with delicious vegan noms that gave me energy and made my tastebuds sing . you are number one local happy hour stop after a long day at work . i know i 'll always run into at least a few friends sipping on some hoppy brews at the bar . what can i say ? the staff rock , the music is always on point , the food is out of this world , and they have no . 9 . the kitschy decor makes you feel right at home , and if that 's not enough , pull out one of the board games from their massive collection for a bar-wide game night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the least inclusive bar . my friends and i were visiting and were mistreated by the bartender . we were visitors in town that were told of this amazing bar and were shockingly disappointed by the service and overall defensive attention brought to us . lack of professionalism and common courtesy should shy people that expect a safe and warm environment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok so imagine that is halloween all year around , that 's the deco inside the place ... the service is great ... their caesar mix and the food not so much , we did n't returned the food because the cook is right besides de bar haha we did n't want to make her feel bad but the food was horrible : ( we pretended to be really full and then shoot two shots of jameson because we felt we were going to be sick ... i really wanted to like this place but we are not coming back eveerrrr", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a wonderful wonderful neighborhood bar with a decent all vegan menu . very friendly staff and patrons .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend and i travelled from the east end to go for a bite to eat . our initial thoughts were this was a cute dive bar . the initial server was funny and served drinks right away . she gave up and never came back . she left . then a guy took over bartending . we asked for a menu . 45 minutes later no offer of drinks or food . we actually persisted thinking this was funny but it eventually enraged us . we paid the bill and left . maybe we did n't have enough facial hair for this hipster crowd of 4 or 5 . dear manager , train your staff to acknowledge their customers ( keep off their cell phones , do n't just focus on the 3 regulars who walked up to the bar to order drinks ) . honestly , i would consider going back and giving the food a try if you just said you had a meeting with your staff . we were 3 feet away from the bartender and he did n't even look over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here with a few friends for dinner , and we needed some vegan options . there was lots to choose from ! i had the soup of the day , which was morroccan cauliflower , with a kale caesar salad . it was delicious . my friend had the tempeh salad which was also good . the thing we all most loved about this place was the atmosphere ! steve , one of the owners , was super friendly and laid back . he chats with the patrons and makes everyone feel welcome . there are games and books , so it 's a fun place to hang out for awhile.will definitely go back next time i 'm in town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , lovely service . a little loud for my taste , but we stumbled in not knowing where else to feed four very hungry vegetarians . the portions on everything but the taco salad were pretty small , but it 's bar and meant to go with beer , i imagine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yet another delicious meal at this amazing vegan bar the lentil soup and cornbread are delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm between 3 & 4 stars . the food is surprisingly good , but the service was slow considering we were the only two in the bar . i guess it 's a chill kind of place , but it was unnecessarily slow . there was also a slight funky smell . the decor is green roomesque but nothing particularly original . i 'd still recommend the place if you 're not in a hurry , and it 's really not that bad , just nothing impressive about it either . so , what i 'm trying to say is : `` meh . ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the land of superheroes and horses as well as naked chicks on paintings . had a great date and took her home ... my wife that is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received the worst level of service from air canada in regards to retrieving my luggage . i flew from phoenix sky harbor to canada , then canada to iceland , then iceland to france . ac lost my luggage for 2 days while i was in france . to prevent this from happening when i returned home , i claimed my luggage from customs while in iceland , directed it to ac at the counter , and they proceeded to lose my luggage when i returned home from az . half of my trip i was unable to obtain my belongings . i will not be using this airline in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience with this restaurant and even spoke with the owner . in short my pizza never got delivered to my hotel at the royal palms . owner claimed the pizza delivery guy dropped off the pizza and wings at the front desk of the hotel . went to the front desk and if they received the pizza they said they would have brought it to my room . so the ball was dropped somewhere here . regardless , i 'm disputing the charge so good luck and you lost a customer for life . i called gus pizza next door and spent $ 50.00 with them instead . i highly recommend gus pizza !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . best pizza in arizona . not only is there pizza good but wings and everything else . i will drive 30 miles to just have there pizza", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i love joe 's pizza ! ! ! we frequently order delivery and the pizza always arrives hot . the pies are as close as you 'll get to east coast comfort pizza . definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a quick slice or a giant ny style pizza this a a good option . if you are from ny you probably will argue that there are better options but for old town az good quick pizza option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst service ever they got my order wrong and then tried to charge me for my right order with out refunding the wrong order . i 'm at work and ca n't leave and they refuse to deliver my right order and want me to re pay ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after a few drinks in during a yelp event my phone went flying on the floor and the outcome was devastating ! i was in awe how much my phone screen shattered . every time i touched the screen i would cut my fingers . i 'm exaggerating but it really was pretty shattered . check out my picture . first thing i thought of was , got ta contact kimbo ! he was able to fix my phone on my first availability . it was quick and easy . i was at the store for no more than 15 minutes . and it came out looking brand spanking new . if you need any repairs for sure hit up kimbo . even hooked it up with a screen protector and phone case . thanks for the life saver !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this place 0 stars if i could.. location : 2nd floor next to sears came in with my brother because he is in dire need of a new phone . descent phone selection . we were in the store ten minutes and neither one of the two salespeople offered to help us . did n't even say hello . ended up walking out . do not come here . just go to one of the other phone stores or kiosks in the mall .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my phone screen on my iphone 6 recently cracked , and i freaked because the genius bar was booked out a week in advance . panicking , i was frantically texting my best friend when it happened and she recommended kimbo . called and he accommodated me as soon as possible . quick and easy fix : ) instead of leaving your iphone at the genius bar for hours not knowing what they 're doing with your property for so long , i would highly recommend fones gone wild ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know ned the manager and he is the man ! he always takes care of me and all my friends in town ! this guy knows service and he knows how to do it fast on the spot and cuts you an awesome deal ! anything to do with phone repair or accessories this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is to go to get get a phone if yours got loss or stolen . kimbo is the guy to talk to he will hook u up.. thank you for the help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my lcd replaced on my iphone 6 . great service . fast and clean . kimbo is the man . he even hooked it up . will be back for sure if something happens .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jojo is a personable and honest guy . my iphone 5s that the mac repair store said they would have to ship out to fix ( and would then charge me $ 300 ) was fixed in 30 min for only $ 80 . i recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend going here ! it 's fast and good service ! kimbo was great . definitely will be coming here from now on", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store does not accept sprint devices . i was disappointed when i walked in wanting to sell a pair of galaxy s4s only to be told they do n't take them . there are people in this city who do use sprint . my phones were in excellent condition . so if you do have sprint devices to sell , just be aware that they do n't accept them . they need to wise up and accept them . they 'd make some good money off reselling them or they could at least use them for parts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fones gone wild is the place to go ! awesome customer service and knowledge ! fast and reliable source for all phone repair and accessories . jo jo is the owner and operator . he 's 100 % awesome ! thank you jo jo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so one day i was eating at hobak and snapped a picture of the dessert . i was eating the ice cream and then the next thing i know , it melted and landed on the top half of the phone ever since then i had trouble hearing a normal phone call and had to put everything on speaker lol . so i reached out to kimbo and he saved the day . even though they did n't have the speaker parts for an iphone 6s at the shop , he went out of his way and switched out my defected iphone part with his own . after switching the parts and scraping the ice cream residue off , i could finally have a normal phone call haha . i would definitely recommend this shop for any repairs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lost my cell phone during a night out ( i 'm sure i 'm not the first ) and needed a replacement cell phone asap but did n't want to pay $ 700 at verizon for a new phone . these guys had a good selection of refurbished phones that i could reconnect immediately at a verizon store . they were so nice , tomer even drove me to the verizon store after buying my phone so that i could get it connected . if you loose your phone , go to these guys for your replacement . they 're only a couple miles from the strip . even if you 're phone is found later you can then keep the phone you buy as a spare ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in there looking for a new battery for my nexus . the owner , ronny , was there behind the counter working on something . he stopped what he was doing to shake my hand and greet me and he was very courteous and helpful . he had what i was looking for and even offered me extra items for my phone . i told him that all i needed was the battery so i proceeded to checkout . he gave me his business card and told me if i ever needed any phone repairs or accessories to give them a call . i would strongly recommend this cell phone shop to my friends . cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does it all . kimbo treats you right . 5 staaaaaars highly recommended ! ! ! ! if you looking for a spot to fix your phone . this is it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , when you get here ask for `` ned '' he will hook up , my iphon screen broke : - ( i was in and out with in 30min !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i broke my led screen yesterday and was sent here through via a verizon store . jojo knew immediately what was wrong , gave me all my options for a new phone or fixing the old one . i chose to repair the led screen and he had it fixed in about 10 minutes . the screen is beautiful . looks like the day i got the phone and he even put a screen protector on it without a single bubble or fleck of dirt under it ! this guy is a phone magician . very pleased with the service and the product . if i ever have any other issues , i will be back to this place . honest , affordable and quick with great service . thanks jojo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , honest , helpful ! ! jojo assessed phone quickly & his price was fair - definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need your phone fixed ? this is the place to go.. i was helped by brenton with a problem about my phone and he was helpful . kimbo is their technician and he was great ! while i was waiting for my phone , i saw how brenton handled his customers who were having language barriers problems on explaining , and one who were irate and he gave an excellent customer service ! kimbo was awesome at the way he explains the problem of the phone , he diagnose it and did everything he can to fix it . i have had my fair share of broken phones and went to different stores to have my phones fixed ( yes im clumsy with my phone ) , and the give the best price and best service out of all ! overall , great customer service from brenton and awesome tech support from kimbo ! will come back and recommend this place for everyone i know !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "intelligent , courteous , capable , funny and fair . what more could you ask of a service vendor ? walked in with my broken screensaver and walked out , like-new , 15 minutes later , costing a mere dollar per minute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jojo provided great service and was very friendly and helpful . i 'd recommend him to anyone . salamat po !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this location to fix my phone for the first time . kim is an awesome worker , and helped me out with fixing my iphone in timely matter . this place is very professional and nothing short of great customer service . i 'd recommend anyone trying to get their phone fixed to come here . great prices , great service , and fast results . thanks kim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "job done professionally with a fair price . n good customer service from jojo . will be back more for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was gon na send my phone off to apple for a battery replacement , but for $ 99 and a week away from the phone i found myself procrastinating for weeks . i finally found this place at meadows mall . for less than $ 50 i got a new battery on the spot . i was in and out in 15 minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come to unlock my iphone jojo told me it will take 1 to 3 days.. guess what after 2 hours i got a phone call from him and it was doe ! thank you ones gone wild ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in here a few times . the first time is when they first opened and did n't quite have all their drinks ready . so i walked out and went somewhere else . fortunately , they have turned the corner and are serving delicious food . i usually order the greek salad with chicken . $ 5.95 for the salad and an additional $ 2.19 for the chicken . the whole cost with a soda and tax is $ 10.33 . nino 's greek cafe is more moderately priced than a lot of similar joints . they serve a huge salad . which consists of iceberg lettuce , green peppers , tomatoes , olives , one big peppercini and of course feta cheese . they serve all of this with a fresh hot pita bread which is cut into four pieces and served in a sealed pouch . their chicken is perfectly grilled and compliments the salad . they have a bunch of picnic tables for those of us who like to eat outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glad to have finally tried this quaint little spot with great food and very friendly people . the lamb souvlaki platter was so delicious - skewers of tender grilled lamb served with warm pita quarters , rice , perfectly cooked fries , tzazika , and a goodly serving of greek salad . great food quality and quantity for the price . the restaurant itself is cozy , very clean , and has a nice patio area that i 'm looking forward to having future meals in when the weather gets milder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never thrown away falafel , so this place was a new low for me . i had the falafel platter ... there were n't many falafels ( 4 ) and they were terrible . tasted more like hushpuppies . the side salad ( greek , i guess ) was covered with a shredded cheese of some kind ( maybe feta ? ) but there was way too much of it ... cheese with a side of lettuce . hardly any red onion or tomato on it . i really wanted to like this place -- and perhaps it is good for meat eaters because of the supposedly giant proportions but we wo n't go back . it was the worst falafel i 've ever tasted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i literally just bought a plate here with my fianc\u00e9 and son who is 3 and i swallowed something sharp . i looked down and there was a piece of metal in the next bite i would have taken . this piece of metal was the size of a pen point and sharp like it came off a can or faulty piece of machinery . i tried to handle this issue with nino 's and they basically said they do n't do refunds which is the least they could have done considering i had to call my doctor who told me if i have pain to go to the er . please do n't bother messaging me about this review or harassing me for posting my honest experience because i have already contacted the health department to review this place so that no other consumers get hurt . i 'm only here to give my 2 cents", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! ! what a pleasant surprise . we went in day 15 of operation & went back day 16 & now going for lunch day 17 ! we 've had the chicken , the lamb , the salads , the pita , the gyro , the rice everything was fresh & made to order . everything was truly delicious & great value . even better than the most popular food cart in downtown athens as recommended by globe trekker . what a treat . the place is clean , the owner is attentive & they have either fountain drinks or by the bottle ... .nice touch . the food is created from the recipes of the owners family & boy can you tast the love & care in this food . have to go because they are opening soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was friendly and fast . i was in a hurry and ordered my food togo . i was able to order and head out within 10 minutes . i ordered the gyro combo , which was amazing . tons of meat and fresh veggies . i think i just found my new regular lunch spot . i can see them becoming like chicago hamburger company at lunch with lines out the door and many happy faces .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time i 've been here in a few weeks and it was delicious ! had the falafel pita the first time and just completed the arduous task of finishing off the lamb souvlaki platter ( serving size was huge ) . both were tremendous , but the lamb was insane . tender , juicy , flavorful , perfect . you can tell they highly value their customers as well - the cashier remembered me and welcomed me back . amazing dining experience for a local neighborhood joint . 5 stars well deserved ! ! they get bonus points too because the local firefighters came in while i was there , so that added a little something different ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the cheesesteak gyro with saut\u00e9ed onions , peppers and mushrooms ! the side salad was packed with feta and it was fresh and delicious as well . definitely a must try if you 're in the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got here for dinner and were we glad we did .the food was hot and tasty plus flavor ful the menu is affordable and has a variety of selections .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice for lunch in the downtown-ish area . i think it 's been here for a long time because it looks fairly old but the age adds a cute character to it . it 's a mom and pop style shop and there 's seating inside as well as patio seating . very casual . the food is amazing and their gyro meat is delicious . i was on a greek salad ( with gyro meat ) kick for a while so i was trying a bunch of places in the area . this is definitely the winner ! the salad comes with a creamy dressing , but they have a vinegarette style substitute which is a more traditional style and is excellent . this does n't pertain to me but in case it 's helpful to others - it does n't seem very handicap accessible . there is n't much of a walkway so you park in the dirt parking lot or on the side street , and there are just a few steps you have to take to step up to the building . if this is n't an issue - definitely try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the chicken platter , it was delicious ! and for only $ 10 you get a very generous amount of food . will definitely return . staff is also very friendly , happy 7 month anniversary !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am thrilled to have ninos in my neighborhood . i have been here twice since it opened , and i expect my four stars will soon become five stars . i have not tried enough of the menu yet to give it a five star , but i am looking forward to it . the gyro platter is big and tasty , there is so much meat . this is the issue i had with an unnamed greek restaurant on 7th avenue where i received three or four strips of gyro meat on a pita . ninos does not skimp on the meat . the salad was pretty big too , and the tomatoes were red and juicy , not that anemic orange whitish hard kind of tomato that has become the american standard . ninos seems to consistently be doing a pretty brisk business in the evenings when i walk by with my dogs , and that alone says more than my one review . i recognized the cook at ninos , he had worked at another very good greek restaurant i often frequented over the years , so i know this place will be a hit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon this restaurant last week in route to work as my destination was close by . i decided to stop in and order some food to appease a potential client . it smelled so good so i decided to go back and order some food to go for my boyfriend and i . we loved it ! the hummus was tasty ! ! i love hummus , and i 'm very picky about it however , nino 's was yum ! i also ordered a pita club sandwich to share and it was so unique ! it was very good ! hit the spot..most definitely comfort food . greek food is one of my boyfriend and my favorite foods ! we love pita ! i also love that the owner is greek and he was the one cooking . you can tell he puts his love into his food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! could eat here every day if i could afford it ! love their salads ! ! staff are also very nice and fast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the greek salad with gyro . the regular was a very generous portion and came with pita and tatziki . not fancy but good food . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of our go to spots for a quick dinner during the week . nino is super cool and usually there cooking . the young lady at the cashier is always so cute , bubbly and friendly . try the greek salad with chicken or the gyro platter . the spanakopita is also amazing and yummy . the portions are very generous and usually have plenty of leftovers . just be sure to check your to go orders before you go for accuracy -- we had a couple times where we had some forgotten parts of our meal but i believe that was due to newer staff members -- we have n't had an really recent issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first impressions are key . i had the gyro combo with fries & i added side greek salad . we also ordered the chicken gyro . hands down one of the better gyros i 've had . great price & quality . like the terminator `` i 'll be back ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying the food was really pretty good . i love gyro 's and theirs were tasty . the downside was the service was really slow . the first time i went i thought maybe it was because they just opened and needed to get their service groove on . the second time i went again it took about 30 minutes to get my take out order . it was later in the day and no other customers were ahead of me . i feel like that location is just cursed to not be successful . it has been 3 or 4 different places in the last few years . it is a shame that it takes so long to get your food from them because the location is close to my apartment and i love me some greek food . if the owner or employees reply and let me know they have improved their speed i would give them another chance . otherwise i will keep looking for good greek food in phoenix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nino 's , you make me happy ! i 've been on a greek kick and am very grateful this spot opened up in the location it did . i could eat the tzatziki all day ! so refreshing and savory . and it 's true what the other reviews said , the greek salad will not disappoint , huge portion and delicious . i also have ordered the falafel platter which was also a generous portion . overall : fresh , filling , tasty- with good prices and friendly service . try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the keys to great greek food . and nino 's got them all ! 1 . real romaine lettuce . 2 . tons of meat . 3 . awesome ( yet subtle ) greek music . it 's a given that it 's all fresh , the location is quaint and comfortable . service is genuine and fast , and did i mention the food is fantastic ? ! prices are great too , just wish i lived a little closer ... the chicken pita sandwich was fire grilled to perfection , with lovely a spiced flavor . the gyro was crisp and succulent . i love that there was so much meat in both of them that the toppings gush out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our second time coming here and we just ca n't get enough ! we have tried the basic gyro sandwich ( the amount of meat is crazy ! so much ! i love it ) , chicken pita , and hummus . all three were very delicious ! plus , the customer service here is great . the woman in the front is always super nice and has a smile ! we will be coming here a lot more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! had the lamb souvlaki platter the first time . so good . today is the chicken souvlaki platter . super delicious . seasoned beautifully . salad is great . and the fries are done to perfection . reasonably priced for such great quality food . oh , and the platter portions are huge ... best if shared between two people , or one extremely hungry person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best authentic greek food ! my fianc\u00e9 and i both got the gyro with fries . i recommend getting the fries without seasoning because it gave us really bad heartburn . they make perfect to zieke sauce : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food , i always get a modified chicken pita sandwich with hummus instead of tzatzeki . the chicken is juicy and flavorful , the pita is fresh and the fries are seasoned to perfection every time . nino and his crew are always super quick , clean , and of course friendly . i have recommended this place to everyone i know and never heard a single bad remark . if you love authentic greek or even like to customize your meal , you 'll enjoy nino 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in twice and was n't really wowed by the food . the spanikopita was deep fried so it was oily and doughy . their salad dressing is different ... a tzaziki maybe ? not bad but would have preferred a vinaigrette . hummus was ok ... a little bland .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am so glad that ninos is in the neighborhood ! it 's delicious , generously portioned and inexpensive ! my standard order is a side of gyro meat and a side salad for $ 5.00 . it 's a perfect lunch . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is gr8 ordered the lamb souvlaki platter highly recommend it ! ! ! good customer service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well the wife said it was to cold for the welcome dinner . so i found ninos instead the chicken souvlaki was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so ready and waiting for a delicious lamb souvlaki and instead i got this clearly charred piece of meat . ever so disappointing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nino 's may be a pain in the butt to park at , but the food is worth the inconvenience . it is a great casual lunch spot that i frequent at with coworkers every week or so . the greek salads are great and the smaller size is definitely enough food . here 's a tip for you - i would recommend asking for the salad dressing on the side . they tend to drench it in dressing , but if you apply it based on your own preferences it will be terrific . you can even ask for a couple of pieces of falafel on top of your salad and they will happily do so . the falafel is delicious ! ! ! ! make sure to give them a try if you like mediterranean food ! 4 stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in on a wednesday at 8:30 pm , no customers but me , not a good sign . this is a small place and the kitchen is not separate so lots of smoke in that room . best to step outside unless you want to end up smelling like a bbq pit . the olives they put in salads have pits , but would have been nice if they told me -- almost broke a tooth . but enough about the bad stuff , i got lamb skewers , salad , rice , fries , and pita bread all for only $ 12 . best deal in town . will be back . good place for takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gyro is better than the ones i have tasted back home in nyc . i wish i lived in phoenix i would visit often . if business brings me back here i will definitely come back and eat here with my family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great greek food ! love it ! perfect when watching some bands across the street at rip 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in the mood for a gyro and decided to check this place out . i was impressed . my gyro was delicious and freshly made . i will be coming back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went on sunday , mostly on a whim . since the business is mostly takeout the dining area was empty . nevertheless i was greeted by their friendly order-taker and told her i wanted their chicken platter . what i got was exquisite . the chicken was well seasoned and grilled just right . their sauce , which looks like a cross between ranch and blue cheese , has a subtle yet satisfying flavor . overall i loved the dish and will have to explore more greek cuisine . be careful how much you order because you wo n't be able to stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sad that they increased their prices , but the food is worth it . best gyro place in central phoenix and the salad is huge ! i really want to try the cheese fries , i hear they 're delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a traveling rn this is one of the places i 've kept coming back too consistently after a long shift at work . i checked out a ton of different restaurants in a short period of time here in phx and this place is cozy , friendly , and relaxed . nino is mad cool and he plays sports on television during the evenings often , if that 's what you 're into . the staff is friendly and i enjoyed coming here . highly recommend if you want something that 's more relaxed and chill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like amazingly fresh food & z 's greek on 40th street & indian school ( they are related ) you will love this new spot . i ordered a lg greek salad with chicken and it was delicious ! if i 'm in the area again i 'll because to visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my my . love these guys . not only is the food great but the service and friendly atmosphere is superb . even the customers seem nicer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is a little hole in the wall joint ( which i normally prefer ) but this place is not very good overall . salad was awful pita was a little stale but i must admit the gyro meat was delicious ! but everything else brought the rating down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is like comfort food to me . it reminds me of legit detroit greek food i grew up with . i actually have a hunch that they are from mi . the falafel is delicious both on its own , the falafel pita is the bomb , i always add hummus to my falafel pitas to make sure it 's not too dry for my taste but theirs does n't need it . the falafel is flavorful and moist already . the gyro is absolutely the bomb . it 's surprising how many places can really f-up a gyro , and refreshing to get exactly what you want when you get the craving for a good ass gyro . their lamb souvlaki is good as well . they have good portions of everything . i really like their greek salad dressing . the fries are always hot and crisp . the rice is okay . hands down this is the best greek i 've had in the valley , i 've tried 4 or 5 spots . a plus is how friendly they are , and the care they take when prepping serving the meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and great service ! i tried the baklava and it was super yummy . never tried it before . definitely worth the drive downtown", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nino is a great guy . i knew him over at z 's and happy he decided to open his new place right next to where i live . sorry z , i wo n't be coming to see you that often anymore : ) . i almost always get the salad which the lettuce is always fresh and crisp . i add gyro and if i 'm hungry also chicken . we call this extra large monstrosity the sergeant because a local police sergeant regularly orders this . thanks nino for taking this absolute hole and turning it into a wonderful neighborhood hang out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . crunchy crusted falafel , greek salad with so many chunks of feta ( `` that 's the best part . of course we give you that much ! '' ) delightful counter person , eager for us to enjoy . if i lived in phoenix i 'd be here every day . and i 'd weigh 20 pounds more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken shawarma had zero flavor or spice , something that dish is known for ! the salad was brown and wilted , had to exchange it for another , the rice was flavorless as well . customer service was excellent however , and my husband 's gyro plate was very good . wish i had gotten that . would give 2.5 stars but no option for that . doubt i will be back as better greek places nearby .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great neighborhood restaurant ! i had the chicken souvlaki pita . chicken was moist and juicy and i love , love , love the pita bread . thanks nino ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! hubster needs to eat lamb and we did n't want to cook it . so tried this place for lamb skewers . delish ! and staff so very nice . willing to make some substitutions on the veggies . we will be back . reasonably priced and lovely outdoor seating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a great little hideaway . staff is really pleasant and helpful , place is always clean and prices are within a retirees budget . i had the lamb skewer and took a gyro home . 3 meals for me ! definitely a return to spot ... better than any i have had to date !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is absolutely my favorite restaurant in downtown phoenix . i always get salads for lunch , and nino 's provides a delicious option when you 're ready to get your green on . if i 'm paying $ 8-10 for a salad , i expect some substance and not just a pile of iceberg lettuce with a lame chicken breast . nino 's has deliciously flavored meat ( both gyro and chicken ) that tops a huge pile of fresh romaine and complimentary vegetables . included is the tzatziki sauce for the free pita and a side of greek dressing that surpasses any i 've had in the valley . the portions are enormous and the service is quite good . from the outside , nino 's does n't look like a 4-star establishment , but my tastebuds and pocketbook think it 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small place , huge taste . the food was made fresh , and it was amazing . the staff was friendly and had great recommendations on what to try . i would definitely come back here for some tasty greek food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a falafel platter for pick up and it only came with falafels , fries & a tiny salad . i was thinking i would at least get hummus or maybe some tahini with tabouli ? hmmm this place just has fried junk . sorry not sorry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! great sized portions , so much so i had to take chicken out of my pita & added it to my side salad . everything was fresh and flavorful . side salad was more than enough . my only request would be to put feta cheese on my pita . maybe they missed it ? i will probably make this a weekly lunch outing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . authentic greek food with big portion and also inexpensive . i hope they dont change .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small cafe with limited parking but the food and price is worth it ! amazing greek food . lunch specials . healthy and fresh food . customer service was excellent ! i 'd highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new go to when i need a gyro pita or platter ! quick service with nice patio seating . parking lot is a little tight but there is public parking on the street . would recommend for a causal lunch meet up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chicken souvlaki is phenomenal . my husband and i both had the chicken souvlaki sandwiches and the marinade on the chicken was well done ! the tzatiki on the sandwich was great as well . the french fries i was disappointed with that but overall highly impressed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best greek food in phoenix ! my wife and i have been coming here since it opened . we come here once a week every week ! it 's gotten really busy as of late , but hey that only says that they are doing something right ! try it out you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here for the first time today . loved it . excellent hummus , chicken pita was a little spicier than other greek places but i think that made it a step above its competition . will definitely eat here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back for some more ! 2nd time here and food is delicious but enter parking lot at your own risk . dirt parking lot and potholes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . i typically call ahead with my order because they get busy during lunch and i have very limited time . they never disappoint , great food , good prices and convenient location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would have to say this is the best greek restaurant i have ever been too.. it 's a pretty small place but the gyro sandwich was the best ever.. it was very flavorful and overflowling with meat , lettuce , onions and sauce . the portions are very large . anyone in central phoenix should try this place..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed regular greek salad for lunch today . great food . large portions . indoor and outdoor seating available . good prices . friendly staff and clean . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ninos is in our neighborhood and always our go to spot for greek food . it is consistently good and priced reasonably . we can never go wrong with ninos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place just has really good food . i 've been twice , had the chicken souvlaki and the gyro . both were great , but the chicken was what really stood out . it was really , really well prepared . the french fries that came with the first time were super good , not so much the second time around , but i went at the end of the night , they were busy , and maybe needed to change the oil but did n't have a chance . another thing i have to point out : the people who work there are super nice and helpful . the level of customer service from both times i was there was top-notch , and i think they should be acknowledged for that . the building itself ... honestly leaves a little to be desired , but you know what , i came for food , and they do a great job of that . i ca n't dock a star for that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! great food , great service , and huge portions . i usually get the village salad with grilled chicken on top , the salad is not on the menu but you have the option of ordering it . the gyro platter is huge and big enough for two people to share . wonderful little place that i will continue to visit as long as i can get my village salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! friendly , fast and delicious ! dulce is beautiful and helpful and is always smiling . everything i have ever had there has been perfection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you fellow yelpers ! ! ! the food was reasonable , fast , fresh , and amazing ! i will come back ... i just wish they took american express . i 'd come much more often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in the mood for greek food ; this spot will not disappoint you . everything on the menu is made to perfection . the portions are more than generous and the prices are very reasonable . the customer service is the best as well . everyone is very friendly and always seems happy to be there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , local independent restaurant if you 're looking for some quick , high quality greek food . nino and his staff are always friendly , courteous and professional . they also do take carry out orders . go try a gyro or a salad next time you 're in the area ! keep up the great work guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chose nino 's based on its good reviews and we were in the area so we stopped by to give it a shot . food was good service was great.. i had to try the classic gyro and it was delicious my lady went with the falafel platter . ( good size portions on both ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "closed and looks like it had been for ages ... sad times", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all the gimmicky and occasionally useful foodstuffs of the orient can be found here . after spending a year in singapore my flat mate swears by the msg laden crackers sold here , and after scoffing a few of these worryingly addicting gems i 'm a fan of this place . unusual ornaments and other asian culture decorations can be found inside too . great for rare ingredients aswell .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really helpful staff , lots of specialists pastes and ingredients not to mention fantastic fresh thai fruit and vegetables that are difficult to come by elsewhere . got some fresh galangal , turmeric , green papaya , frozen kaffir lime leaves and fresh coriander root . helpful advice on storage and what could be frozen and what had to be eaten fresh . definitely going to become a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place pretty much does what it says on the tin . i walked past it the other day , having never even noticed it before , so decided to go and have a peek around . the smell as you walk in is amazing . i 'm probably the only student at edinburgh uni who did n't spend a year partying my way round thailand when i finished school , so i 'm not exactly an expert on the food . which is probably why i did n't understand or recognise most of the stuff in here , although it did make me want to learn . it 's small , and it 's claustrophic and cluttered , but do n't let that put you off . i know of a few chinese supermarkets dotted around edinburgh , but this is the first thai one i 've found and i 'll definitely be popping back here next time i 'm feeling creative .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i like a store , i tend to go in frequently , usually lacking a valid reason to do so . that 's become the case with the orient thai market , an asian food store i 've recently discovered in bruntsfield . i 'm a big fan of asian food in general , and know these stores usually stock the commercial western favourites as well as the more authentic products . and true to form , you will find the typical red and green curry pastes you may be accustomed to , instant noodles , asian vegetables such as lemongrass and pak choi , as well as some other more ambiguous products it would take some courage to buy ! the store is extremely casual with friendly staff ( who seem to be getting a little tired of me ) and they 're impressively open on sundays as well . if only the rest of edinburgh would follow this example ! the store is n't that large , but is extremely packed and you may find it difficult to see the wall in some parts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband has had two hand surgeries and two shoulder surgeries with follow-up physical therapy here , and i recently went in for a shoulder issue myself . anything orthopedic , this is where we go . good people , friendly staff , knowledgeable doctors who have treated us respectfully and with good results . they make a point of trying to stay on schedule if at all possible , and are efficient without being impolite about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to start , parking is far from the building , and you have to go up and down stairs to get there . the wait to be seen is ridiculous . i 've been 3 times , and each time has been the same . they take you back to your room quickly , and you sit there for an hour before anyone comes to talk to you . i was there for knee injections in both knees . they did one correctly , but the dr admitted that the other injection may have been off in the fat a bit and required an additional cortisone injection . i understand that things can happen , but there should be some accountability with medical professionals .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the pug hair was starting to pile up , my broken vacuum was collecting dust , which would also need to be vacuumed up , i was in desperate need of a new vacuum . i went to sears . it seemed like the right place to go . the selection was good - a huge price range ( from dyson insanity to reasonable hoovers ) and a helpful salesman made the experience easy . our salesman knew way more about vacuum 's than i ever expect to learn and instead of forcing the most expensive model on us , he led us to a midrange one with lots of great features . the experience made me want to return to sears for household purchases and the reasonable warranty will allow me to sleep at night , knowing that our vacuum will be sucking up pug hair for years to come .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the size of the shop is good but as they are closing all their main location , this location was on sale as well . the sale was 10 % to 30 % i think but it was much to entice me to buy stuff from them . there quality is not par with the price they charge even after the discount . there is a lot of variety for what they currently keep and number of cahiers on this location was high compared to what i have seen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "want an incline and a view without shelling out nearly $ 25 for 10 minutes ? go skiing instead . they have package deals where you can go to the observatory and the planetarium thing , but it 'll cost you like $ 70 per person . total waste of money since the olympic park is boring . having been to the beijing olympic stadium i can say that this one is boring and outdated . but , it 's a piece of history , hence the 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the olympic tower in montreal is the tallest inclined tower in the world , at 175 metres . it was built as part of the 1976 olympic village , and you can visit it by taking a funicular to the viewing platform at the top . this has one of the best views in montreal , though a little pricey for what is essentially a trip to the top of a building and back ( $ 15.95 for adults , half that for children ) . i think most people combine it with a trip to the neighbouring biod\u00f4me or other parts of the olympic park but i just wanted to see the strange architecture of the tower .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to spend the day with family or a group . a lot of history in this place . the tower is a unique structure , however i rather go to mount royal park area for a free view of the city instead of paying close to $ 25 for a 10 minute ride up and down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the landmark that is an incline building . it 's a marvel to look at but beyond that , do n't pay the money to go to the top .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing building , the olympic tower in montreal is the tallest inclined tower in the world , at 175 metres . it was built as part of the 1976 olympic village , and you can visit it by taking a funicular to the viewing platform at the top . this has one of the best views in montreal , though a little pricey for what is essentially a trip to the top of a building and back ( $ 15.95 for adults , half that for children ) . i think most people combine it with a trip to the neighbouring biod\u00f4me or other parts of the olympic park but i just wanted to see the strange architecture of the tower .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to get to the top you take a cable-car type elevator which gives you a great view and is kind of fun . there 's really not much to say about the tower except that it gives you excellent views of the olympic park and all of montreal , as well as the st. lawrence river . if you 're looking for scenic pictures , this is your place . also there 's the bragging rights of saying you 've been in the world 's tallest leaning tower . it has a gift shop at the top as well , and interactive monitors that tell about some of the things you can see in and around montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh gawd i love chipotle ! fml i am obsessed . burrito bowl with sofritas everything on it , i 'm in heaven . i also do their kids meals , plenty of food to get me full for lunch . they have veggies , you get to pick between brown and white rice ( they have some in the back without cilantro if you do n't like cilantro ) . there are also pinto or black bens to choose from . they have garnishes : corn , sour cream , cheese , salsa ( green and red ) , pico de gallo , and lettuce . their chips are the best , they do a hint of lemon . for the kids meal you get two sides , a tiny thing or chips and a drink ( chocolate milk please lol ) overall i love chipotle ! the food is delicious ! i rarely eat there usually take it to go by the restaurant is clean and the staff are friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go here if your hungry because you will not get what you pay for ! ! ! the give you half portions and will tell you they are full portions . i have never been to a chipotle where i was still hungry after eating . usually i can never finish because it is so much . when they first opened the gm said we may ask for a little more with no extra cost . but now they are charging for a few extra pieces of chicken . an after you pay for that extra 3 pieces it is now a right portion .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i guess when you work here you get to hang out and play tic-tac-toe with the manager watching who 's winning and laughing about it . while they are doing that , all their co-workers were hanging out and telling each other bout what they were doing last night . all this going is on while the tables have leftover trays and crumbs all over them ... buyer beware , this location is extremely tight with their portions ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i eat here several times a month and overall it is good ! ! the food always taste great but they tend to run low on items that could put a damper on your lunch ! ! they are in a very busy location in the mall and the floors and tables are always about 90 % dirty ! ! te service is not stellar but there are two employees that area always super nice and on top of what they have to do ! ! just wish all of them had the same sense of urgency ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very poor customer service ! ! ! ! they dont smile nor greet you ! ! ! the guy making my bowl looks soooo grumpy ! ! ! the girl ( african american ) that checked me out was horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! after i paid she just left ! ! ! ! ! like no thank you or at least give me my damn food ! ! ! ! horrible service ! ! ! they dont care whatsoever about their store ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after waiting 25 minutes in line and watching over 10 people turn away , the final arrival to the counter to see the food or lack there of was not only a let down but disgusting . the food was run low , meats were empty or dried to bottom of bins , and there was no salsa , chips , or guacamole . we were instructed that we would need to wait five minutes for the new freshly baked chips which actually took 20 minutes . a total of 40 minutes up to this point and we are still waiting for the manager to speak with us . avoid this location at all costs if you 're looking for a fresh meal and competent service from staff or management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is just another chipotle ... i simply did not want to drive to taco el gordo . for about $ 7 a chicken burrito is a so so buy . the owner is making a killing for a little meat and all rice , bean and vegetable . it is hot at least . taste is ok. business is ok for a sunday night , but it is christmas shopping season . i was here on the night before as well , on a saturday night . business was so , so as well . i guess they do a majority of their business on daylight shopping hours . nothing special just another chipotle .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure why the rating is so low here . this is by far the best chipotle i 've ever been too ! : ) . great quality steak , clean and well air conditioned , fast and amazing customer service ! way better than any other location i 've been too before ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's up with the bad wrap ? it 's in the outlet mall it 's better , much better than the food court junk friendly burrito rappers lots of seating the food is fresh the guac is excellent and a view of all the people taking selfies ... with the selfie stick the only place to eat here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i cant even begin- the app we used said they were open until 10pm . we got there to find they close at 9pm . we got there right at 9 to find the door locked and restaurant full of people . we called to double check and it was in fact the correct place- ( we could see them answer the phone and talk with us ) the app said they closed at 10pm . i showed them and asked them to honor the fact that the app said 10 and they still had food in the line . they refused and turned us away- we specifically uber 'd to that location because of the advertised closing time and i can not believe the terrible customer service we received . im pretty disappointed and its no surprise they have such a low rating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all this restaurant is dirty , everyone was doing nothing and standing around in the back while this poor girl named yadira is handling all of the customers and there was a huge line . yadira called 3 times for help in the front and then they all came out ( about 5 other employees ) and they looked at her and went into the back again . one even came out to get a drink , saw how big the line was , and went into the back again . but hey go yadira !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i decided to try chipotle again after the food scare . after all it is not their fault right . well let me tell you the cashier at this was rude and unapologetic . she rushed us though and did not care about how the food was provided back . stay away . so many other place at the mall and at the strip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever ! worst attitude of employees when we ordered . then , we were still eating when they closed , and they decided to mop and sweep the floor right under neath us , they also mopped and swept our feet . when i asked her if she can work on cleaning on other areas of the restaurant instead of right underneath us , she basically said that that is what she has to do . shortly after , we were still eating , we were asked to leave because they were closed . my father and i were done eating , yet my child and senior citizen mother was not . they had to stop eating and leave the restaurant with their food in their hands .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i thought the food was excellent . i ordered the chorizo burrito bowl which was outstanding . however , the restaurant itself is located in the outlet mall and has very little seating for the amount of foot traffic and was n't very clean when i was there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly the worst chipotle i 've ever been to . so bad that i felt i needed to write a review . every available table was messy with food from the previous customer , trash bins were over flowing onto the floor , no hot sauces available , no forks ... . there were plenty of workers at the store but none of them felt the need to clean up . once i got to the counter the guacamole was brown , the lettuce looked old and wilted and started turning brown..really grossed me out , i ended up throwing my food away . very disappointing experience and i absolutely love chipotle but will never be returning to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food ! very affordable with $ 7 on average per person . no wait . with no wait , did n't receive 5 stars as they do not come out and wipe down tables . had to wipe table and seats before we could sit down . keep receipt for bathroom code .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the people who attended my family and i were wonderful . they even made attempt to speak our language to help us choose our dinner . we came on a busy day-christmas , and they were all wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a quick and healthy meal with little other options , this is my go to . i love the convenience of a fast meal on the go that is also pretty healthy . my go to is the burrito bowl with steak and guacamole . i always get brown rice , black beans , no sour cream or cheese , hot salsa , and guac . i am not a big soda drinker but i ca n't help but be obsessed with a dr. pepper on the side with my meal . if you have never had a side of chips and salsa and guacamole , i highly recommend you stop reading this review and go get some ! like ive said in other reviews , i am picky about my chips and salsa , but damn . they have some of the best ! also i recommend the burritos quesadilla style i think ? where they add a layer of cheese on the tortilla before they wrap it all up if you are super hungry . so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dollar mania has a wonderful selection of $ 1 items as well as a few things for $ 2 or $ 3 ( which are very clearly marked ) . i particularly like the craft selection ! this place has everything from soup to nuts and cleaners to dishes . it has just as much stuff as those chain stores , but i am thrilled to find such a great dollar store that is locally owned ! i 'm a customer for life , and i want others to know about it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has everything ! i love to shop at dollar mania for holiday decorations , party supplies , gift bags , candy and more ! it 's a great feeling to fill up your cart and not be worried about the grand total ! this dollar store carries halloween costumes , kitchen utensils , school supplies , laundry and gardening items , housekeeping and cleaning products , even baby stuff and dog toys . upon walking into this store , it 's clear that the owners take lots of pride in their shop . it 's the cleanest dollar store i 've ever seen ! the staff is very friendly and will even order something you are looking for if they do n't carry that item . next time you have a long shopping list , begin shopping at dollar mania and see how much money you can save versus the bigger chain stores . i think most people can benefit from saving few dollars , right ? yep ! including me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dollar mania is a solid discount store . they have a pretty good selection of items , and their prices are very reasonable ( some things are more than $ 1 ) . their customer service is great . the store is clean and well organized , unlike many discount stores . i 've been there a few times , and i 'll certainly be back in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dollar mania is my new go-to dollar store ! they have a great selection of products ... but this is not a 99 cent store ... but all are very good values . the people are wonderful ! this is a family-owned business and they make every effort to make their customers part of the family ! i recommend that if you have n't visited this store , you should ... you 'll find some great surprises !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company several times and i have never been disappointed ! i had drywall and carpet damage from two separate leaks and signature west was able to make repairs quickly . they communicated well and have highly competitive rates . they offer swift , quality and professional service for a variety of homeowners ' needs . i would highly recommend signature west to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was searching for a carpet cleaning company to come on very short notice . i tried a few top yelp rated companies but they were already booked . one of these competitors recommended signature west carpet cleaning . robert was very polite and super accommodating . he scheduled me for the very next day . troy showed up and was very knowledgeable and a pleasure to deal with . i inquired about tile and grout cleaning and he was extremely honest and said that the tile and grout were in great shape and it would be a waste of money at this point ... ... i appreciate their integrity , honesty and excellent customer service . this , combined with a high quality carpet cleaning service , makes them number one for me . call these guys , you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used signature west multiple times over the past 5 years for both commercial use ( a church property ) and my personal residence . i could n't be more pleased with the quality of service they provide nor with the professional manner in which they provide . the church property i managed had the unfortunate experience of a flood - our hot water heater burst - on a saturday night ! 1.5 inches of water across the entire facility . they stopped the water flow , sucked up the water , cut out drywall , and got the building to a place where we could have church service by morning . all the damage was completely repaired by the following week 's church service ! fast ! high quality ! reasonably priced ! call them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably my favorite of the ones nearest me . kids are always fun and quick to let me know what the sales are . the one kid though has zero customer service skills and would rather gossip about what 's going on at the piercing bagota than wait on customers with armloads of shit..waiting to give them my money . store is always clean and tidy . its a bit pricey and the stuff can be found online way cheaper but if ya need something quick stop in . also , the rewards thing they started is good . sign up ! now i got ta squeeze into this hello kitty thong ... brb", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their products . they had a good deal the other day , where u got hot topic cash for spending a certain amt over $ 40 or something . then i went and returned a 15 $ item , and she took my coupon away , since i was no longer at 40 ... i thought that was shady but whatever . then instead of refunding me the $ 15 , she charged me again for 15 $ ! ! good thing i caught it , called them . and when i went in she knew exactly what happened . and properly refunded my money . thank you . still took my coupon tho", "score": "4"}
{"review": "items are overpriced and out-of-date . good for emo pre-teens , but that 's about it . also , one of the cashiers was very obviously high .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was a big mistake on my sister and i to go here around 10am on a holiday ( mlk ) . it was completely packed with patrons inside and the drive-thru line was long . my sister said she had n't gotten to eat-in yet , so that was what kinda motivated us to go in , and i did n't get to try either of the 2 vegas locations yet . i 'm patient for the most part , especially understandable when it 's a holiday . i got ta admit this though : i was n't too impressed with the food or coffee . we both had the bacon , egg and cheese croissants . she had a latte and i had a cappuccino . it was definitely fresh - cooked to order . coffee beverages can not and should not be compared to specialized coffee establishments . even though it took awhile to get everything , the staff was honestly nice and courteous . also have to give them credit for working hard , even if they were behind - effort . i can appreciate that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my new addiction . picture panera bread company but fresh and with a farmhouse feel . a family member told me about it 2 weeks ago and i 've already been in three times . it 's just off of craig and 95 which is less than an 8 minute drive from me ( dangerous ) and has a drive-thru ( even more dangerous ) . everything is made in-house fresh , you can definitely taste it and if you choose to dine inside the decor is adorable . henderson friends , there 's a location near you : ) my new go-to stop while we 're out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches , however there is no table service , which makes it impossible for the handicapped such as myself . i can not stand in line , order , sit and they bring it to you . we had to get back in the vehicle and go through the drive-thru , which we did n't want to do . wo n't be going back , because : 1 ) the food was cold by the time we got back home . 2 ) we do n't eat in the car . would have been good other than that . not handicap accessible !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i could give a zero i would . we have gone several times and the employees are dumb . no one knows anything at all . i bought my son a pb & j at first i looked and i thought they put the pb & j in little containers for him to spread on for himself . when we got home i noticed there was no pb & j , i opened the bread to put our own from home and saw the atrocity . it looks like they just dipped the knife and did a quick swipe . there was literally nothing there . i spoke with chris and he comped us a meal . went again today to get my sons free meal and it took us 30 minutes for 1 pb & j sammie . really . we will never set foot in this location again . when my husband asked why everyone else got their food before them the cashier sais she did n't know . this place ia ridiculous and will never get a good review from me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rating solely on the food because i ordered through postmates . i ordered the fruit tart , guava smoothie , salad and cauliflower soup . fruit tart : 4 5 i felt like there was too much of the filling and it was a bit too sweet for me . guava smoothie : 4 5 the smoothie was really good . i just wished the guava flavor was a little stronger . salad : 5 5 i 'm not sure which salad it was but it had candied nuts and raspberry dressing . it had some chicken in it which i was n't expecting but the candied nuts was a nice addition . soup : 5 5 the cauliflower soup was probably my favorite . i got it with some asiago cheese bread and it was really good . it was flavorful and filling but not too too dense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food , if it ever gets served to you . the first time we waited over 20 minutes for a box of cookies . cookies that just needed to be pulled from the case . no one was in front of us either . the second time we tried them we placed our order and waited and waited and waited . finally asked and found out the cashier never put the order in on his side even though we had paid and had our receipt . it 's good food but do n't think we will go back . very unorganized .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our first time eating at this location . i really enjoyed the kneader'r restaurant in denver . so i heard there was one here in the henderson area . we were there for a quick breakfast . i ordered a breakfast egg croissant sandwich , guava smoothie and a side of almond croissant . they were very good . my daughter loved the free pumpkin bread . the price was reasonable , it cost under $ 10 for that meal . we 'll be back to try some of the other pastries and baked goods . there are so many to choose from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place , much like a paneras . my only big critics is the lack of nutritional info - none posted in the restaurant and the online tool is awkward to use . nothing i looked up included full data - for example the mg for potassium totally absent . my husband has to limit both sodium & potassium so for us it 's a big issue the place seems clean , food fresh , staff friendly . i 'll have to limit future visits to when my husband is n't with me however !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when you walk into the restaurant you see all the breads which looked very impressive and the knick knacks which also looked impressive . unfortunately the food was not impressive . my husband ordered the pastrami and it came out cold so he had to send it back . i ordered the chicken salad sandwich which came on a croissant with a salad . i changed the bread type and when my sandwich came out it did not have the salad . when i asked for it the person behind the counter said if you change the bread you do not get the salad . when i told him that the person who took my order did not tell me that his answer was that he did not wait on me . i asked for the manager and he said he would give me the salad anyway and i told him that the staff needs to inform the customers of things like this . do n't think we will be going back there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love kneaders . i 'm happy they opened up so close to where i am . the place is great for family 's and it 's like panera but waaay better and more affordable . they make everything from scratch and their breakfast is to die for . i usually order the french toast or the turkey bacon avocado . their pastries are really good as well . the service is a bit slow but it 's understandable since they just opened and a lot of times they hire kids with this being their first job . nonetheless they train them to be courteous and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've experienced way better . the online ordering was pretty easy and i was told i could go to the drive-thru for pick up . the order was ready after waiting in the line . i gave my name at the order box and said i placed an online order.timing was perfect.when i pulled up , the young lady was trying to collect for my order that i already paid for . then she proceeded to give me the drink intended for the person behind me . she looked confused when i reiterated the online order . we ordered three french dip sandwiches . i was expecting how other restaurants serve this and that is piled high with beef served with au jus . on a baguette , there were two thin slices of deli beef and swiss cheese . kind of 'sterile ' looking for a sandwich . we may try something else next time , but that 's up in the air .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if cracker barrel and panera had a baby , i believe you 'd get kneaders . the decor is very country home and they have various things for sale like signs , breads , jams , and aprons . the dessert case is to die for . pies , cheesecakes , cannolis , cookies , brownies , anything your fat little heart desires . they have the classic sandwiches , salads and soups to chose from and a pretty good variety at that . they also serve breakfast which i think we may try this weekend . ordered a turkey bacon and avocado sandwich on country sourdough and my husband had a pastrami sandwich with the chicken noodle soup . ( i liked my sandwich better than he liked his , but both still tasty ) for dessert we had the apple pie and the salted caramel cheesecake . they were amazing . the only complaint i have would be that service was slow . however , they are new and i 'm sure or i hope this improves . last things to note- they have a drive thru and are closed sundays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally dig this place . pastries are fresh and not overly sweet . try whatever they have pumpkin , really legit . the french toast is probably one of the best i 've ever had ! the portions are good ... .not to small but just right . this place does get busy but the drive thru is very efficient . recently ordered 1 pumpkin loaf , and they gave us 2 free , because the manager said he did n't like the way the other one looked . looks more like a mom and pop shop , with a cracker barrel feel . everyone is friendly , and welcoming . some other visitors must have caught them on a crazy day , or with new untrained employees . been here multiple times and satisfied with all visits so far .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to stop in to pick up some food on my way home from work . this place gave off panera bread vibes and i decided to try the turkey bacon avocado sandwhich with a small chicken noodle soup and a fruit tart . the sandwhich was good the noodle soup was disappointing and tasted like canned store bought overpriced soup . i am usually a big fan of fruit tarts and was disappointed as well . save yourself a trip and go to panera bread instead . the quality is better and they have a bigger selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "incredibly slow service . we ordered a cake that was already made and a brownie that was already made . according to the receipt we waited 15 minutes . this is the third time we 've come and did n't have to wait in line . the first 2 times it was packed and the line hardly moved in 20 minutes , so we left . we figured this time it would be in and out ... not so . we were given extra brownies for the wait . that was appreciated . but , for the items already prepared , it really should have been in and out . while there was quite a few people working , only one was taking orders and one was getting them together . something they might want to work on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my first time here , but wont be my last . i had the chicken tortilla soup , caesar salad and a canoli . all are worth getting . and the service was outstanding", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kitchen ca n't multitask , waited 20 minutes for a panini and was very dissatisfied with the panini . looks like they threw it in my to-go container . i ordered a rueben and hardly no pastrami or sour kraut on it ! hardly any sauce . i paid $ 9.00 for this joke of a sandwhich ! does n't corporate care what they are producing at this new location . not good for future business ! had a better rueben on a cruise ship ! true . was very excited about this cafe opening near my neighborhood but will never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried this place that a coworker said was tasty . he did not lie . this place is great . the sandwich was great as was the soup and dessert . i will definitely be coming back to kneaders . their menu looks amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally decided to stop by kneaders for the first time the other day , it only took me like 2 months ! i went through the drive-thru and the first thing i noticed was that their drive-thru is ridiculously slow . they are really going to need to step their game up on that because that is the fastest way to lose business , nobody wants to wait 20+ minutes in a drive-thru line ! anyways , i ordered the sausage and egg croissant , turkey artichoke panini , orange rolls , and the caramel macchiato . the sausage and egg croissant and turkey artichoke panini were amazing ! the orange rolls needed some work though , they tasted a little doughy . the caramel macchiato was unbelievable , i still ca n't get over how much better theirs is v. starbucks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here this morning . used the drive thru ... service was excellent . asked the clerk about the french toast , he said i would n't be disappointed . i was n't ! ! ! it was served hot and fresh . the strawberries were sweet and that caramel syrup ... ..omg ! ! ! definitely gon na be back to try some of the items on the menu . i love panera and this is a great alternative since it 's a lot closer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like kneaders alot . i usually go to the one on the way to anthem . but was over here . the vibe is the same . the people were nice , and my salad was delish and fresh . i usually do n't get anything sweet , but the have a cookie that is thick , and has a lot of chocolate chips , and i think it had a brownie bottom on it . it was so good ! i had to get a second one and bring it to my husband .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service ! waited 25 minutes for a sandwich and salad . this is not a steakhouse..i will not be returning . food was mediocre . not worth wasting half your day sitting here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got home to find croutons on my salad after i asked for none . no big deal but the black pubic looking curly hair i found a couple bites in ruined it after that . thanks for the loss of appetite and taking my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm hoping the manager of kneaders will read this - i will be back because i love your food , but i was disappointed in the service today . this was my first time in the las vegas kneaders - i 've been to some of your utah locations . at 4pm today , saturday , it was n't busy , and the girl in glasses was at the register gossiping in a not nice way about somebody else . when i was ready to place my order , i was not asked if i wanted a sample , i was not asked about a loyalty card - i noticed signs for these after i headed out . i was looking forward to the pumpkin chocolate chip mini-cake that i ordered in my combo but when i got home it was some kind of german chocolate something . these hiccups wo n't prevent me from returning but maybe a reminder to staff that attention to detail and an awareness that customers are paying attention to the things you say is in order . thank you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is great , clean place and nice staff . gave a 4 because they take forever . the line got so long with only one register open . gave me anxiety when ordering because i could feel the people behind getting annoyed . left the first time i was there because the line took soooo long and my lunch hour was being eaten up . second time i went through the drive thru which was not bad . third was tonight . they really need 2 or 3 people taking orders on a saturday night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best smoothies i have ever had ! such nice people working the til . 10 10 will be back . strawberry tsunami is worth a try ! very light & refreshing . so close to my house , i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible drive thru ... it takes for-ever ... i just ordered a non dairy berry smoothie and waited in drive thru for 17 minutes ... there was only one car ahead of me ... geeze ... i 'm not coming back here ... this is my second time ousting drive thru and the first time took just as long and all i ordered was a salad ... they really should n't have a drive thru ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so glad we gave this place a try ! the food was food was really good ! we will definitely be back ... .and with the family . price was great . ca n't wait to try all those delicious desserts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the upside down chocolate mousse was a quick stop ... place looks really nice it 's not that big but has decent amount of sweets and gift baskets and other stuff to buy . they also have a small space close to there check out some free tasting of cookies and breads which is really nice i just hope they out signs or someone to watch make sure people wo n't use there bare hands touching the food or provide . anyway the chocolate mouse was really good would come back and try the other pastries they have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never been disappointed with kneaders . sandwiches , soup , cinnamon rolls are all amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met with some friends for breakfast here for the first time . very cute country home style feel . they have some deal for unlimited french toast but i do n't know how anyone can get past the first plate . i got the pancakes and could n't even finish . my smoothie was delicious and brought home my pastry . this place has a meal deal like panera where you can get 1 2 breakfast half pastry along the sorts . it being first time here i was very undecided but my pancakes were delicious . came with a side of whip cream and strawberries . the home made maple syrup had a unique flavor i 've never had before which was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant . had lunch there . food was outstanding . what i love most is all the bakery goods . they have a huge variety and looks delicious . so impressed that i signed up for their rewards card . ca n't wait to try breakfast . parking lot is full all the time . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't physically been to this location . so this review is based on the food ordered from here . the first time i had their food was an office lunch . i was the person that put in all of our orders and somehow my order was of course the only one that was incorrect . my salad came with zero dressing . none . nada . everone else had a small container of dressing in their salad container . not me . the 2nd ( and most recent time ) my order was incorrect again . also a salad . this time , no croutons . the sandwich was correct and the food tasted very good though . so i 'll give them another try , but next time it 'll be in person and i 'll check my order before leaving .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it reminded me of panera except there is a huge array of sweets , such as pies , cake and brownies . i did n't see any lighter options . not a good place for watching calories . i was disappointed that their breakfast menu is very small they end availability from it promptly at 11am .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered two cappuccinos , and when i got them , they felt a little light . i opened the cup , and there was a solid two inches of not coffee between the lid and the liquid . frustrated , i called kneader 's , asking if it was normal for them to not fill up the coffee all the way . the manager explained that due to the amount of milk , coffee , and foam they put in , the coffee comes down to that amount , and they just have that one size cup to put the drink in . despite the fact that they did nothing wrong , they decided to throw me a free drink . the manager i spoke to , christopher , was very helpful , and made it known that customer satisfaction was his priority . aside from that positive anecdote , the staff is always friendly , and the food and coffee is always good . there may be a little bit of a line , but what do you expect , it 's a popular coffee shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the produce was very fresh and staff was very friendly . i highly recommend this for a quick lunch or light dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been here a few times since they opened normally it is good however , tonight was disappointing-the french onion soup first was not hot and i had to stand at the side counter and wait for someone to get a hot soup to me ... then when i started eating i discovered it was too salty ! i should have had a salad but was hoping the soup would have been good ! what a sad dinner tonight !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is pretty terrible . 3 of us each got a different sandwich and they were all bad . i got the surf sandwich i think , i could make the equivalent or better by getting some of albertsons seafood salad and throwing it on some hawaiian rolls . the only reason kneaders gets 2 stars and not 1 is there desserts . i do n't eats sweets myself , but everyone i know loves certain things like the german chocolate bread pudding , tarts , pies etc .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the food but they take forever ! ! ! ! ! ! i wrote this at the same time i wait here 25min and counting", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love kneaders ! their sandwiches are huge and their desserts are really good . if you have n't tried the raspberry bread pudding , it 's a must . this is one if those places like panera that are great because they 're a step above the typical fast food , but more casual and faster than an actual sit down restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is ok , coffee is good , service is a horrendous disaster ! ! wow ! rude , unhelpful and stressful . the young girl behind the counter was arguing about my daughters nut allergy when it was clear that the pastry had nuts ! ! she rolled her eyes and stomped off saying `` not my problem '' lol can you believe it ! ? this place is stressful to order and he kids working there are rude and just ignore . they have no clue what 's even going on . when we went in to order they got the whole thing wrong , thank goodness i looked in the box before i left . i was amazed how rude everyone was . i just asked the manager to refund me and then we left . do n't waste your time with this hole.. summary : rude staff , so so food , ok coffee , misguided and misrepresenting staff , not nut allergy friendly ! ! awful experience !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sitting in kneaders right now . after a 45 minute wait , we received our food . two ham and cheese croissant sandwiches two smoothies and a breakfast sandwich . absolutely ridiculous . when i went to the counter to ask what is taking so long , they replied most people order online . what ? ? then why am i standing here with 5 other disgruntled customers ? another woman who has waited as long as me said she wanted a refund and was going to leave . they handed her her food . no offer of a discount free brownie or cookie for her wait . unbelievable . i will not be back , and i live around the corner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is so slow ! ! if you plan on eating here you better have time to spare , ugh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted bread and panara was a little to far for dinner . i decided to check out this place and asked the cashier if she had sour dough . she said yes and i paid . it took about 10 minutes to get my bread sliced and bagged . i noticed my recipe said french bread when we got to the car but i figured she hit the wrong button . when i arrive home and opened the bread i noticed she gave me the complete wrong bread . i do n't mind french bread but that is n't what i ordered . when i order 1 item i expect it to be correct . very disappointed and probably wo n't ever be back . plus their prices are very high i will make the trip to another bakery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg i just had the best ham and swiss sandwich . i got it on ciabatta bread . i am so glad i tried this place and maybe deep down a little sad since i 'm probably just going to be massive soon from 5+ ham and swiss sandwiches a day . lol friendly staff and i got my food quick . oh , i also got a fruit tart and it was amazing as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was just ... okay ; the highlight was the french dip ; quite good except i found the bread a bit too thick ; the key lime tart and the chocolate mousse was just not good . do n't think i 'll be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "although their food is freshly made and homemade desserts , breads , soups orders to take a while even at the drive-through and there prices are a few $ $ $ been a few times and they always keep running out of certain bakery items or sandwich items in fact their harvest roasted vegetable sandwich which is on the menu they do n't even offer that anymore so they need to update things . service is always very friendly very helpful when ordering especially inside . and if you 're inside then you can see the wonderful selection of bakery goods and pies cakes brownies tarts wide selection of goodies . they also have custom baskets that they make and they do them seasonal as well all kinds a little cute retail items to buy fun place , but keep in mind they 're closed on sundays !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the french bread was delicious and priced reasonably . the zucchini while tasty crumbled upon cutting . access and ordering is a huge problem . there is inadequate room to peruse the many desert possibilities . one family of 4 plus myself and spouse were in line and there was no place to go . the entrance is way too cramped . proper customer service training is needed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! they have the best bread in town . the salads and sandwiches are huge and all made with fresh ingredients . the desserts are fantastic..especially the brownies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer , it is in the top 1 % and they offer samples of the soups . the cost is okay particularly if you split a sandwich . $ $", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time today and we were impressed ! super friendly staff.. very clean and cute inside . food was delicious ! we will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow great place ! great sandwich and soup combo meals , excellent selection of deserts . prices are pretty good , like some one else commented like panera but better . also a great assortment of smoothies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love fresh baked goods . i always get a veggie sandwich everywhere i go but i didnt like the taste of the harvest veggie sandwich . thats okay though . i put all the fillings in my potato soup and ended up dipping the bread . it ended up good like that actually . i wouldnt order that again but i would come back again to try anything else . the desserts and pastries look amazing . its conveniently right off the freeway which i love .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the 2 stars is only because the food is good . no issue with the food- the service and people working here are awful . drive through gets the order incorrect every.single.time . a man who appeared to be the manager , was extremely rude when i told him that there is an issue every time i come . he was not apologetic , he was not understanding , in fact he did n't speak at all when he handed me my food and slammed the window shut . i will never be back to this kneaders.a shame .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here 2 days ago and the line was to the door . i decided to tough it out because their dessert menu looked so good . i waited for about 30 min before i could actually order ! ! insane ! ! one cashier took orders . there were about 6-7 other people working and i do n't know why they did n't help ? ! ? it seems they were all focused on the drive-thru orders rather than the long line inside . i finally ordered & decided on a whole pumpkin cheesecake . $ 32.99 ? ! ? ! i wanted my whole family to try it so i got it because one slice is $ 3.99 ! ! ! after trying a piece at home this is definitely not worth $ 32 ! ! ! i can get a better tasting cheesecake at costco and it would be half the price ! will never be coming back . i 'll go to panera where the have their stuff together . horrible service at kneaders , cheesecake . save your time and your well earned money ! ! do n't come here ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! i just had a great breakfast here ! had the cinnamon pecan pancakes and an egg ham and cheese croissant sandwich . pancakes were perf ft as well as the sandwich ! highly recommend this place for breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for breakfast . first timer and we will be back ! finally found an excellent breakfast spot close by . the food is phenomenal but better than that is the customer service . chris is absolutely outstanding . he will brighten your day and make you feel like you 're a regular . every business needs a chris . his level of customer service is superior .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here three times , two times i went inside and once through the drive thru and have been disappointed each time . the first time i had a salad with chicken & strawberry which did n't have very much flavor and it was on the small side . this was during their first week of opening so i decided to give it another try and went through the drive thru to get two sandwiches ( both panini ) & once i got home i noticed my order did n't have the side included and the sandwich barely had enough meat to make one half of a sandwich . my husband was disappointed in his sandwich as well . the third time i went inside with a friend to have breakfast and decided on the french toast . it was cold and dry so i asked for a replacement and ended up with another cold , dry breakfast . it was n't even warm enough for the butter to melt . i wanted to like this place but i wo n't be returning . i 'll drive a little farther and get zupas or panera .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the nicest staff ever works here . the free samples are amazing . everything we ate was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ok. nice service , military get free fountain soda , no wifi . had the $ 7 pastrami on rye , no rolls available . sandwich was served quickly , cold . may be back if group attends , but not going to be a regular .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is good , but that 's where it all ends . there is always a line out the door and only one register open . staff is semi friendly , always the same excuse that they are understaffed . nobody seems to care when i bring up the line and waiting time ... very substandard .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time today . food was delicious , staff was friendly , and their raspberry pastries were amazing . love this place so far . will be back for certain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a perfect place for friends to meet and eat with pleasure . staff is friendly and helpful . sandwiches , soups , salads , desserts , bread - even coffee - is excellent . a very good place for all ages . recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time we come in , it 's always clean and spiffy . very neat and professional , and the front desk people are friendly . doctor is knowledgeable , friendly and very pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where do i start when you first walk in the lobby is clean and spiffy . check in the front desk receptionist is kind and knowledgable she explains your paperwork and lets you know if you need help to bring it up . getting to the back is a quick and easy process i do n't think i wait more than a minute in the lobby back office nurses medical assistants are always kind and calm when collecting information why you are there . dr. daulat and staff has been amazing she is knowledgeable and caring . she listens to your concerns and questions . her staff is knowledgable , friendly and helpful . i would recommend dr. daulat to all my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience at mohave derm , dr daulat was very insightful and down to earth . it 's very clear she is passionate about her profession ... highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad i called and made this appointment for my 12 yr. old son . from the staff to the doctor everyone was so nice . i love the doctor 's personality and how he made my son laugh . i would definitely recommend this clinic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally do n't write reviews on here , but seema was extremely helpful and i thought i would this time . highly recommend ... she really knows her stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited to have my appointment today and the doctor and helper were super discouraging ! they were just complaining over and over about my insurance and how both of my daughter and myself did n't need anything but their retinal ? ! ? which was over $ 80 ! i had lots of questions for the dermatologist which i drove all the way across town to go to this appointment and he literally walked out of the door while i was still asking questions . his energy was as if he was super defeated with his patients and just could n't stand one more patient asking questions . i was just a number here not a person who was looking for some knowledge and help . but they definitely wanted me to have this retinal ! ! ! do n't go here if you are looking to build an authentic relationship with a clinic that wants to resolve your problems !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "liebe gr\u00fc\u00dfe macht weiter so komme immer wieder gern zu euch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wollte mir eine neue ps3 inkl . kompletten zubeh\u00f6r kaufen . wahr leider etwas fr\u00fcher da , als es die \u00f6ffnungszeiten erlauben . der verk\u00e4ufer bemerkte mich auch , aber lies aber zu verstehen geben , dass ich noch warten m\u00fcsste . nach dem die 3-4 verk\u00e4ufer sinlos im laden herum gestanden sind und sich einen abgelacht haben , wurde der laden auf die sekunde genau aufgemacht . als ich es zur sprache brachte , dass sie auch etwas fr\u00fcher aufmachen k\u00f6nnten , da ich ja einen gr\u00f6\u00dferen einkauf t\u00e4tigen wollte , kam kein verst\u00e4ndnis . \u00f6ffnungszeiten sind \u00f6ffnungszeiten hies es . daran merkt man gleich , dass der laden nicht auf gr\u00f6\u00dfere ums\u00e4tze angewiesen . scheinbar ist der chef , oder die verk\u00e4ufer nicht daran interessiert auf die kunden bed\u00fcrfnisse einzugehen . es heist zwar immer , mann soll die kleinen l\u00e4den unterst\u00fctzen , aber bei dem schlechten und unfreundlichen kundenservice kann ich jeden nur raten in dem dort gelegenen saturn zu gehen . meine ps3 inkl zubeh\u00f6r und spiele f\u00fcr rund 430eur habe ich dann doch lieber beim saturn liegen lassen . ich kann jeden nur raten den laden zu meiden .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wenn ihr einen shop mit an-und verkauf von videospiele sucht , dann geht in dieses gesch\u00e4ft ! ! ! das lohnt sich wirklich ! gute auswahl an videospielen , darunter auch gebrauchte spiele von den \u00e4lteren konsolen wie nes , snes usw . und f\u00fcr leute , die wild auf sammelkarten sind , wird auch hier das herz h\u00f6her schlagen . darunter pokemon , yu-gi-oh und magic . ihr k\u00f6nnt euch auch dort mit den karten in einem r\u00e4umchen duellieren . ein echt klasse laden . und auch freundliche mitarbeiter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food that was ready in an instant . not the healthiest place to eat but great for a cheap lunch", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little place . good comfort food . nice people . definitely will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old fashioned `` greasy spoon '' -type restaurant with decent food at very decent prices . employees are good people . i 've had the breakfast , and the burgers and fries . all good , and the prices ca n't be beat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza is not good . the place is not clean . i miss theresa 's . it 's a one man show and he ca n't handle it . super messy , i will not go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza was excellent . crispy thick crust . owner is a character . nice small dining room . we had a half sausage , half pepperoni . totally hit the spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bottom line at this clinic is $ $ $ $ $ . i was mistaken about this place for several months . they are nice enough and friendly enough and you get free water , and cookies and a lovely facility but you do not get quality veterinary care . avoid this place like the plague ! they recommended unnecessary surgery and prescribed unnecessary and expensive meds for my dog . but that 's not the worst - the vet failed to inform me that further testing had been recommended on the pathology report to rule out lymphoma ( cancer . ) because of this , two months passed before the diagnosis of lymphoma was made on my precious girl , delaying treatment and shortening her remaining time . this vet also failed to refer me to an oncologist after the diagnosis was made , instead recommending that they administer the expensive chemotherapy treatments . unconscionable !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service here is great - but be prepared to spend way more than other vets . maybe it 's the overhead costs that drive the prices up or the great building , but prices are about double that of other vets . quality is there , service is excellent . 3 out of 5 due to the value for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "six months ago my 8 year old lab pittie mix injured both of her back knees and was in need of surgery . dr. pullen suggested and performed a tta surgery on both of her knees . the surgery was not cheap but we were given the option to use carecredit to pay it off over time . we were given very good instructions on how to care for her as she recovered . we were required to bring her in once a week for the first 6 weeks so that her progress could be monitored . her surgery and follow care resulted in a very happy dog who can now run around again pain free . the surgery center is very clean , the staff is great and they have great procedures in place to avoid your pet getting infections . i highly suggest this veterinary center if your pup needs surgery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been taking our dogs to amsc for years and have had nothing but good experiences . the facility is beautiful and very impressive . the front desk staff are very helpful and friendly , and the medical staff listens carefully to the owners and takes great care of their patients . all of the doctors are professional and knowledgeable . dr. wheeler has always been wonderful to work with . he gets right down on the floor with our dogs and always address our concerns carefully and competently . he 's very thorough and has a great 'bedside ' manner ( if you can call it that ) . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are about your pet , do n't use this vet . thanksgiving eve , my 4 yr old dog was in excruciating pain and dying.they refused to help him unless they were given $ 5000.00 up front . they insisted he had to be admitted for an operation . my daughter begged them to , at least , sell her pain medication so he would stop suffering . the reply was no , unless she admitted him . the next day , we were able to get a vet to look at him for a $ 95.00 fee . they asked if they could x-ray him to see if they should perform the operation . of course , we agreed but they felt the dog was too far gone to have the operation , so sad , the dog was put down on thanksgiving day.i ca n't believe the callousness and inhumanity of the animal medical and surgical center.basically , the attitude was `` tough , the dog is in pain , money first . '' if i could minus 5 stars , i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so glad that i took my cocker spaniel , sophie to see dr. jha . she had a golf ball sized saliva gland on the side of her face . dr. jha and his staff were all very professional and caring . they all reassured me that sophie will be well taken care of . they went through the whole surgery procedure with me and answered all my questions . i felt very good leaving sophie in their care . dr. jha called me when he was about to start the surgery and called me again when it was over . i would definitely recommend dr. jha to all my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here is truly wonderful and caring . we came to them looking for a third opinion on our dog 's cancer . we had been greatly discouraged by the first two vets but were not willing to give up . dr. pullen and his staff are amazing . he and his staff truly treat your pet as if they really understand they are part or your family - your furry kids . the facility is also worth talking about . the inside is beautiful and they have fresh cookies ! it is very clean and completely caters to your pet . this is the best facility all around that i have found in az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whether your pup needs the best of specialty medical care or overnight lodging , this is an exceptional facility and staff . dr. pullen has addressed the specialty needs of two of our dogs and there is no one better in the profession . one of our dogs would not have been able to walk any longer if it was n't for his skills . the rest of the staff are friendly , caring and professional . and amsc offers the best boarding option -- 24-hour oversight in clean , attractive pens and the ability for you to watch them via your laptop while you 're away . it 's worth the peace of mind you get knowing that , if your pet suddenly needs medical care , their hospital is right on the floor below the boarding area . worth the drive wherever you are in the phoenix metro area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have boarded our dog at amsc a few times and have always been greatly satisfied . this is the first dog we have ever owned , after 30+ years of marriage . we know that our dog is well taken care of , well treated and loved . we like the fact that someone is on staff 24 7 . i learned of amsc for boarding from a few friends , all of whom were very satisfied . we are too . they charge a bit more but it is well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dachshund hurt his back recently . being a physician assistant with spine surgery experience , i started looking for a surgeon as soon as i saw signs of nerve damage . he was seen for an initial consult , had an mri and surgery in 4 days . dr. jha and the staff were wonderful ! they took great care of my boy and were very patient and informative . the facility is very clean and comfortable . i 'm so thankful that i stumbled upon amsc . i could n't have asked for a better experience for an already stressful situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our regular vet could not find the cause of my golden retriever 's limping so we asked the folks at arizona golden rescue for a recommendation and was given the name dr pullen . after x-rays and a ct scan we had a diagnosis and scheduled the surgery two weeks later just before christmas . because the holiday fell in the middle of his hospital recovery they would include an extra day at no charge . the staff kept us updated with progress reports the day of the surgery and dr. pullen called after jasper had been in recovery to let us know what had transpired during the surgery . the doctor even called on christmas day to update us . hoping for a quick recovery so jasper can go hiking again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this hospital . we have taken all of our 5 golden retrievers there . the doctors are much more competent , it seems to us , than the other vets we have been to . immaculate . loving and very good advice . we pass about 13 vets on the way to amsc . it is right near costco . anyone can find it . they have doctors there that i would go to myself . best care ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my labradoodle to dr. jha after she tore her acl . dr. jha performed tplo surgery for her . it has now been 2 months and i can tell you we had a positive experience from start to finish . dr. jha and his team ( especially nikki ) were professional and informative while also being nurturing . i feel good because i know lucky has been in excellent hands -- she 's even happy when we return for follow-up visits ! from the moment lucky came home from surgery , she was on the road to recovery . she healed beautifully . dr. jha and his staff gave thorough and helpful advise to assist lucky in healing and getting back to her regular physical routine . i strongly recommend dr. jha and animal medical and surgical center !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr pullen and his staff of dr are the only ones i really trust . whenever my dogs get sick , or need surgery this is where i take them . time and time again , the caring and the passion is what makes me feel like i am getting my dogs the best option and care possible . i have taken several of my dogs to him for various reasons. , ... and every time ... .he finds the best possible solution . most recently my 16 yr old dog is doing so much better after several different tries to find what was wrong ... dr pulens suggestions have ... so far ... . made a huge difference . thank you ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone at the office from the front desk with sarah and sandy , to the vet tech zach who my dog foxy absolutely loved , and dr ja who performed her procedure , was professional and kind . zach has a way with animals and really made me feel like he was going to take care of my dog as if it was his own dog and was very kind to her . dr. ja took time to speak to me on the phone and answer questions before we were even patients , most doctors would never do that . i would come here again for my dogs care in a heartbeat and you should too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pullen and his staff are above all else . the amsc veterinarians and surgeons are a cut above mayo clinic . the staff put their heart into keeping the animals safe and loved . my sheltie has gone here twice : once for a leg joint surgery and the next time was for a soft tissue growth removal . i ca n't say enough about this place and dr. pullen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our dog lucy was experiencing intermittent pain due to ivdd in her neck . after a few appointments and courses of action , we ended up at animal medical & surgical center under the care of dr. jha . dr. jha recommended surgery for the best outcome for lucy . we were very nervous parents , asking lots of questions and even canceling and rescheduling the surgery due to hesitations . making a decision to have your dog undergo a major surgery is an extremely tough decision and dr. jha and his team ( especially alexis ) was nothing but caring , understanding and truthful . the staff at animal medical & surgical center were empathetic and never made us feel like we were a burden when calling several times a day for information or questions . this facility is top notch and lucy 's recovery has been nothing short of extraordinary . she is two weeks post surgery and acting like its been two years - confirming we made the right decision . dr. jha is careful , caring and understanding and we could n't be more pleased with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grateful to the staff here for a simple & quick laceration repair for our boris . we spent nearly 90 minutes at blue pearl on williams & scottsdale road and walked out . these people took good care of us and we would bring our dogs here anytime we need emergency care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier sollen alle gesellschaftlichen gruppen , von kindergartenkindern bis zu senioren die m\u00f6glichkeit haben , n\u00e4her mit dem wald in kontakt zu kommen : durch riechen , h\u00f6ren , sehen , tasten : ganzheitlich ist das motto in den programmen und veranstaltungen , die deshalb auch vor allem drau\u00dfen stattfinden . es geht hierbei um eine gesamtheitliche betrachtung des waldes . mit offenen veranstaltungen und wechselausstellungen sollen br\u00fccken zu anderen themen , wie beispielsweise holzwirtschaft , kunst oder jagd geschlagen werden . hier erlebt man den wald mit allen sinnen . \u00fcberall gibt es etwas zu sehen , zu entdecken und zu erfahren . die dauerausstellung f\u00fchrt durch verschiedene bereiche des waldes : der baum - ein lebewesen , das gleichzeitig lebensraum ist , die jahreszeiten , tiere des waldes und waldwirtschaft . man kann vieles selbst entdecken , bewegen und erleben . zus\u00e4tzlich werden in der rotunde filme und diashows zu verschiedenen themen angeboten . \u00f6ffnungszeiten : di-fr . 9-17 uhr ; 1. und 3 . sonntag im monat 10-17 uhr", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier gab es am pfingstmontag ein angebot backen am lehmbackofen . das haben wir mit unseren kindern dann gleich mal ausprobiert . das haus des waldes ist eine sehr sch\u00f6n gelegene anlage auf der waldau . hier gibt es ein museum und viele erlebnisbereiche f\u00fcr gro\u00df- und klein . die highlights f\u00fcr unsere kids : - kletterhaus - dunkelraum mit taschenlampen - teich mit vieeeeelen kaulquappen den au\u00dfenbereich sind wir eigentlich nur abgelaufen , bei sch\u00f6nem wetter werden wir dem barfu\u00dfpfad und den kletterger\u00fcsten aber bestimmt nochmal einen besuch abstatten . der eigentliche besuchsgrund das backen geriet aus mehreren gr\u00fcnden etwas in den hintergrund . es war sehr viel los und die organisation des ganzen war etwas hemds\u00e4rmlig sodass das ganze nicht ganz rund lief . aufgrund der vielen anderen besch\u00e4ftigungsm\u00f6glichkeiten kein problem , kann aber verbessert werden . leider war nach einer guten stunde auch die versprochene hollunderbowle leer schade , die war lecker : ) einen stern abzug in der gesamtwertung gab es f\u00fcr die organisation und den gastrobereich , der optimiert werden kann . 4 sterne und auf jeden fall einen besuch wert so die familienwertung .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein kleines , aber sehr sch\u00f6nes `` museum '' ! wer mit seinen kids in der n\u00e4he wohnt , sollte einfach mal vorbei gehen . auch f\u00fcr schulklassen eine gute sache . schick gemachte und didaktisch clevere installationen , um kindern jeglichen alters das thema `` wald '' n\u00e4her zu bringen . der eintritt ist f\u00fcr einzelpersonen kostenlos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the stylist , genesis , exemplified customer service . not only did she listen , make suggestions and cut my hair to order , she made me feel like a valuable customer . she 's the kind of person who makes you want to do business with sport clips !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the haircut i received here was amazing , and the mvp treatment that was very relaxing . the store was clean , the staff was cheerful and friendly ... .and i was able to watch the nba playoffs while getting my haircut . i will not go anywhere else , thanks sport clips for a great haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best haircut in the area ! there is a discount if you show your vfw membership card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david is one of the hair stylist . he does a great job , . extremely professional and excellent hair stylist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going here since they opened . military guy so , i get my haircut once a week . never a bad haircut or experience . everybody is friendly and professional . owners seem to make a good presence . bonus , military discounts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff and great atmosphere . i always tell all my friends to go here too . it 's right by my house and they always do a great job and the vip treatment is worth the extra couple bucks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and haircut and the triple play is hard to beat after a busy day ! `` sam '' , thanks for the great service , rory", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they said the wait would be 20 minutes and i ended up walking out after 45 minutes of waiting . i 'm not really upset about the wait as much as the bad expectation setting . i 've had my haircut here before and they did ok , but i will be looking elsewhere in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "molly was very patient and understanding with my son who has special needs . it was nice to feel welcomed though my son 's haircut takes extra time . she accommodated his sensory issues in every way i requested . also they sell our favorite products for our boys . her compassion and kindness will bring us back as regulars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chelsea was fantastic . quick , precise , friendly , honest and pleasantly nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samantha was wonderful ! she really cared about myself and other customers . the place was packed , but she was able to touch base with everyone and let them feel valued . she never made me feel rushed even though the place was packed with waiting people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently got my haircut there , a couple days later i have a staph infection on where my neckline was shaved . not something i would expect from a highly regarded chain barbershop . i 'm hoping noone else has to experience this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lousy haircuts and lengthy waits always longer than promised . nosy owners are always coming in and getting in the way and trying to be your best friend . tip : hire better barbers and more of them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never been to a nicer sport clips ! ! i recieved the mvp , which was amazing ! lindsay , who was my stylist , did a great job . i will most certainly be back to this location . i loved the tea tree shampoo so much i purchased some there . great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "40+ visits since my initial review , i think it 's time for a little update . i do n't get food here . i rarely get hot drinks here . what keeps me coming back are the delicious , highly caffeinated iced coffees . i can get a large ( 32 oz ) for under $ 3 , and it 's always delicious . drive-thru service is always efficient and friendly . for my fairly simple needs , this dd is a-ok !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the contributors to killing the little man coffee shops but i still drink it 's cheap , sugary , creamy , hazelnutty , i swear amphetamine based coffee . iced in the summer ... .hot in the winter . this location is friendly and the service is quick both inside and outside . i do n't eat their doughnuts anymore but do enjoy a cheddar twisty bagel from time to time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the donuts are okay . the sweet tea was not very good . the service was so-so . first the donut selection is better than that of krispy kreme however the donut itself is not as soft so it 's a toss up . the ambiance at this location was non-existant . just tables and chairs . nothing too special . they did have seating outside but it seemed a little cramped . i went there during a slower time not many people in the store however the tables were dirty . it 's a bit too pricey for the service and quality received .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent flavored iced coffee at a really cheap price compared to most coffee places . not the best donuts but not horrible either i prefer winchell 's for donuts or since mom and pop donut shop . today , i got pumpkin munchkins which were good but i also got cinnamon and it was not even very sweet . come here all the time for affordable iced coffee though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up with dunkin donuts and i love them , i will choose dunkin over starbucks in a second . unfortunately the service here is lacking . if i were reviewing the coffee and drinks this would be a 5 star . the service is friendly , and when we ever had an issue it was indeed professionally solved . i think the there may be issues with their speaker system , we have asked for hot coffee and gotten iced more than once , instances like that . so if you are on your way to work repeat your order and clarify they are in the same boat . otherwise clean and quick . i will keep going , i just make sure they hear me correctly in the drive thru . it could be the best advice here ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service and closest to home , but they never seem to have chocolate creme filled donuts . boo hoo . maybe i should cut back ... lol . : p", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great dunkin donuts location ! we did the drive through and it was very fast service . the woman helping us was n't in the best of moods but she gave us a smile as we paid . i would recommend coming to this location if you 're in a rush and need to use the drive through .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stop here every sunday morning at 0630 for a box of joe and a dozen glazed donuts . the service here at this location is over the top .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come in for donut day . i ask for a dozen donuts . my cashier , laura rings me up . i then begin my order which donuts i would like . first , i ask for 4 chocolate long johns . she informs me that those donuts are not included in the dozen . i did n't really understand why they would n't be included with the dozen , i said fine , just charge me separately . i went on with my order , she filled my box with my 12 donuts . then she goes back to charge me for the long john donuts but over charges me for 6 long johns when i only got 4 long john . of course , she had to call a manager to do the refund . manager comes out from the back of the store who was extremely rude . did not offer an apology , and when i expressed how displeased i was with the customer service , the manager literally rolls his eyes at me . i wish i would have gotten his name .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this dd location keeps annoying me . their favorite word is `` out '' . we 're out of this , we 're out of that , the bakery was out of this and never sent it or corporate was out of that , yadda yadda . if you like excuses for breakfast this is the dd location for you . you can hop right off i-215 , get your excuses and a dozen donuts that were not quite what you really wanted and be on your grumbling way in about 10 minutes . oh and the coffee is not all that either . a bottle of starbucks frappuccino can be found in the cooler at the 7-11 a half block south and even that waxy stuff in a bottle will taste better than the dd stuff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars fast service , decent coffee , yummy breakfast sandwich . that 's all i can ask for ... ... except this time . i asked for one of those brownie batter donuts i 've been seeing commercials for . man , they look so good . the girl said , `` we do n't make them here and we ran out this morning . '' um ... you do n't make the donuts there ? minus half a star . and you do n't have anymore of the donuts there ? minus 1 star . i 'm being harsh here but if you do n't make the donuts on premise then you really ought to have enough on hand . otherwise a clean dd with decent service . i 'm sure i 'll update this ( hopefully with increasing star rating ) in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here on a daily basis and i ca n't believe i have n't written a review yet ! shame on me ! lol ! the only good thing about living out here is having a dd so close to me that stays open late ! i can honestly say i come here 3-4x a week and all of the staff is great ! yes it make take a bit of patience since i only see 2 employees on shift but patience is a virtue because they make my drink fantastic ! i 've never had a bad drink i did n't like , the coffee tastes fresh not stale or bitter either ! i 'm really not a fan of their donuts so i 'm strictly a fan of their iced coffee and i 'm addicted to it ! you know its bad when they already start making your drink for you before you can get to the counter and pay for it lol ! i have no issues with the staff , my drink is always consistently good and never any hiccups ! thank you dd for feeding my iced coffee addiction ! ^__^", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guys . you charge .99 for one donut but 5.99 for a half dozen . c'mon fix the sign . i have brought this before on premise but the argued the sign was n't wrong , but inside it 's still 5.99. fix the sign .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "james took initiative and went above and beyond for me when he did n't have to ! thanks for the great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids and i really like it here . it 's quaint , clean , and friendly . we will come here every sunday for the `` '' winter '' then it 's back to ice cream", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this dunkin is probably the best one i 've been to in the vegas valley . the service is fast and friendly , and i 've never had an issue with any of the food or drinks here . the original glazed are some of the best , and while i do n't particularly care for some of the `` specialty '' doughnuts ( i.e . cookie dough and blueberry pie ) the regular doughnuts are pretty good . the hubby also always orders a large iced latte with mocha . while i do n't particularly care for it , it is definitely a better deal than starbucks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "conveniently located right off of the freeway . love the drive-thru . from what i remember , the drive-thru flowed quickly . there was n't too long of a long on most days . good donuts . however , i was n't too fond of their coffee drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably worst dunkin donuts i ever ate the donuts was small and old ( disgusting ) i do n't recommend this location", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the last couple times i have gone to the drive through something has been messed up . i let it go the last time but today i called as i did n't get a receipt and wanted to make sure they did n't charge me . luckily they did n't but not even a `` oh sorry about that '' . i get it your busy but show a little better customer service and get the orders straight .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've read the simple singular complaint about this location , that `` they hardly ever have donuts '' .. ! and during several visits it 's been true but not always ( even if they have been a little stale at times ) . outside of that , i 've had few complaints . the service is generally friendly , usually quick ( though i have never used the drive-thru ) and the iced coffee pretty good . originally a boston boy , i was in 'dunkies ' withdrawal when i first got here . as a few locations opened , it was an adjustment for the sometimes blatant differences from the always busy , generally fresh , fully stocked locations back home but at the end of the day , it 's still dunkin ' donuts goodness .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i bought six donuts there yesterday . 3 were ok , 1 was old and 2 were probably several days old . i mean they were rocks . i will be unlikely to ever return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ice tea tasted like coffee today : ( yuck ! asked for extra ice , got nothing ... . sad day at dunkin", "score": "1"}
{"review": "can you please update store hours on yelp . i stopped by today at 4:15am expecting it to be open for my crew and the doors were locked and said 5am on door . if hours are 5am that 's cool , just adjust accordingly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big fan ! i always get my morning coffee here . if going thru drive thru check your order for accuracy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pricing is a+ ; customer service is lacking . it is hit or miss with how you 're treated . i have never been `` wowed '' by their customer service honestly . it is either they look like they 're miserable working there ( & believe me it shows ) or they are dazed & just going through the motions . hardly see smiles . coffee is dunkin coffee , wish they would learn some basic barista terminology . donuts , well , everybody knows the donuts are not fresh . still good though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the girl who served me today was very nice and helpful ! she even gave a sample of a munchkin to make sure i like it before i buy it . also , right now medium lattes are 99c 12pm onwards !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yay ! it 's back up to five stars ! in my previous three-star review , i addressed some issues related to service and how they stock products . guess someone has been listening ( i also complained in person ) , because a lot of those problems have been rectified . the morning crew is a lot more friendly these days and have done a better job keeping their items in stock and ready . i have been there every day this week and have received stellar service , fresh donuts , and delicious coffee . oh ! and i finally tried one of their breakfast sandwiches ! i 'm absolutely addicted to the turkey sausage egg white flat . it 's gotten so bad that i have had one for breakfast and then gone back to eat my dinner at the dunkin donuts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is always a hit or miss . i always bring my kids after their doctors appointment to get some donuts . the staff is always busy . there are always 8 people working but not one at the cashier tending to the huge line that forms . i have been there when a customer simply says `` busy day , huh ? '' and the cashier replied with a rude tone and facial expressions . some days they have nothing to do so they start to have a conversation with me , which i 'm okay with . it is always clean and always have somewhere to sit at .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , i have a kinda love hate relationship with dunkin . i like the coffee and the wifi . when i 've been up all night i like going there in the morning to chill and people watch cuz i 'm a weirdo like that . great location being right across from the hospital . sadly , the donuts taste like crap . they taste like they were dipped in chemicals . it 's like they were baked by monsanto . i 've tried a different variety of the donuts hoping maybe it 's just a certain kind that tastes weird , but no . the employees there are ok , they have their good and bad days ; but now that they are getting to know me they are friendlier . i like going there for the coffee and the breakfast sandwiches , but the donuts are pretty tragic . confused face", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my bf and i have started a new tradition of weekend coffee . i am not a big coffee drinker but after trying starbucks , mcd 's this was next on my list to try . yum . i didnt order donuts or anything else but i was tempted to order breakfast after reading about their offerings on the eat this not that emails i get . next time i stop by i will have to try their breakfast and update my review . i will note that the coffee was about the same price as other places but they did fill it quite low to the line , like an inch !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my 2nd time at a dunkin donuts and the cherry filled donuts with tea was awesome . on a great strip of stores in henderson", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to try the new breakfast sandwich - the smokehouse sausage - today ... and well ... . it was awesome ! the sausage had really good flavor and everything was cooked perfectly . i was especially impressed that it looked really close to the picture on the website . that never happens . i will definitely order this breakfast sandwich again . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent doughnut shop . i usually just get a regular glazed doughnut and an iced coffee . do n't expect anything amazing or spectacular when you come here . there 's usually a line in the morning so if you 're running tight on time , i 'd pass . the wait time is a hit or miss . i 've waited 5 minutes for a cup of coffee , and other times they had it ready by the time i got to the window .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a craving that only dunkin ' donuts could satisfy . i love the variety of the menu items and there 's enough seating . i 'm happy they also have wifi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm ... anytime for donuts ! ! ! now there not warm nor soft . lil disappointed but i still ate my donut glazed holes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "donuts were nothing special . poor attitude from woman working behind counter . unfriendly , rude . apparently one apple fritter counts as two donuts ? i 've never heard of that before . considering it was n't even that big , it 's below average in size and taste . expensive . it was n't worth it for the quality of the experience ( the rude woman ) and basically getting four donuts for an overpriced half a dozen . what a rip off . highly disappointed , would n't go again for this unmemorable donut experience . i was really looking forward to it too , considering there 's no dunkin 's where i come from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loving twinsburg hot yoga ! like any good relationship there 's ups and downs-we did n't start off too well , but with communication and second chances it 's all good ! i 've had the pleasure of having all three instructors and i 've learned something new with each one . so friendly and genuinely concerned for my success ! hot yoga is a great supplement to marathon training . it has helped my it band issues to the point i did n't need a cortisone shot . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was stoked to find a bikram yoga studio nearby my parents ' house in kent . i 've lived on the west coast for 10+ years and began have practicing hot yoga since 2010 . it 's been such a positive influence in my life and i wanted to check out this studio while i was home for a few days to see my family . my only regret is being able to get in just one class during my visit ! patti checked me in and taught the class i attended , and was very warm in welcoming me to the studio . great class , studio , and facilities to use post-class to shower , change , etc . i will definitely visit again and would recommend to anyone new or a veteran of the practice . namaste ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hot yoga studio , dropped in from out of town and wonderful facility and instruction recommend", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for my first bikram class ever , and it was a delight ! the atmosphere inside was so welcoming to newbies like me ( tracie is a great instructor ) and each step of the class i felt motivated being around more seasoned yogis , not embarrassed about my own lack of technique . the hot room is definitely a challenge and i had to sit down a couple times but with a little teeth-gritting you 'll make it through the whole session no problem . i loved my experience and even signed up for a month of classes ! i ca n't wait to come back more and get stronger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are so happy we found a great shop for our cars . we 've been taking both our vehicles here since november '10 and we have always been glad we chose a2 auto repair . some things my husband likes about the place : the owner , will , is upfront and honest . you do n't feel like you are getting ripped off here . he will tell you what repairs your vehicle needs but does n't push anything on you . however , we appreciate that he tells you what needs to be fixed because of safety reasons . prices are reasonable . it 's never fun spending money on repairs and car maintenence ... but it helps that he has a military discount . we 've recommeneded this place to some of our friends who have brought there cars here and they too have had good experiences . the only thing i do n't like is that it is n't in the best part of town , but this place still deserves 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my alternator went out in my lexus and i got several quotes and the prices were absolutely ridiculous . lexus dealership quoted me 1500.00 and i decided to go with a2 and it saved me 800.00 . will referred me to a towing company and charged 55.00 flat which was the cheapest tow quote too ! ! very happy with the work they did . he was honest and got the job done quick . highly recommend will at a2 he was great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a2 did my synthetic oil change and also changed my brake pads and machined ( ? ) my brake rotors ( not sure if i 'm calling parts by their correct names ) for much cheaper than another auto shop quoted me . i feel like they 're honest , fairly priced , and respectful , which is important to me as a female . they were also really nice customer service-wise . a good auto shop is hard to find , & i 'm so glad i found these guys ! when shopping for quotes , i definitely recommend you give them a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed my ac checked because it was only blowing hot air , so i called a2 auto and spoke with will and he told me to bring my jeep over and they will do a diagnostic test to see what 's going on . found the problem and after all that was said and done , he should have at least charge me $ 80 but he did n't . will , i will be hitting you up in a couple of weeks , so we can get my ac work done ! i will definitely continue to go here to work done and i will also highly recommend this place to others . thanks will ! respectfully , darrell", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : i 've used a2 a couple of times for small issues and have been treated well . both times it was `` no charge '' . today i had a tune up and troubleshooting on my f150 . will scheduled me the next morning and had it done that day . when i came in to get my pickup , he showed me a video of the diagnostics both before and after . i felt in control and informed . well done . this shop is now my go-to shop . i 've been treated more than fair every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my regular auto shop closed , i checked out the reviews on yelp & found auto rx . i called , took my car in that day , & after they found the problems & a price quote , i decided to go with them for my 3 problems . note : i had gone to a place closer to home that found only 2 problems but cost $ 350 more ! my car was ready the next day . i 'm really happy with will & auto rx that they 're my auto shop now ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mechanic i 've been too thus far , prices are fair and honest . i 'm writing this review in the shop right now . will comes out and tells an older lady exactly what 's wrong with her car , but to her he 'd might as well be speaking spanish because not a word of what he was saying was getting across to her . so he takes her in the back and explains the parts and what it does and why it needs to be replaced , it 's a days work and she does n't have a ride so he offers to take her home ... what more of an first impression do you need ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "straight as an arrow . honest mechanic , prices , and work . went in to get my timing belt done and got my timing belt done . had best price and showed me the old parts that were replaced . also replaced my old seatbelts that werent working . this is how mechanics are suppose to be . not the ones that dont give damn about your car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will is one of the nicest , most sincere person i have ever dealt with in my entire life when it comes to auto shops . my car had all sorts of things wrong with it . he explained what was wrong with it , other possible problems , and gave me the different options i had with it . no doubt , i have a new auto shop to go to for the rest of my life and i would refer anyone to this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally found an honest and friendly auto mechanic in the city of las vegas . been here twice and a2 auto has already saved me thousands of dollars in repairs on my scion compared to the dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here for 2 years of repairing my car.the guys fixed the problems all the time.if one problem happened again , they would check out it and wouldnt charge me more money.i really recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are different than your standard garage . most places do n't hire techs , they hire parts switchers that guess what is wrong , switch the part , and hope that fixes it . there is one tech there who 's name escapes me is one of the best diagnostic tech i know in the area . he has his lab scope and knows how to use it to ensure they replace the correct part and know the issue will not return . i will be coming back for diagnostic work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will and his guys stayed late to replace my front and rear brakes . he even had one guy search high and low for a a rare brake line so that i could have my 1998 jeep xj finished the same day . the prices were reasonably cheaper than firestone and other auto repair shops in las vegas . this is the only repair shop in las vegas that has n't upsold me or try to scam me . definitely going there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to replace my hub bearing on dodge . did a great job . very honest mechanic . will use again . thanks will", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about the great customer service will at a2 has provided . i called two other places ( dealership and auto service repair chain ) to compare prices and 1 ) no one had prices as reasonable and 2 ) the customer service had been above and beyond . thanks so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car started overheating so i called around to a few different places . not only was william the quickest to get back to me but the price was much less expensive . it has been a few weeks now and my car is still doing great ! he even gave me a ride home and stayed late to make sure the work was done . thanks a lot guys , i 'm very grateful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to a2 auto , after finding it on yelp . after a great price we got on the repairs and friendly service . we will recommend to our friends , if they have misfortune of needing repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car in to get my brakes replaced . will called with a quote and i approved the work beforehand . i left my car there at noon and i was worried i would not have my car back until the following day . fortunately , it was available to be picked up at 5pm that same day . the prices are affordable and fixes are done in a timely fashion . my car is toyota and they made sure to use japanese parts . i feel confident to have my car fixed here anytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one year later , numerous trips to san diego & all parts of arizona . not 1 problem w my truck ! feels brand new again ! thanks will @ a1 auto repair for saving me $ 40grand ! have personally recommended a1 to all my family & friends . they are located off decatur & 95 past ford dealership & golf course . tell'em i sent you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will and his crew are the best ... .very fair and affordable ... highly recommended ... .i have a 2003 jetta..been coming for a few years ... .always satisfied with the service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bull shitt place had me waiting 30 minutes not even ask what did i need i try to ask several times never got to me good luck to you guys if that 's the kind of service they have", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took my audi here about a year ago and the service was great . will was a super nice guy . the biggest thing was i trusted that i was getting fair and honest service from a mechanic ! ! ! ! the only bad thing is the location is really busy with traffic but i suppose that 's a good thing for the business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not take your vehicle to these people . they do not back up there work and warranty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "will and his guys are awesome . he is fair priced and does quality work . only guy in vegas that i trust with my gt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have finally found my go to mechanic ! took care of my bmw today for an unreal price . fantastic service ! i would highly recommend anyone with car trouble to hit up this mechanic today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just picked up my 97 suburban from will . had it painted . will took the extra time to make sure the project came out right . really happy with the job done . will continue to take my autos to him for repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! they have an amazing sushi buffet and a hibachi bar to go along with their regular buffet . the service is always friendly , plus they have super afforable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is what you expect at a chinese buffet and they do a pretty good job of it . they have a very large selection that includes chinese , american , and a very limited amount of sushi . they have a number of healthy options such as broccoli chicken and a small salad bar , so even if you are on a diet , you could get a healthy lunch for $ 6.95 . i had not tried this place based upon the bad reviews on yelp . imho : those bad reviews are baseless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had been here once last year and forgotten why i had n't been back . oh , yeah , now i remember . this place sucks ! the food is bland and uninteresting . the usual items you see in every chinese buffet , but without the flavor . a few items puzzled me . mac and cheese at a chinese restaurant ? ? cut up hot dogs wrapped in bacon ? ? ? smoked sausage ? ? really ? ? ? ? if you do n't like chinese food , why are you in a chinese restaurant ? the server had only one thing to remember , our drink order , and she got it wrong . the place stunk of fried food and i had to change my clothes when i got home and wash up to get rid of the stench . one star is way too generous . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good and inexpensive ! = ) i 'm a fan , it 's just not the absolute best i 've ever had", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've used brand x a couple of times now , most recently for a group halloween costume . they are very patient , however , you must provide the creativity . in my experience , it works best if you come with your own design -- not just as an idea in your head but executed artwork . i like that they keep the artwork on file , in case you want to reprint ( or print additional ) . the quality both of the shirts and the actual printing are very good and they 're quick !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brand x is the best ! they can make up any fancy old design you can come up with in a flash ! i have used them several times for our group walks , work gatherings and for gifts . they also have some pretty kick ass art work in there as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only did justin ( one of the digital designers ) design the perfect shirt for me , he went above and beyond to find the exact phrase that i wanted even though he had to ask 4-5 other staff members and even place a phone call to find it . he was responsive when i gave input in the design , he listened well to my needs , and he gave on-point recommendations when he noticed something could be improved . on top of all of that , my order was printed and ready to go within a few hours , which was way ahead of my deadline . the price was a little high and i had to wait 20 minutes to see an artist , but for the quality of service and final product it was worth the time and money spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they make nice stuff but it 's not amazing . they have a lot of hidden costs such as $ 7 because you did n't buy the shirt there . they claim are a set up fee but things are all done on the computer ... .. $ 7 to type ? ! when it 's all said and done you have paid for $ 2 of work and $ 14 of fees . i 'll gladly take my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` when do you need the shirts by ? '' `` how soon can you make 'em ? we got a game tonight at 9 . '' concerned look on shane 's face , `` i 'm pretty sure i can do that . '' he did . i needed five shirts for my league team with a big logo on the back and different numbers on the front . i went into the shop around 4:30 pm and got a call around 8 pm saying the shirts would be ready by 8:30 . i cut it close but the man delivered . shane was very friendly and helpful . i got a 10 % discount for ordering a `` quantity '' i brought the tees to my team and they all loved the shirts . they dug the design , the p.e . shirt style , material and the fit . oh , and by the way , we won all three games of our match that night . i 'll be going back to brand x .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys should become a marketing & sales company since that 's all they do well . terrible screen printing . and they did n't own up to their mistake and stuck me with it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used brand x on multiple occassions , for both work and personal needs , and each time they have surpassed my expectations ! brand x is the only custom t-shirt shop i have found that work with very last minute requests ( that 's the only way i ever do it ... ) every time i send in a request , i get a quote and mock the very same day , and the shirts are complete within 1-2 days . i usually work with phil and he is awesome ! great customer service and the shirts jackets always turn out awesome . i would recommend brand x for anyone 's printing needs ! they are so easy to work with , affordable and provide a great product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience with brand x was nothing short of awesome . courteous , helpful , responsive staff . great looking final product . amazingly quick turnaround time ( tip : it 's quicker if you order the next level brand , and the shirts are really nice ! ) . we provided the basic design and asked them if they could add an effect to our text . they said it could be done easily , and the result was perfect ! i was really just flat out impressed with this place . i 'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a custom t-shirt shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a shirt from brand x pretty much 100 % online and submitted my own artwork . they did a very nice job of calling me to confirm my order and talk through exactly what i wanted . they sent me a proof along with my quote and then a second proof after a wanted some minor changes . it 's very clear that the staff works as a team and they did a nice job on the shirt that i had produced . the reason for a four and not a five star , -- - the website was a little bit clunkier than some of the other t-shirt design websites online , but i wanted to spend my money locally . i wanted to spend my money in tempe . i would recommend this store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called them up explained to amber what i wanted and she nailed it perfectly . prices not to bad for a custom shirt and i like how you can just have 1 made instead of more . i just wish parking was free closer to them : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't rave enough about the whole team at brand x ! i have made countless shirts and am always blown away by their customer service , attention to detail and responsiveness . i have a tendency to be a bit high maintenance in my creative process , changing colors , sizes , deadlines.. ok , by high maintenance , i mean i can be a nightmare but everyone at brand x is always on it . the owner charles is as good as they come , michelle is a creative mind reader and phil is so organized and responsive . i have shopped their prices and they are super competitive , despite their awesome mill ave location . the shirt selection is outstanding , i am currently obsessed with the slouchy sweatshirt they have , i think the line is called bella . i live in mine . i could go on and on , but just go make a forking shirt , do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff went out of their way to get a shirt done for me within an hour . i picked out a shirt , sat with a designer and told him exactly what i wanted and that 's what i got . they were in the middle of a huge job of shirts for a tweetup , but snuck my shirt in there and called me when it was done . they even brought it out to my car so i did n't have to find parking on mill ave again ! ! stellar customer service , tons of options . and better than the online places because of near instant gratification .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a small side business and have used brand x to produce my product , polo shirts and t-shirts . i have been very satisfied with the service i 've received from them , helping me to get the right colors , etc . i have had super favorable feedback on the shirts . delivery date has always been met . definitely recommend brand x .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lost count of how many shirts i 've made here . my favorite is my `` i like to shoot things '' shirt , which was an idea in my head that the brandx designers were able to put into pictures . i love their creativity and what they can come up with for a simple phrase . i only wish i had more creative ideas for them to make into shirts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the world needs to know how amazing brand x is ! on a serious note : brand x has superior customer service , emails are answered in a timely manner or more like..right away and turnaround time is quick ( depending on what you need ) . you do n't have to live in arizona ! ! just shoot these guys an email and they will take very good care of you ! thank you phil x and charles x ! ! vin-t bikini loves you and your staff : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand x is an original , and unique custom t-shirt store . i have been going there for years . i will come up with a cool idea for a t-shirt for myself , or a friend , and they have the talent to put it all together . the owners , and the graphic desighners are all very talented and helpful . for those who have never been there , it is a 3 step process . 1 . you pick out the style shirt you would like . 2 . then you choose the font style and colors . 3 . then you can add any additional graphics you may like . you actually get to sit with the designer , on the computer and create your idea together . the pricing is very reasonable . around $ 30.00 a pop . the advantage is you will be the only person to have the t-shirt you created . also , a very cool idea for a personalized gift for someone . to my friends at brand x.. you guys rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing company ! we ordered our company shirts through brand x and the quality of the shirts were fantastic . they made the process very simple and were super quick to getting us our shirts . i would only go to brand x for your custom shirt needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shirt was purchased by me for a bachelorette party . i provided `` exactly '' a matching shirt that showed what to write and it still wa still took 1.5 hours with a `` designer . '' i get the shirts on the way to the airport and see that they spelled before as 'beofre ' and i was pissed . i called and spoke to a girl and she was like oh well i 'll have my manager call you . he has n't . i 'll have my credit card company deal with it . update : after my review the store did call me . super weird , they kind of apologized and stated they should 've caught it . and my friend who dropped off the shirts and picked them up should have . i was confused since i sent via email exactly what i wanted and gave zero authorization for them to change it , especially with the girl dropping off the shirt and bill me for it . thank goodness i have my email i sent them and a picture . my card company just laughed and gave me a temporary credit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never been to a shop like this before and it was awesome . they walked me through the process and helped me to get a shirt even better than what i pictured . i will be back many times to this fine establishment . thank you brand x. toronto", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at the last minute before a family vacation , we decided to do tshirts for everyone . brand x could not have been more accomodating . they turned the shirts around quickly , were patient with us during the design phase and the price was very reasonable . the best part is the tshirts they use are great quality . modern cut and great fabric . everyone loves them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much for the personal touch and creative ideas . richie was fantastic to work with and it made our t-shirt making experience fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used brand x custom t-shirts for many projects and personalized shirts in the last 2years..their staff goes above and beyond with getting them to you quickly , suggest ideas , sends you proofs to make sure its perfect..i recommend them to even friends and family out of state since they offer mailing for products..i wo n't use any other company ever i always get the most compliments on my shirts that are custom made from brand x", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing quality and service . james , you tha man ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! i had designed , ordered , and paid a huge premium for rush shipping on a batch of shirts from zazzle for my step-son ' s karate team for their big yearly tournament . a week went by and no shirts and no updates from zazzle . when i finally got a hold of the customer service it sounded like they were in a shipping container somewhere over the pacific . they said oops , forgot to make your order , nothing we can do about it , you 'll get a refund in 7 to 10 days . with no time to spare i immediately rushed down to brand x ( the little shop i 'd walked by on mill ave a dozen times but never went in ) and they put together a killer shirt and had them done by 4pm the next day ! the shirts looked great , were a third the price of zazzle , and no shipping charge ! i 've used zazzle and cafe press before but never again . this will definitely be my go-to custom graphic design shop from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand x is awesome . i have used them multiple times for large-quantity orders for my personal training studio and have been impressed every time . excellent price , great customer service and quality control . they also have very cool shop with tons of inspiration . use brand x and you will definitely be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time customer here , and i am so happy with my order . the artwork was perfect and the quality of the shirts is fantastic . i will definitely use brand x again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the designer who i worked with to get my artwork onto a tee was very helpful and suggested an alternative to my original plan that really helped me enjoy the product more ( using a light shirt and transparent inks instead of a dark shirt and white ink underlay ) . love my tee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time we 've ordered with brand x we 've had nothing short of a wonderful experience . we 've printed at a few other local shops and you guys by far have the best customer service . i always go to you first for our company apparel . thanks so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had 20 shirts made for a fourth of july party in san diego and they turned out perfect . every step of the process was so easy , everyone i talked to at brand x was amazing , and everyone loved the shirts ! ! ! i will definitely be back next year and any other time i need custom apparel made : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i meant to write this a while ago , but 5 stars in customer service ! i had a batch of shirts made for the ohio university dance team 's reunion at homecoming in 2012 . the shirts were set to be done a day before i flew out . i went to pick them up and they had a huge square outline from the heat press which discolored the shirt . i was not happy - they looked pretty amateur - so i decided to ask for a discount at the least . they did me one 12x better - the manager came up and said he could overnight order the exact same shirts ( they did n't have them in stock ) and could re-do them in the next morning so i could take them on my evening flight . they even offered to ship them out to ohio if i was n't able to pick them up . whole re-do of the order free of charge . 100 stars for your service brand x . great product too ! the team thought they were the best shirts they had seen in years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never been here before but i really wanted to get an awesome gift for a friend 's birthday . i called and spoke to ryan for details and was quickly educated and on my way . when i got there , there was a few others waiting . the process was quick and painless , but the wait was brutal . i was there nearly 2 hours just to get with a designer . then another hour to get my shirt printed . luckily , they had a super nintendo with mario world to keep me entertained . this place does pretty much everything under the sun with high quality and justified pricing ! ! i will be returning in a few months for more gifts . it 's worth the 2 hours trip from flagstaff for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin was amazing ... and deserves an immediate raise ... and i am honestly not even related to him ! from the first moment my daughter and i walked in to brand x , kevin completely helped me through the process of designing the logo to ordering the colors , sizes , and paying for the order within minutes ... it was so easy and streamlined . my order was completed the following week and i was emailed the confirmation , picked my stuff and thanked kevin again for his creativity and positive energy that he brought to our brand x store experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in with a general idea of what we wanted on our shirts & they helped us perfect the design quickly . the turn around time was crazy fast . the prices were competitive . i had such an amazing experience it 's inspiring me to make custom shirts for everything i do ! thank you guys ! i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just picked up my shirt that i ordered yesterday ! i ca n't say enough good things about this place . super fast , friendly , and patient . alexander seemed super knowledgable and answered any questions i had . prices are reasonable . shirt feels super comfy and looks awesome . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used brand x for multiple shirts and hats to give as presents for birthdays , bachelorettes , team kickball , etc . these guys are great . they design the shirt exactly how i want it and make any changes i need very quickly and efficiently . i have gotten my orders in as little as 24 hours and have always had perfect quality and customer service . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand x was amazing and was very patient with me during the whole design process . the shirts were amazing and everyone in my group including me loved them . i would definitely recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had two shirts made here . both came out very nice . i 've washed them a couple times and still looking great . the shirt designers are very friendly & are great at designing whatever want . shirts are made very quick too . i 've recommended this place to a few friends . i 'll continue to buy here . thanks guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have ordered custom print shirts from you in the past and i am always amazed at how professional and knowledgeable your team is . the quality is top-notch and everyone who sees my shirts wants to know where to get some done . i ca n't wait to need more custom items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know if there is a change in management or what , but this used to be my go to company for custom tshirt even though i live in nyc . however their customer service has dwindled and they have failed to meet important and agreed upon deadlines . i will not be using them again and i can no longer refer them to anyone as i have done in the past .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have a fabulous website , made ordering super easy . great customer service and follow up ! and , our t-shirts turned out awesome ! very impressed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a last minute project for a friend 's halloween costume . i called them up asked them about solutions and there was no issue or rush charge . i was able to get a custom made mug in two days . i totally saved the day with brand x 's help ! muchos gracias !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we will definitely return with our next band shirt design ! fans are loving the shirts and we love the fast turn around and great customer service ! www.ironkillofficial.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you brand x ! ryan was great ! his assistance with getting a corporate apparel order together was much appreciated . and my team of employees look great ! you will always be our first choice for any clothing needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a shirt done here for fathers day . it was digital print , when i first went in the customizer was a little snippy like if i was holding him up from better things he had to do . he let me know it will be two business days to be ready so monday not sunday i told him that was fine . great price and they sent me a text on saturday saying my order is ready . shirt came out great and i was able to get it for fathers day i guess the customer service just rubbed me the wrong way . i def will be a returning customer but just not with the same person .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff i worked with was great . they were attentive , could handle the unique artwork i gave them and printed in a rush turnaround time . i love that they keep my artwork on file if i ever want to reorder or let my friends order my design .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just ordered with these guys a week ago and got the shirts in . we 've had such good feedback and the quality of the material was so great we ordered again , but this time for twice as much ! i 'm going to be doing more and more with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service ! awesome quality ! nailed our design ! great price ! quality shirts ! stellar finished product ! we ordered a lot of shirts and were absolutely pleased with the turn around time , quality , and price . customer service was great . ordering was easy . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service and best shirts in town . appreciate the talented folks on your team who always help with design and placement to get the best end product possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doggy daze just loves our new shirts . you 've made the entire process easy for us from the staff at the store , submitting art work online to pick-up ! thanks for making us look great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand x will be the only t-shirt shop i use from now on . they were willing to work with me on the design my family wanted for our matching t-shirts for our family vacation to disney world . they were a little pricey but competitive with the other companies i looked into . anytime you are going custom it is going to cost extra . make sure when they send you the proof of your design you double check because once the t-shirts are printed they do n't offer refunds if you signed off on the design before printing . we loved wearing our shirts and will cherish them for years to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had professional company shirts made at this location twice now & they have always been more than wonderful to work with ! they have very experienced designers that have been really informative about the different types of shirts that they have such as what the fabric is like & how the design would look on the shirt . they went above & beyond & had gotten shirts shipped the next day for me that they did n't have in stock at the time . great customer service & i like how they give you the option to get a text message when your order is completed & ready to be picked up -- will definitely be using their services again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! i called a saturday morning around 10:30am and needed some printing done on a shirt . phil was able to take care of me the same day and had my shirt ready for pick up at noon . thanks phil for all your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good team , quailty merch , fast service . what more can i say ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great locally owned business that has outstanding service and top quality materials . if you have n't been here yet , you 're missing out . go make the shirt you 've always wanted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! i ordered shirts to be printed from them online and the quote came back within less than 2 hours . super professional and speedy service . the original color shirt i wanted ended up being a material not suited for screen printing so i had to choose a different color which delayed the process . i was upset my shirts would no longer be ready for my event in time , but james went out of his way to make it happen ! the shirts were finished even sooner than expected . awesome product and service , and the prices are n't bad either . i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had only positive experiences with brand x . they designed and created tees , window clings and a car decal for us - they all turned out great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always do a great job . are never in a rush to do what you want . was having trouble my artwork . guy working there let me use his computer to get to my email to download a different file . will use them again . the are officially approve by the phoenix scooter club ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand x t-shirts went above and beyond to make sure that i was completely satisfied with both the experience and the products i was purchasing . the ordering process went very smoothly and i was always reached out by a representative to make sure that all of my questions were answered up until my order was received . i can not rave enough about the manager charles . he will go out of his way to make sure you are happy and i am certain that he will treat everyone with the same customer service i experienced . i highly recommend brand x t-shirts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was incredibly generous and knowledgeable of the products offered . despite the blatant stupidity of the shirt i was asking to be made , they were very accommodating and professional . thanks again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my small business had a corporate account with brand x for about 2 years . we bought hundreds of shirts from them during that time . finally had to leave due to constant errors . most of the time , they would immediately correct their mistakes , but by that time the errors had already caused delays to my customers . i finally decided to part ways and find a new printer . i would n't recommend them for large orders . they 're good enough for small jobs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i called , inquired , they responded , next day had my t-shirt ! good stuff here ! thanks bx custom t 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after working with another screen-printing company who dropped the ball on our order , brand x was able to come through in a short amount of time with a super quality product . my only regret is that we did n't contact them first off ! the design is true to what we requested and the quality of the workmanship is first class . i would highly recommend brand x for custom t-shirt silk screening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , always got call backs with great communication . + samples and orders were on time or ahead of schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was great , took the time to answer all of my questions , and really took care to make sure the design was perfect - which i appreciated , since i came in with a vague idea of what i wanted . the price was outstanding : so much lower than expected with an incredibly fast turn around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got some shirts made for my business . the staff was great to deal with . answered my questions promptly and artwork proof turnaround was quick . prices were good and they are super convenient for me . i will definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easy to deal with ! worked with me on the design i wanted . even had jackets made . everything came out perfect . nice job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a custom one-off t-shirt in a hurry . brand x was able to get it done within my budget and time frame . i would use them again a day have recommended them to my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordred matching shirts for my dad 's 60th birthday . the digital design for the shirt was so simplistic ; it truly did not seem like i had paid a professional to create it . other than the design , the shirts were low quality ( even though they were gildan ) . brand-x is not to blame for this , however , it added to my overall dissatisfaction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys were awesome ! they helped me design the perfect shirts and had them done within a day ! thank you for all of your help brand x . we could n't be happier : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly employees and great customer service . my shirt was done on sight and ready within an hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a bunch of shirts and they turned out great ! they were also delivered on time as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brand x does an amazing job creating custom t-shirts and whatever else i want . they are my go-to place when i need a custom shirt or gift . they have turned me into a t-shirt snob because the quality of their shirts is so good that i ca n't buy cheap t-shirts anymore . i 've brought in some challenging projects and they creative and attentive staff has always found a way to make it work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alex helped us out and she was awesome and so on top of it . product results are great and there 's general happiness all round ! yay ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place - the people are fun ( techy ! ) and focused on service . i have had both personal and business experiences here and they knock it out of the park , always ! if you are looking for a special occasion or large bulk job , brand x will handle it for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! ! i had a very last minute idea , and these guys made it all happen quickly , and the quality of the shirts were way better than what i was expecting . i will be back for another fun round of shirts , i could probably outfit my whole closet of custom shirts . keep it up guys , so glad to have you nearby intempe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our students loved their t-shirts and wear them constantly . the t-shirts are made of cotton which is wonderful for young people and wear very well . i highly recommend brand x for any of your t-shirts needs . on the plus side , their cool and friendly staff will guide you in making the right choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the brandx team has been great to work with . always helpful and always deliver our work in a timely fashion , if not sooner than expected . they keep getting our business because of their customer service . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 star service and with great products ! they made all of our employees shirts for a 10k run and everyone loved them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "talented staff , very helpful and professional . together we were able to create the perfect t-shirts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever . i took to get my ipad fixed for lcd and they took a week to replace , when they told me it would only take 48 hrs at the most . after they gave it back to me the screen was cracked now which was n't there before . they charged another $ 60 and took 3 additional days . these guys broke my screen while replacing the lcd . bad service , they took too long , liars .dont go here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drop my phone off to be repaired , i prepaid for the repairs.. should 've been done within a day i called and called and called 2 months of complaining they gave me a loaner phone that had pornography on it . i never did get my back my phone !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful , i brought my phone in for a new camera . when i picked it up the phone screen was cracked . the young boy working the counter kept saying i do n't see anything . i told him then you need your eyes checked . lady working at store looked over his shoulder said i see the crack , it did n't happen here . liars . do n't trust or use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . told my gf they have her phone fixed before 4pm , she had to go to work so i stopped in to pick it up at 7pm , besides the fact it was n't done , they told me it was n't even in the store and 'their guy ' took it home to fix it but did not have the right parts . i told them i need to have the phone done asap or i want a refund , an 'their guy ' came and dropped it off fixed . super sketchy-definitely avoid this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great time with my fellow elites ! event had a grand turnout . pizza , salad and chocolate milkshake ( instead of an alcoholic drink ) were delicious . hailey and team did a wonderful job . fellow yelp elite superstar kemlyn shared her chocolate cake like dessert with my pal and me . we also had the free dessert which was delicious cinnamon pizza crust with chocolate and cinnamon syrups on the side . great staff that was friendly and extremely efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great night.. pizza & salad in combination with a fun group of yelp elite and their plus ones ! ! this is a build your own pizza place .. they start with a thin crust and you pick the toppings.. meat , veggies , cheese , drizzle sauce , spices .. they bake it and dinner is served . we had this yummy chicken & salami salad bowls at each table.. dressed perfectly.. i helped myself to two servings .. it was delish and fresh . for my pizza i had chicken and pepperoni and all the fresh veggies that caught my eye.. the crust on this pizza is really great.. crisp but still chewy .. the cinnamon sugar dipping strips with the chocolate and caramel sauce .. so good .. reminded me of churros.. yum i will definitely be back.. thanks hailey and mod staff for a great event ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first yelp event for elites and it was so much fun ! i was glad that i was able to have a plus one as well . i 've been a fan of mod pizza for awhile now . one of the first pizzas i had at mod was one of the mega 's and it was amazing ! the stores are really modern and have a sleek look . they are always super clean . there is a space on the wall of pictures of that locations grand opening . we learned that the event that many of the pizzas are named after people . so much that mod does has some deeper meaning . the mod and yelp staff were great and put on a fabulous event ! all aspects of the event went smoothly without any issues . everyone seemed to be having fun and enjoying themselves . we had to drive an hour to come to this event and it was worth it . i love the yelp community and yelp for creating this platform . thank you everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time ever at a mod pizza place . confession ... . i try to avoid cheese and bread because i 'm lazy to go to the gym . ai n't nobody got time for that . lol i 've heard great things about mod from yelpers so i was looking forward to this event . what makes mod so great : 1 ) great pizzas 2 ) unlimited toppings - one price 3 ) cheap wine and beer 4 ) great vibes from everyone that work there those are the perfect ingredients to make a successful business ! i would definitely recommend for others to visit mod for some fast food pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recipe for a great night : 1 . host an event at mod pizza 2 . invite yelp elite 3 . eat amazing food and learn about a great company 4 . mix , mingle , make new friends and connection 5 . repeat steps 3 & 4 until everyone feels like family thanks for a great event yelp and mod pizza ! i ca n't wait to bring friends here next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` so , how does this work ? '' `` well , you stick all the ingredients you want on the pizza , as much as you want , and then we bake it for you , and we bill you the same amount no matter how many things we put on your pizza . '' you know how you wish poke was - with true all-you-can-eat ingredients and the ability to pile your plate truly full of food ? that 's how mod is . i could n't even list all the ingredients that i stacked on my pizza , but they sure were delicious . the caesar salad was perfect . best of all , mod showcases walla walla wine ! woot woot for the hometown ! thanks so much to hailey and to the mod team for putting on such a great event ! it 's really cool when a restaurant has a true social mission and delivers excellent taste . had a great time getting to know some new yelpers tonight ! ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love pizza , and chipotle ... who knew there was a lovely combination of both in the valley ! ! the whole place was booked for us and had great yelp decor everywhere ! i had a great time ! we also got swag bags with water bottles and beach balls ... wooo ! ! to the beach ! ! after eating all the pizza . they had a lot of interesting flavours and i still ca n't believe it 's only one price for all the pies no matter what toppings you get ! this place is great and theres one close to me ! also the two dollar beer tuesdays will be a keeper !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was sooo fun ! it was my first time ever going to a mod . the pizza was delicious and i especially enjoyed hearing the story behind the company and about their efforts to help the community . annnnnd they have $ 2 tuesday ! ! my favorites were the dillon james and the calexico ! i wanted to try the caspian because it seemed super popular ! i 'll have to go back to try it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you michael for hosting a yelp elite event . from build your own pizza , to the great salad . plenty of room for groups to enjoy lunch or dinner . easy pricing on your menu . we will be back to enjoy another pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great event ! i had been to mod pizza before but after this event i am a true mod fan ! yelp did an amazing job , not only giving everyone a taste of the best pizzas and salads at mod , but also telling the story behind mod pizza . i had no idea that every new restaurant adopts a charity and gives 100 % of their proceeds on opening day to this charity ! this is truly a restaurant that gives back to their community ! thank you mod team at mod pizza in san tan and hailey and the yelp crew for the amazing food , drinks and stories !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another exciting yelp event in the books ! i had never been to a mod pizza before so i was more than impressed . this nation wide pizza chain is truly unique in character as well as their business motto . they serve single price , affordable , completely customizable gourmet pizzas . they invest in the communities around each location by paying all their employees a livable wage and donating to charities for every grand opening and continually after that . now that 's a business you can be proud to frequent ! and after yaste tasting several different salads , pizzas and local craft beers , that 's exactly what i plan on doing . great job mod pizza ! i hope other businesses can be inspired by your work and follow in your foot steps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the second elite event held at mod pizza this year and i am not complaining ! who does n't love pizza ? especially being able to build your own personal pizza . we were given 2 drink tickets but as much as i wanted a beer , i had to be up for work super early the following day . i was so glad the employees at mod pizza offered me an alternative , a yummy milkshake ! i think i started a trend because soon after i several other people with milkshakes . they also had flavored teas available ( pear was my fav ) , which is a great alternative to soda . plus 1+s were allowed this round which meant my husband could join in on the action . i saw some familiar faces and met some new people as well . it 's always a good time with yelp !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at this little gem of a sandwich shop in forest hills ! will go back as much as i can to try the different sandwiches . my first sandwich experience was the southwest chicken by recommendation of the ladies at the shop . it was amazing ! i will try the the havana and the tuscan chicken next too . the wraps look delicious as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok ... i was really skeptical of the reviews of this place since they were all 5-star reviews . that is just fishy , right ? wrong . gawd . i did n't realize that standard lunch meats in between bread could be this good . i mean , there are special things like the garlic mayo , and of course the incredibly fresh and amazing bread makes a big difference , but this girl know what she is doing beyond that . the sandwiches are big , and made with care and you ca n't go wrong . you just ca n't . this place is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words : tuscan chicken ! it is amazing- fresh , quality ingredients . the owner and staff are very nice , a+ service . highly recommend this sandwich shop . enjoy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! we loved it , from your cincinnati customers : ) the owner was very accommodating to my wife who has severe food allergies . made her a wonderful salad . i had the roast beef and swiss sandwich , again totally awesome food . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are as nice and warm as the owner ! she makes you feel like a friend who stops by for dinner when she happens to be in the middle of cooking something reaaaaalllllly good which she invites you to have ( and take home ) . the tuscan chicken is something to crave for . it was fresh , bold and well put together . looking forward to trying more from her menu ! the little charming shop may be easy to miss but for the new and old patrons , the glare of 5 stars definitely leads the way again and again to something worth driving for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best . i got a tuna wrap , and the tuna salad was the best i have ever had and all the ingredients were fresh and some were grown in the owners garden . she also piles on the ingredients and is very generous with her portions so you do n't end up with a weak sandwich . we stopped here based on the yelp reviews while we were on tour . i can see why everyone gives it 5 stars . everyone in our band said their sandwich was the best they had ever had . definitely one of the better gems we have found while on tour for the last 2 months . you will not be disappointed going here . amazing fresh food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , fresh food . nice people . cash only , but not a big deal . great lunch dinner take out spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the panini was one of the best i ever had . would definitely go back before leaving pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem in forest hills . you ca n't go wrong with a panini and the soups are creative and delicious . the tuscan chicken and turkey proven\u00e7al are highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the quality of the sandwiches . they were fresh and the portions were large . the ladies were very friendly as we had exchanged stories while she made our sandwiches . she def did n't skimp on the amount of lunch meat in any of the sandwiches and you could tell that the greens were fresh . only thing i wish they had was seating to eat these delicious sandwiches , other than that will def come back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches that was obviously made with heart . i passed by this place on my way to work for a whole month and finally decided to check it out . the owner is an extremely sweet person who talks to you while she makes the food and it just makes that `` home '' feeling . the owner told me that , `` everything on the menu were things that i thought would work well together . '' that statement does not do justice how well all of the ingredients marry each other . with homemade sundried tomato mayo , fresh greens , and juicy tomatoes , my turkey sandwich was absolutely delicious and i destroyed it as soon as i got into my car . the portions were large and i was certainly satisfied . it is obvious that the owner puts love into all the food she makes . i unfortunately will no longer be working nearby there , but i will definitely make the extra drive sometime to grab a delicious sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice in one week because the owner is so nice and the food is so good . portions are never skimped and friendly conversation every time . will be going here twice or more a week for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when someone is extremely passionate and great at something and they take a chance at a dream awesome things can happen ... ..sandwiches and soup in this case . i 'm a sandwich and soup kind of guy . and simple gourmet is as good as it gets . as soon as i walked in the door it was all good . a friendly hello and have you been here before as i pondered the large menu of salads , sandwiches , wraps and soups . they do n't take credit or debit cards which was n't a big deal as i had some cash on me today . i had a tuscan chicken on ciabatta . it was just fantastic . fresh local bread , roasted chicken , spring mix , roasted red peppers , red onion , roasted garlic basil mayo and balsalmic ... ... sooooo good . i also had some kicked up tomato soup that i 'm still stretching out and enjoying as i write this ... .. do yourself a huge favor and go here ! great job julie and sandy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sandwich ever . owner is friendly and nice . a wonderful place for a relaxed lunch to go ! do n't be in a rush , the owner is so amicable , she draws you in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great lil hidden treasure ! i had the blt wrap and mediterranean salad , which i split into two meals . everything was so fresh and delicious.i will definitely be returning to try another wonderful sandwich , wrap or salad . i 'm looking forward to many awesome lunches in the park thanks to simply gourmet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my coworkers and i were looking for a new place for lunch so we checked yelp and found this place . we were wondering if all of the 5 star reviews were accurate for this tiny place on ardmore boulevard , of all places . short answer : yes , or as much as i could tell from one meal . i had the chickenberry wrap , which was huge for the price and delicious . the other food that i happened to spy there looked just as tasty . the pasta salad was good , not great , but with how huge the wrap was , i definitely did n't need it . small sample size , but highly recommended . i will definitely be going back . oh , and a nice friendly atmosphere as well , although i did n't see any meal seating and it was a bit loud with the cars on 30 , but you should go for the food anyways : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot for sandwiches , soup , and salads ! owner is very nice and friendly . definitely will go back next time i am in the area . ... chicken chili soup is a must when she has it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to grab a sandwich or salad . everything is made fresh to order , i have been working my way thru the menu and it is all good . so head on down you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok this is fresher then fresh . we went late and the food started to run out . she only makes enough for the day so you know it 's fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely a good place to stay if you have certain expectations . this place is not fancy but the rooms are spacious and clean . the beds are comfortable and the rooms have full kitchens if you plan to stay a while . pricing depends on time of year but the location is excellent . they include breakfast which although nothing special , it 's nice to have an option in the morning without having to leave the hotel . seems popular with people for sporting events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one cool hotel . the rooms are like apartments ; complete with kitchen , living room , bathroom and bedroom . the fun and charming victorian arcade adjoining the hotel is the perfect compliment . be sure to have breakfast at the little greasy spoon run by the sweet old lady and buy some neat little gift at the shop next door , run by the sweet old man ! i stayed here for a week on an emergency trip and the place is just as pleasant and decent as they get . the staff were very kind and most helpful - carting me to and fro the hospital every day and finding me places to grub - all complimentary services . the entire place is clean and very decently appointed . i highly recommend this particular hotel for your trip to the cleveland area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location ! the room was great , they even gave me an upgrade and i had plenty more space then i needed . i would stay here again for sure . you can walk to everything . the front desk staff was great , the only issue i had was when i had my `` do not disturb sign '' on the door someone banged on the door and wanted to put a new tag on the fire extinguisher in the room . i thought this was a bit tacky for the maintenance guy to do , but overall the hotel was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are on a labor day weekend travel tour and this is our forth place we 've come to . i love the hospitality . they are very nice and informative at the desk . the room is nice . we got a suite and it 's large enough for a small family . it 's probably the size of an apartment i would have had in college . crazy they give this much space . when we checked in they were having their free drinks and snacks . ca n't get better than free booze and food ! ! ! love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually i find residence inn rooms to be comfy but dirty . this one seems to be comfy , clean and quite special . the hotel is in some sort of a historic building . on the top floor , i can see part of the upper deck in the baseball field . a selection of nice restaurants are within 2 minute walk . you will never have to put up with the typical sad food provided in the `` dining hall '' . it 's also about 2 blocks away from the highway , so i could commute out of the city pretty easily . i did have to put up with used pillow cases and sheets for 2 days . that 's pretty average for the hotels . it 's sad that this has come to be accepted as the standard . what happened to those days when i check into hotels with clean sheets and pillow cases ? oh wait , those days never existed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super nice hotel downtown . we were upgraded to a suite and even the pull-out couch bed was comfortable . very clean and a coffee pot was in the room-bonus ! there is a billiards room if you 're down for a game and the breakfast provided in the morning was fantastic ! i would just come here for the breakfast lol . the only downside is their parking garage was full and we had to go to one down the street . come to find out , it was a couple bucks cheaper than the hotel 's ( yes , the hotel makes you pay for parking like it 's chicago ) . i would definitely venture back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this residence inn is pretty sweet . a very old building with huge rooms . parking is next door and free . under $ 150 typically per night . i used points and booked jan 29 for new years eve . i was upgraded to a 2 room suite which was huge and greeted as a platinum member . had two bedrooms with king beds , 2 bathrooms , a large living room , and a full kitchen . beds were comfortable as well as the pillows . walking distance to all sporting events , casinos , and bars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we reserved two rooms on june 24th and had a fantastic stay ! the staff was wonderful and our valet mike g was the best . great location and loved the historical building ! our breakfast was nicely set up and well run . we would definitely visit again ! thanks , residence inn in downtown cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you have just got to love the location of this hotel in regards to so many great activities , restaurants , bars and the casino . have stayed here a handful of times and have always been treated first class . parking is tight down under , and expensive , but i guess you have that everywhere in the city . room was nice and had a fireplace and kitchenette . free breakfast of the basic continental style with some instant eggs , but hey , it 's free . love staying here and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lovely hotel with great character . i have probably stayed here 6 or 7 times over the last 5 years , and each stay has been enjoyable . friendly staff , very nice and incredibly spacious rooms , the breakfast bar is enormous , the remodeled cocktail bar is very nice ( although the billiards room is missed ) , and the hotel has such a historic feel . the architecture in the adjoining arcade is a sight to behold . each room has a unique character and feel . my only complaint is the parking garage , which , due to very small size , can be challenging . decided to round up to 5 stars rather than down to 4 , as i enjoy staying here so much . thank you to the staff of this wonderful facility . we ca n't wait to return to the great city of cleveland , and stay once again in your fine hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't stay here again if in cleveland or recommend this place . it 's downtown so that alone makes it noisy but it also has the most inconsiderate and noisy guests i 've ever experienced . and the parking garage is hell . it 's nearly impossible to park in and they let non guests park there ( it 's right across the street from the q ) so sometimes , even as a paying guest , you may not get a parking spot . it 's also older and has n't been remodeled like so many of the other ri 's . and who knows the last time the hallway saw a mop ? on the surface the place looks like it should be nice but not so much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hotel was recently renovated and it shows ! the room was really large - a small kitchen , dining area , and living room with two large windows separated by a door from a large bedroom + bathroom with two large windows . we had the double queen room and it was so cozy . a friend and i traveled to cleveland specifically for a concert at the house of blues and the walk from the venue to the hotel was no more than 4 minutes . every single member of the staff we encountered was amazing . so friendly , so upbeat , so helpful , and not afraid to joke around with you . i loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff and beautiful interiors . be careful , though if you 're staying in the `` euclid tower '' portion of the hotel , though . avoid it if you can . essentially , you 'll have to walk an entire city block from the lobby across a mall to get to your room . no access from the street near the elevator . terribly inconvenient . the bed was also probably the worst thing i 've ever laid down on . horrible back and neck pain when i woke up . staff was courteous , friendly and made amends for the bad night 's sleep .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed in room 503 . where to start ? 1 . the location is close to the arenas . 2. the lobby has been remodeled 3. the parking garage is not easy to find ( you must drive down an alley , and press a button to open the parking garage door . the parking garage is not easy to navigate if you have a mid-sized car ( or larger ) 4. the hallways are very wide ( surprising as this is a downtown hotel ) 5. my room was open concept-ish , which i was not expecting in any hotel 6 . i stayed on a sunday night . i found an old carryout with food in the microwave - ewwww . needless to say , i then began to doubt the overall cleanliness of my room . i did contact the front desk , apologies offered . with many choices for hotels available , i will not be choosing this property again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love it here ! we have stayed here many many times and really love when we 're in the rooms at the back ( ? ! ) of the hotel using the b elevator . currently staying in a one bedroom loft style room which must be 1000 square feet . so quiet and comfortable ! parking is sometimes an issue on any game night but the staff had always been super helpful in helping us to figure out where we can go if their lot is full . such a wonderful residence in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a cool old building but its old and could use an upgrade in the rooms . great location to 4th street , casino and sports arenas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an awesome experience here . we had a suite with a fireplace and kitchen for a weekend and it was sooo relaxing , i 'd almost visit cleveland again just to stay here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional staff and customer service . hotel was recently updated and the rooms are beautiful ! ! ! great location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful hotel very well managed . entire staff was professional and pleasant . great location with plenty of restaurants , etc . nearby . and they are pet friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stay in cleveland about once a week . this is by far my favorite place to stay . rooms have always been clean . bed is crazy comfortable . staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was enamored with the history and charm of the hotel . you have to go to the arcade area and see the beautiful detail of the interior architecture . i agree , the location is perfect . alot of awesome restaurants close by and you 're right in the middle of all the actions . i love the high ceilings in the rooms and all the historic details everywhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the best . the staff is what takes this hotel from good to great ! wonderful food and reception a few nights a week makes this feel like a home , not a sterile hotel . backoffice staff are helpful reservations and any other needs you might have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came as a last minute on our last night of our honeymoon . they were so gracious . they gave us a bottle of champagne and upgraded our room to a really fun suite . parking is n't easy , but everything you need you can walk to once you do park . close to the stadium and other city attractions . had a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really nice place to stay for the weekend . within walking distance to most all bars and restaurants around the q .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the `` room '' is nearly the size of my house ! two bedrooms with king beds two bathrooms , a full kitchen and very sizable living dining area . there are 3 desk workspaces and 3 tvs ! the hotel itself is very charming the arcade walkway mall is adorable . breakfast is included and you can go in you pjs if you 'd like , they 'll even go grocery shopping for you if you ask them . the only reason for the loss of one star is the same as all other marriott hotels i 've stayed the towels are so rough like drying with sandpaper i really wish they 'd figure a way to get softer towels !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great great great this hotel is in a great spot ! dakota at the front desk is absolutely amazing ! ! ! after learning i was here for an anniversary he went to colossal cupcake and brought us a cupcake to congratulate us ! the hotel accommodated everything we needed ... . room was clean kitchen was clean and was very nice to have a dishwasher . the bar downstairs was also very nice with a nice server ! the free breakfast buffet also has a great selection ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time at this residence inn and while i liked it the first time i loved it he second time . they have done a complete remodel . spacious rooms . wide hallways . large breakfast area . convenient location especially to basketball and baseball games as well as horseshoe casino and all the downtown bars and restaurant . will be back . also they do a great job recognizing platinum marriott members . some hotels do n't do much .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoyed our stay . parking is tight and fills up . but they have another place across the street if it is full . stay comes with breakfast which was waffles , potatoes , eggs , toast , oatmeal and cereal . our room had a kitchen , it was a huge room . close to everything , perfect spot to stay for a game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall this hotel is awesome . i have stayed here several times and just recently spent a month living here . be aware that the two women that work at the front are very rude . they do not want to help you out and treat anything you ask of them as being a hassle by rolling their eyes or arguing with you . too bad working at a hotel is 100 % customer service ! ! ! anyways , i will say that the few men who work at the front desk are outstanding . always kind and very helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "check in went well , until we got up to the fifth floor to find out that our room was not in that tower ! really , she forgot to tell us that we were in the euclid tower and had to switch elevators on the 2nd floor ! walked a bit but got to our room . room was old but fine . just before leaving , i found 3 live and 2 dead ants on the window sill . i chalked it up to being an old building in the city but i can not call it clean . plus : it was in an old historic building . good location , close to restaurants , progressive field . cons : ants , long walk to room . just did n't feel clean but maybe that was the ants ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have stayed at this hotel a few times . i love the location . it is right by the ball parks . you walk out your hotel and your there . i also love all the places to eat . they are so close . this is a very friendly hotel . i do like it , but its a little old . they need to update it . i will stay here again . the location makes up for the oldness . if you do stay . make sure you check out all the great locations for eating . its one block away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a typical residence inn in a great location in the city if you are there for a sporting event . i 'd stay again if i ever have the misfortune of having to go to cleveland ( aka . the mistake on the lake ) again . one of the worst cities i 've ever gone to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed for 4 nights and was very pleased . very good service . free breakfast is pretty good convenient . rooms are huge , with awesome ceilings . great location , closest to best part of city ( east 4th - where there are all the nice restaurants ) . tvs sort of sucked ( they are newer flat screens , but the cable tv had a bad connection or something ) . furniture is not new . on balance , for $ 150 night , this is a very good value , especially if you need a bigger room ( we were traveling with baby ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "upon reaching out to the management here , we were sincerely apologized to for this severe misunderstanding and miscommunication . because of this , and the expressed concerns of management , my husband and i do feel valued as patrons , and would absolutely consider giving this hotel another chance . they also ensured me they would look into the `` dirty '' room concerns .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when arriving and tried to check in i was told that my room had been given away , even though i had made a reservation 2 weeks prior . i originally reserved a 1 bedroom suite . they were completely full with the exception of a 2 bedroom suite , so they gave me the 2 bedroom suite for the price of one . the reason i 'm giving this hotel 2 stars is because i had kids with me and i needed to have everything stroller accessible and the suite is up 5 stairs after you get on the 4th floor there 's no way around it . it was very irritating to have to lift my baby and the stroller up and down the stairs everytime i wanted to go out . the location is great i just wish i could 've had a different room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lobby is nice and inviting . beds are uncomfortable . very uncomfortable . it 's too bad you ca n't enter hotel from euclid ave . guests must enter on prospect !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hotel is rundown , aged , seedy in places with aged furniture , carpets and furnishings.housekeeping was a nightmare . did not restock needed items , ran the dishwasher for one ( 1 ) fork ! loads of dirty towels left in the hallways . garbage left on the floor of the room as well as hallways for days . free breakfast was only ok . please get toasters that actually work . while attitude of staff was pleasant , so what ? it 's a hotel - so it should be . good location downtown if you do n't mind walking past the omnipresent smell of stale urine . i would not stay here again . definitely not worth price paid . mgt is at fault for not creating and enforcing higher quality standards . they tried to make up for the overall rundown condition and poor housekeeping by offering points that were accepted , but after a while excuses ca n't make up for the overall poot condition and experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very nice stay . the front desk staff was very polite ( esp astrid : ) thank you ) and everyone was very pleasant . good location to a lot of attraction . would stay again for sure", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean . friendly staff . only downside is the website says free parking . it does not say `` limited space '' . so they were booked on parking . i rode around for an hour trying to find a reasonably priced lot for over night . if you park in the lot o 8th that extends from prospect to euclid , you only pay $ 5 per day on the weekend . that was compared to $ 25 or more i was quoted from other lots . of course i 'm writing this before i go to retrieve my rental which may or may not be there when i go to leave . : p overall though the residence is nice and historical . the complimentary breakfast was great with hot and cold choices . reasonably priced and spacious . the full kitchen and free wifi gets bonus points .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this it 's one of the worst restaurants in town i will not recommend no one to this restaurant the sewer water was all over the floor after i talk to couple employees they confirm the owner knows about several issues and the score it 's 85 so gross stay away from this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible horrible ! ! i 've been here in the past and the food was good . it has gone down hill , service was awful the girl got our order wrong and kept on forgetting or and bringing us the wrong thing . cheese dip was hard and cold . there was a spider that landed on our table . overall it was n't a pleasant experience . will not return", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great mexican & honduran food ! the staff is friendly and they have a full bar . the prices are great and the portions are huge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "plenty of seating , full bar , great flavor in their salvadoran steak , and all their food in general looks very , very good . they are reasonable in my opinion and the service is pretty good . no complaints , only compliments . keep it up , morazan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love they 're food especially la bandeja pisa . some of there waitresses are rude but overall the food is great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "true authentic mexican and salvor durian food staff was nice and food was excellent looks like neighborhood hangout would come back to eat and looks like cold beer if your thirsty", "score": "4"}
{"review": "giving them a 1 star simply because i am a regular customer at morazan & lempira on south blvd but this location on archdale is terrible . i was there yesterday & the waitress sat my fianc\u00e9 , daughter & i on the add on extension they recently made . there were so many ants crawling on the table . the floors were dirty , walls filthy . the food was extremely disappointing . i got a breakfast # 10 . which comes with fried beef which had a terrible low quality meat taste . the cheese looked like it was going bad . the egg omelette had absolutely no salt or taste . the rice was mushy & plantains undercooked . i will definitely not return here . unsanitary place & rude employees . stay away from here , save your time and money & go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff and fast service ! best of all they got my drink right ! lately my white chocolates been tasting more like mocha and less white chocolate . so i was pretty ecstatic that my drink came out perfect and i did n't have to drink back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "filthy filthy store , condiment bar was over flowed with trash , there was water spilt under the straws and stir sticks , bathrooms had no toilet paper or paper towels , trash by the pick up area was so full ypu could n't even throw a straw in there . the manager on duty was more concerned with counting the tips then cleaning her store . i have no been here almost 2 hours and not once did a timer go off to make fresh coffee or to do a lobby , 2 hours that same container of cream sat on the condiment bar so far and i dont see it being changed anytime soon . employees were sent on break without doing anything concerning their lobby . i watched as the guy made whip cream and didnt fifo , he put the freshly made whip cream in front of the older whip cream . slow periods the employees gathered around to talk rather then clean their store . disgusting !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing special , he greeted me took my order . i sat down for a couple of minutes and bam ! my frap was done , and it was delish ! i do n't always go to starbucks , but when i do , i only get a frap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shitty service . i went in to buy some coffee in prepackaged bags . saw a sale price in red right on the package but at the register the girl would not honor . are you freaking kidding me ? ! wtf . false advertisement . then they were out of bags and asked if i wanted to just put all my coffee just in my purse ! ? thanks for nothing starbucks on christmas eve ! ! ! never again . they lost me at false advertisement .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a starbucks that has just the right shape to have plenty of people to hang out and relax . open , inviting . the coffees are all the same , so this is all about the ambiance ! a . some outdoor tables and they are in the shade in the late afternoon . unfortunately , these are non smoking tables yet smokers hang out on these which is not bad , except for the stale smell of the smoke . b . service is great and very friendly . i liked it although i was aiming for somewhere else . it was a good blend of location , timing , shade , cooler august weather . gk says if you are in the area , check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid starbucks with friendly workers . it was pretty busy for a monday at 2:30 but my order was taken quickly . the wifi is fast and i was able to get some work done while enjoy a fresh hot coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are three starbucks here in the valley that i go to on a regular basis and the service is consistent as is the product . this location is one of them . the staff is awesome , the manager , terry ( sorry if i spelled her name wrong ! ) is on the ball and and has a well trained , oiled team . i can not say enough great things about this starbucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow ... everytime i come here there is one mistake or another . forget what i ordered ... overcharge for coffee . and never ever tastes as good as other starbucks . will drive to the one up on windmill and lvb next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been going to this location for years . it 's always a nice atmosphere and smells amazing of course . the drinks are always good . as for the food i do n't know how to feel about . it is okay but it could be better . if it 's warmed it 's good though . i liked their old bakery items more . never had a major problem with my orders that i can remember . as for my mom she has a favorite barista . i have not seen her for a while since i tend to go to a location between work and home , so i do n't know if she 's still there . but every time someone else makes my mom 's coffee she always says the `` other girl '' makes it better . we still do n't know her name ! she is a short asian girl with pixie black hair and cool style . she makes my mom 's 'hot venti caramel macchiato with extra caramel ' to perfection apparently . with a perfect combination of coffee flavor , sweetness and foam . giving it because of her haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's starbucks , what is there really to say ? chain coffee company that everyone knows and loves ( or hates , depending on your view ) . located a block away from my house , this is my go-to location . obviously it 's crowded early in the morning for all the zombies who need their caffeine fix ( myself included ) . the people who work there are mostly friendly . i 've seen some employees who have been complete snobs to people who do n't know how to order correctly . the baristas are quick and efficient when pushing out drink orders . thumbs up all around ! p.s . how do people study here ? ! i would get so distracted by everything around me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite starbucks ! the reason for this is the flavor of my frappucinos and my tea is perfect each time i come here ! ! ! ! the people that work here are very friendly and always ask me how my day is ! ! ! nelson is very sweet and makes sure my order is correct every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst customer service ever ! ! ! the girl at the counter 10 18 15 @ 1:19pm never said hello , hi , welcome to starbucks , not even a smile ! ! ! ! so i said to another employee wow and told her how the girl never greeted me or asked what i would like & the employee said oh well maybe she 's shy ! ! ! shy really ! ? ! ? ! maybe she should n't be working in customer service then ! ! ! and to have another employee makes excuses is not acceptable ! ! it 's mind blowing to me that a employee would treat customers this way & management take the chance of loosing a loyal customer ! ! ! ! that 's what i get for cheating on my regular daily starbucks location ! ! ! i called and the manager said ok let me know if there 's anything i can do ! ! ! hmmmm really smh useless ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here craving something sweet and got my usual , along with an oatmeal raisin cookie . the cashier ( it does n't list their name on the receipt - strange ) was nice and upsold . the drink came out quickly and was made properly . i wish they had a drive through . oh , and they were out of the cream cheese danish , which is what i really wanted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was at this starbucks a week ago for some coffee and some free wifi . the coffee was better than the starbucks coffee at the luxor . plus it was cheaper . haha . now , the wifi is what got me to give this starbucks a 5 star review . i live in southern california and i go to starbucks on the daily for coffee and to do homework on my laptop . i had my laptop with me on my trip to vegas and decided to log on to this places wifi . this place gots the google wifi ! no more att wifi that 's slow and all . it 's a matter of time for all starbucks to have google providing the wifi but id like to note that this starbucks has it and i had experienced first hand to my delight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are hundreds of starbucks ' all over town but this particular one is my favorite . i have never had a problem there and the employees are very friendly ! they have a comfortable seating area and a calm setting which is exactly what i like in the morning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place this girls are very friendly . i stop by here before i go to caked next door to get the best cronuts in vegas . after u grab ur coffee stop by and try these cronuts it 's a winner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hit or miss on the friendliness of staff . i 've had really awesome people there , and i 've had people who didnt look or speak to me the whole time they were taking my drink order . otherwise , this location really needs a drive through . not much parking for location being in busy area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place could be good , but usually sucks . i prefer the one closer to windmill ( also in maryland pkwy ) because of the staff . their drink is the same as every other starbucks ( although sometimes the sweetness depends on who the barista is ) the customer service is what makes this place a hit or miss . i thought when they moved to the new place , the service would be better ( idk why , but i hope it would ) but nope ! they still suck . the only improvement is they now have a drive thru . there was one time when there was a customer in front of me , then when it was my turn , they ignored me for about 5 mins , til the manager took over . she was a bit nice ( although no apologies for the wait ) , but she just yelled to the girls ( who ignored me ) my order then she left . could 've driven to the other one , but i did n't feel like it and regretted it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been going here for a few months now . i have never had any problems and every one is all nice and polite when i have been there . i get a off the regular menu drink and i 've never had to tell them at this store how to make it , some stores do n't even know how to ring it up let alone make it . and it always has the right mix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have never really had a problem with this location . just your average starbucks . can get pretty busy but do n't they all ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you for fast , friendly service , especially becca and sarah tonight , labor day 2015 . my drinks were delicious . thank you . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice starbucks . great , convenient location . the baristas are always friendly - the coffee is always delicious . my tendency is to prefer hot coffee drinks but starbucks has made iced coffee drinks an excellent go-to during hot weather ( or just for a change ) . the baristas seem to enjoy their job ... it shows in how they treat their customers . i appreciate the extra effort they take in order to provide excellence in customer service . i always enjoy my trip to starbucks . this location is one of my two favorite starbucks locations in all of the lv valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best starbucks ever . customer service is out of this world . michelle is one of the sweetest baristas ever . i come here every morning , they know my drink my name and my husbands . i ca n't give them a higher rating . love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service and quality of product continues to go down hill . there were no customers in line and aside from the blaring music , the store was still . i walked up to the counter and one of the girls asked me what i wanted as she walked away . another girl walked closer and just stood there . no greeting at all . the first girl came back and said again , what can we get started for you . after placing my order , i checked into yelp and read for a minute or two . i glanced up at the counter and there was my coffee . nobody said anything . i looked for a sleeve for my cup as two girls walked by . i finally asked if there was a sleeve for my cup . the reply was , `` nope , we 're out . '' she did offer me another cup after all that . i 'm done with this location . from the lack of customer service to the half full cups of coffee , this starbucks location give the company a black eye .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service , no listening skills . took 4 times to explain what my order was , and they still could n't get . they did n't know the difference between double shots ( which i wanted ) and 2 shots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! ! waiting time was 30 min and my frappucinos were melting while i waited for the rest of my order . the baristas were just standing and only one was doing the orders ! ! ! i rather go across the stree to albertsons they are faster and great customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you guys need to fix your hours it says monday thru thursday open from 5 am to 9 pm and friday and saturday 5 am to 10 pm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decided to give the new location a try ... .. huge mistake ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i 've been waiting on my coffee for 30 min no joke ! do not come here it 's ridiculous . people are complaining left and right . honestly this location is not staffed the way they should be . what a waste of time . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while in vegas on a long weekend this was our go to starbucks . easy in & out . friendly people & getting our orders right . in a few days this became our place for great coffee & chai tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect for the morning java ... just wish their pastry selection was more consistent ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am giving 2 stars because the barista taking my order did n't get it correct . first he questions the kind of drink i ordered only to repeat it incorrectly . frustrating i know this is a new location but you moved from across the parking lot ! in the old location i do not recall such incompetence ! so i get to the window and my order is completely wrong ! now he has to make a new one . very disappointing experience !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "josh and ethan are the best ! ellen , the blond lady that works in the morning is sooooo nice ! i ca n't wait until they build the new store , maybe they will get `` additional '' or `` managers '' ... ..they run out of biscotti a lot", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good starbucks . it can get pretty busy during rush hour , so mobile order & pay from their app is a good idea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this starbucks is my favorite . they are always quick and friendly . = ) my favorite drink is a green tea latte with 2 pumps of peppermint . = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you say anything bad about a starbucks ? we should all know they 're busy , and they take their time making our drinks . they 're friendly enough and i enjoy them especially since they 're across the street from me . one time my boyfriend bumped into a sign , and the sign fell to the floor and the associates just watched awkwardly and laughed , and we laughed , and picked the sign up and put it in place . they 're funny normal baristas lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love coffee ! ! good customer service always so friendly and fast service love half price fraps", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this starbucks popped up out of nowhere ! i always pass by it after work and it seems to never be busy . so i decided to go today and despite there only being 2 cars in front of me , it took a while to get my drink . does it normally take long for a simple tall java chip frap ? the barista was very enthusiastic and happy , so three stars to him ! but i 'm still wondering about why the wait was so long when i got to the window . overall , drink tasted normal and customer service was great . i just was n't blown away by anything . normal starbucks , i guess .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this starbucks opened up right down the street from my house and i 'm so glad it did . it 's very modern and nice inside . the staff working is always friendly and my little family of 4 enjoy coming here from time to time just to drink our coffee inside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was n't my favourite experience at starbucks . the line was eight people long . eight people in line and three people that came in and turned around after seeing the line . service was really slow . it felt cramped to sit down with the way the furniture is arranged . waited a total of 10 minutes exactly for a simple tall pumpkin spice coffee", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well they have 50 % off frapps till may 10th not bad for an after work treat only during the hours of 3 pm to 5pm . i would do it everyday , but i am watching my calorie count and sugar intake . so this is a real treat for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always drive an extra just to come to this location . the drink i order is always consistent . and thank you to kiersten ( i think that is what i saw on her name tag , she was my drive thru girl today ) she actually let me redeem my free drink reward with no issue ! and with a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . they forgot my chocolate croissant ( which was supposed to be heated ) . when i mentioned it , i was given one that was not only not-heated , it was also the wrong kind .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! i go here almost every morning and i am always greated with such nice staff and they always remember my order . they make my morning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding staff - super friendly . love the new location and the cleanliness of the store . had a slight issue with my drink and the manager immediately took care of me . i 'll definitely be back ! update ... this is now my regular store ! great staff , outstanding service and exceptionally clean . it 's busy but they have their act together and take care of their customers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still so so so slow ... ... plan to be in this drive thru for a very long long time . now it 's june and this location has been open for a few months and it 's still the slowest ever ever ever in the las vegas valley i hate that this location is the slowest and it 's right down the street like walking distance from my house and yet it 's still the slowest if you go here you have to spend 20 minutes in the drive-thru literally no joke 20 minutes you could have 10 cars ahead of you and by the time you get to the window your drink will still not be ready this is the worst starbucks there is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "constantly busy but the staff is pretty quick with your drinks . i always get a simple ice coffee with hazelnut , however some days the coffee just does n't taste right so i suggest do n't go for ice just get a regular cup of coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like coming here for an espresso and do some computer work but i end up leaving because near closing they put in annoying music very loud aggressive punk metal music", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service ... i need to get in and get out with my coffee and this place does a great job ... keep it up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so retardedly slow i had time to post this review . three people working , 6 customers in line twenty minutes 3rd up", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this location . everything is always fresh and ready when i order it right away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad customer service ! i 've been here a few times and all thise times order took so long . staff unfriendly and i have to remind them a couple of times before they conplete my orders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite starbucks in the city . high standards and expectations the staff they deliver really consistent product . what 's special about this starbucks the staff is always very friendly and kind . i 'll be the first to admit i 'm not the nicest person first thing in the morning before coffee . today 's experience was really quite special . i use the starbucks app to order ahead so i can pick up my order and run out . to avoid confusion i used the name spider-man on my to-go orders . today being easter the staff made a little drawing on my cup and it was very touching . so i say thank you for always getting my order just right and delivering it to me in a very friendly manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who doesnt love starnbucks ? ? ? a much bigger location than the previous one , a little stand alone in the middle of the parking lot ! ! ! ! staff are friendly , but when it gets a tad busy here they tend to be a little slower unlike other starbucks i have been too . a great place to meet up with friends and or get some studying reading done !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible experience . i came here to relax with my bf and to work on my computer . the employees were nice but they blasted trash death ( ? ? ) metal in our ears . it gave me a head ache and we had to leave . how could n't they know that people come here to chill and relax after a long day at work .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i live this starbucks because its right around the corner , the staff remembers my name and my drink , and it 's conveniently by chase bank .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very slow service . i walked right in and ordered my one coffee and i waited 10 minutes ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "patrick , kiersten and bouco ( please forgive me if the spelling is n't correct ) had our drinks going while we were still in line and and served up excellent customer service this morning . always grateful for kindness and service like theirs . the coffee was perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best staff by far ! they are always smiling and even know my drink order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice and friendly staff but by far the slowest starbucks in vegas , hope they improve their speed and they staff accordingly to the peak hours of traffic at this location", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am trying to like this store since they 've moved . the store itself is beautiful and large . the people are friendly , and yes this is a busy store . having said that , the time i have to wait for drinks is consistently between 12-16 minutes . it 's been over 10 minutes 4 out of the last 6 times . just now , i ordered at 6:10 , and did n't receive my drink until 6:23 . that is simply unacceptable given the amount of workers they have on hand . they simply must find a way to be more efficient . it was never this bad in the old store . i have other choices nearby if this trend continues . : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this starbucks is small , clean , and has interesting things for sale- itunes music download cards , coffeepots , mugs of all kinds , cds- your normal starbucks experience . it 's always been clean during my visits , and i 've never seen it crowded . they have outdoor tables , which are nice this time of the year ( autumn ) . starbucks strives to make all of their stores equally enjoyable so you pretty much have the same experience in any of them . the main complaint i read about small starbucks stores is long lines in a tiny space during those got ta -have-coffee rush hours . i avoid coming here during those times !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "despite other reviews online , we moved into the building august 2013 , and have n't encountered any issues . management is there when you need em but otherwise out of your business . large , unique floor plans for the same price as other less spacious downtown options . we 're on the fifth floor , facing away from w , 6th , so while we lack an awesome view , it 's also quiet on weekend nights despite the craziness outside . we park in the flats for $ 25 a month instead of paying $ 150 for the garage next door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "previous management was fantastic . stay away now . new ownership is rude and insulting . many better places to live where landlords are respectful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they get one star because of their zero customer service skills . called my husband to tell him the car was ready and immediately hung up . someone had already called him 15 minutes prior to that and he told them we were on our way..it was n't even near closing time . the price was also different than what was quoted and the dude got an attitude and said it was n't his deal and proceeded to take the receipt out of my husband 's hand as he was still looking it . avoid this place unless you like dealing with rude people . whatever happened to the phrase `` the customer is always right ? '' go to discount tire !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for an oil change and the manager thought he could scare me into getting other things done to my car . i know a thing or two about cars , not an expert but i know how to take care of my car . he told me i needed a bunch of stuff done to my car and when i told him that was funny bc i changes the air filter myself and had replenished a lot of the fluids myself and knew that my battery was in good shape , he looked at me and was like well you 're a smart girl . really got under my skin . he tried to rip me off bc i was a girl who he thought was stupid . do n't go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used this business for 2.5 years . they are always trying to get into your pocket and there is always additional work needed . i was so fed up with them and their practices and always nickle and dimeing us too death , this year we purchased 2 new vehicles so we have a warranty and do n't need the service of a repair shop besides the servicing dealer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my truck into this location to have warrarenty work done and they screwed my truck up more . i barely made it home and had to take it to another location to fix the issue again , third time now . the staff here is rude and they do not follow through on promises . communication sucks , and the quality of work and level of customer service stinks . i was charge for additional parts which were damaged by the faulty work completed by another tire works location . i will never do business with this company again . i tried to contact the district manager and got the run around at the main office . the integrity of this entire company is less than desirable and they do n't stand behind the quality of service they provide . we will never do business here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the guy who runs the front is very rude and has no cust service . he 's been there all 3 times i have gone ( 3 pre paid oil changes ) and rude every time . hey buddy , its not hard to smile . my oil change that includes a free tire rotation , did n't get the tires rotated . my wife curbed a wheel a few weeks prior and that wheel was definitely in the same location . i hope they put fresh oil in , but i 'll never know and i 'll never return to tire works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad service ! asked for a simple tire patch and they said they would take me the next day , few hrs , and then i come back when they tell me they said another hr and a half ... maybe ! wtf . they suck ! and the people on the counter make u feel like ur waste'n their time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! ! was told by a lot of friends and family to stay far away from tire works - well needless to say - i should have listened - oil change $ 70.00 - was told i needed work done that had just been done to my truck - called the main office about my whole experience - talked to the customer service manager - she told me would check into everything and call me back the next day- needless to say that was five days again - good thing i am not holding my breath or i would no longer be living have contacted the better business bureau - this group is a complete ripe off and bait and switch beware - this group is very dishonest", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wasted time , money . changed sensors . they said the car was good to go . no leaks nothing wrong with anything they said . as professionals i believed them . car overheated on the way to california . wasted another 100 $ to get it back to vegas . took it back to tireworks . they kept it for a few hours , called us and said they ca n't find the problem . ok. drive it gone and it overheated . less than 10 miles . horrible service . even a ops manager looked at it . embarrassing . here is the picture as well..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "turn back now ! ! ! if i could give these people zero stars , i would have . notice a trend with how poorly tire works ' ratings are ... they will rip you off , find every `` excuse '' not to honor your tire protection plan warranty , and lie to you to make a sale . the warranty is useless ! joey is shady , and the manager mark will ride out whatever his employees say ( probably as long as they meet their crooked sale quota ) . please save your time and money . you will come out with more problems than you came in with . -i will definitely be in contact with corporate and the bbb about my experience . i will no longer be doing business with this company and i suggest everyone spread the word .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yeah ... this is officially the worst place to get anything done to your car . they have 4 `` mechanics '' sitting doen in chairs laughing making jokes . while im the only customer here in the place . i know it 's 7am . but damn . do n't open if you cant start working at 7 . start at 8 or 9 . this is just rediculous . they have no care in your car what-so-ever . all the emplyees have bad manners and body hygeine . it took them over 16 to get my car inside just to start . again ... im the only guy here . this is just ridiculous . please dont come here . save your time and your money . so not worth it . and i live a block away . this is just ridiculous . i hate giving bads reviews . but this one i just had to . please stay away from here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "! ! ! ! do not go here ! ! ! ! ! seriously , i have never felt this strongly about wanting people to avoid a company like the plague . we bought two brand new front tires twenty seven days ago . and one of them blew today . we called to tell them and the asshole on the phone said `` i do n't owe you nothin '' then proceeded to say `` see ya next time ! bye ! '' hanging up on me . f ck you and your crooked ass company . the bbb and everyone else will be hearing about this . save your money and go to pep boys the first time ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible ! if it was n't for vincent ( i believe that is what his name was ) i would be contacting ch . 13 on this place . horrible customer service and over priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1 star is rating this place to high ... .i look out after my 82yr old neighbor lady gloria she got ripped off at the tire works on blue diamond & durango ... they put on 2 front tires on her new mercedes with only 12k miles that do not match the back ... looks horrible and i question that these tires are new.. they look used and charged her $ 400 for 2 tires . i called first thing the next morning and they claim they thruway the old tires already ... those tires were under warranty and could have been replaced.fact is they took advantage of an old lady ... .and tires they put on totally do not match her new mercedes looks awful . do n't go here ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give 0 stars . the idiot that works at the counter is the worst customer service person in the world . i hope this place closes and they get fired for being such imbeciles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "total rip off . terrible customer service . even follow up repairs cost something here . discount tire has ten times the friendly service and no penny pinching the customer . this place has no loyalty and i 'm never returning . understand this , even for a repair it cost $ 25 , as compared to discount tire is free . even manager has a pompous attitude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "consumer beware : it 's unfortunate that this company employ people with no customer service skills or even with common sense given they could easily get the business of the entire mts . edge community because of its proximity . sad that as a resident of the area , i would rather drive the extra mile to trust my vehicle with a different tire shop that has far qualified and competent staff . i needed a simple air in my tires , next thing i know two of my logo hubcap and air tire covers disappeared in thin air . i do n't want to think ill of anyone but consumer beware the bottom line is : customer service and quality of work for this location is far deserving of a compliment . ironically , most of the positive reviews were made mostly by women and of mark ( the manager ) , so what happens when he 's busy or not around ? do n't say we did n't warn you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is where good cars go to die . and your wallet . i just joined yelp so this is an experience i had a couple months ago . the guy tried to sell me in a credit card that you can only use there . when i told him i had enough credit cards he rolled his eyes . unprofessional . i usually go to another place but this was close to my house and i thought it would be an easy fix . i had gotten my oil changed elsewhere and was told i might need a new radiator cap . i 'm not mechanically inclined to i just took it to tire works since it would be cheap . they told me i needed a new alternator and all sorts of other work ( including the radiator cap ) . $ $ $ $ $ $ $ ! i decided to get a second opinion and went to o'reilly auto parts and told the guy my story . for a new radiator cap for $ 8 . i will be sticking with my usual mechanic and will write a yelp for them soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would be a negative . first , they open at 7am m-f and i was at the door shortly after and it was locked but people was walking around seen me and never came so i called and they said they could n't unlock the door until a manager came and he was n't there yet and when i asked the price on a oil change the guy did n't know . i do n't even know why i gave this place a second chance , the first time they `` changed '' my oil on my old car i got home and there was no oil in my car at all . needless to say , just do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i hate mechanic places that try to take advantage of women . i went in for a simple oil change and they tried to get me to get new brakes , charge my battery for $ 150 and a power steering flush - my car is n't even 2 years old ! i had a discount peeler card , so my oil change was free ; however , i will not be going back for the other 2 oil changes !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yesterday i took my wife 's car to have a flat tire repaired . i was there before they open and was the only customer . they opened 5 minutes late . when i walked in i said good morning and was not greeted back . the associate behind the counter seemed bothered and was not pleasant . i approached counter and explained i needed to get a tire repaired . he said that he did not have any tire techs in today to fix it . then he said all these cars are in front of you . i was the first customer of the day . as we were talking never a smile and he was rudely tapping his fingers on the counter . he said i could leave the car and maybe he can have someone look at it . i declined . this is the second poor customer service issue i have had at this location and will not be back . this associate should not be in a customer based industry . i went to ted weins and they took care of my car quickly and with great customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "places like this blow me away ... even if they were the best tire place in las vegas id never know . three times ive walked in and have had a half assed greeting from a few different `` i hate my job '' kinda guys and left . this last guy actually has a dgaf tattoo on his hand which means `` dont give a fu `` not only are they rude inside but i said hello to one employee while at mcdonalds one day and he barley looked at me . if you own this place , or work with corporate and actually care ... . read these reviews , and the google reviews . place needs some help and your numbers may even double !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tire works on blue diamond road and durango is terrible . do n't go there . they called me to come pick up my car and when i got there it was not ready . i sat and waited for an additional 45 minutes . after being home for about 30 minites , oil leaked all over my driveway . you want to laugh a little more ? i took it back the next day and the waiting room had two other people in who were making complaints about their oil changes and one guy said all four of his hub caps fell off while driving after tire works worked on his tires .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place- they are so nice and helpful and fixed my breaklight for free . i recommend them to all my friends ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service i have ever received . after 45 minutes sitting in the lobby one of the mechanics finally came in and talk to me and told me that the customer service rep will be with me shortly after an additional 10 minutes i got up and walked out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very dishonest people . will rip you off and make your car worse . they are a bunch of liars ! ! ! this company is a fraud ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever pulled in needed lug nuts tightened on my truck and they do n't even carry a lug wrench to tighten my lug nobody was even working and they did not even take the slightest bit effort to try to help me get my family back on the road ! and when i asked to speak to the manager his reply was i agree with you we are the worst tire shop in town and we ca n't get the owners of the company to do anything or keep tools or parts in stock very poor business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible place - inexperienced technicians - josh at front eating a danish while talking to me - they stripped the bolt stem and lug nut so i took it back and they did n't have a lugnut to put on - guess i will have to do that - what a joke this place is stay away far away ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm really disappointed at how the service here has declined . we 've been coming here for at least 6 years and have purchased 4 sets of tires from this location . i 've even taken the time to bring the guys pizza a few times to say thank you as they 've been kind to us in the past . i 'm saddened that i did n't receive the same great service this time . sorry to say we wo n't be back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! ! ! first , they said it would take an hour and it took 2 hours . second , they inspected the break pads , and now my tire is making a rubbing sound . probably need to rebalance the tires . damn , what a waste of time and i got ta go to california later in the morning . got ta go back and have them fix this mess they caused ! ! ! ! ! ! do n't go to this place please !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as `` total car care '' goes , do n't waste your time . go to a real mechanic . they left my mother 's car outside overnight with the windows open . then the diagnostic was n't the $ 100 they originally quoted her . but $ 110 plus tax . plus a $ 22 fee for materials used ? ridiculous . then when we had our actual family mechanic look at it , he realized quite a few things were put back completely wrong , loose , or not at all . as far as `` tire care '' goes , my boyfriend 's father replaced all of his tires because one had a leak . they took it back many times because it was still leaking . finally took it to discount tire and found out the real problem was the rim , not the tires . discount tire solved the problem , not tire works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just bought 4 new tires . the tires are supposed to be quiet and ride well . no such luck for my juke . so i looked over my bill when i got home and realized that they charged me more than $ 150 to install tires including shop supplies ? really ? i usually shop around but due to a lack of time i agreed to purchase . it is my fault for not getting more details about charges and shopping around . buy your tires elsewhere and save $ 70 to $ 100 in installation fees . they also tried really hard to sell me additional services . these people prey on women . do yourself a favor and buy your tires elsewhere and make sure you are aware of average installation fees and prices for specific tires before signing on dotted line- or you may be sorry just as i am . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars i would ! i have a a little nail in the tire . they said a patch would n't fix it and a plug is too unsafe so i should buy new tires . wrong plugs were made specifically for nails ! my tires are less than a year old ! less than 4 months old ! they just saw a women thinking i was n't going to catch on ! good thing i am smarter than your repair guys ! one star because i have too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last week i would have given this location a terrible review on every level . i would have said they ripped me off and there customer service is terrible ... but , today is a new day at the blue diamond tire works . josh has come in and cleaned house . the new staff is wonderful , helpful , and very knowledgable . they completely put out the fire with me that the previous staff left behind . very happy with my new tires and my experience today . give this location another chance with a whole new staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give them 0 stars i would . i had a nail in my tire and tire works was the only place open on a sunday to do the repairs . the tech told me my tires were 4 years old and all 4 needed to be replaced because of dry rot ( i have only had the car for 2 years ) . i did not do what they recommended and waited until monday to take the car to discount tire on blue diamond and valley view . discount tire told me i had at least another 20,000 miles on those tires and repaired the tire for free . this is the 2nd time tire works has tried to get me to pay for something i did n't need . they take advantage of people who are stuck because they are the only place open on sundays .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow . do not buy the service warranty . they will sell it to you and not honor it . had them tell me i only had a warranty on one tire ( after buying tires from them for years ) and then when i showed them the paperwork , they found another way to get out of the warranty . the worst . went to a different tire works in henderson and they repaired a tire they should not have . mind you this is a mini-van filled with my wife and children . there is no customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a scam . they told me that my car 's struts were leaking and wanted to charge me $ 750 to have them changed . i took the car to another mechanic and they told me the struts were fine . also , they lost the special part to take out the tire rims when they changed my tires . good thing when i came back to look for it , they found it . after this incident , my trust in them went down the drain . they changed my timing belt too and maybe they scammed me on this too . please stop taking advantage of women . your business will not flourish if you take advantage of people . you were nice to me only when you were trying to make me pay for the unnecessary repairs . when i asked how much it would cost to replace the handle on my car , you never called me back since i did not agree for you to replace the struts on my car . you just wanted to make the big bucks . sad , sad ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brought my wife 's car in with a flat tire to be patched and it immediately became clear they had no intention of helping me . it was a sunday and i could n't find any other tire shops open . even though the tires had plenty of tread , i was told they could n't patch it because the tire was too worn down and that i needed to purchase new tires ( after incorrectly being told that the tires were proprietary and could n't be taken off ) . the car is a 2012 with low miles and i was n't about to buy new tires from these guys so i put on a spare and waited until monday to bring it to sam 's club . they fixed the tire without any hesitation and estimated the tires are good for another 18 months . avoid these guys if possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slimy sales people . this is the quintessential scuzzy , slimy auto shop . i 've gone here twice- for breaks and tires , and i 've walked out every time and gone to a different shop . they will lie to you to sell you anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do your self a favor and stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i had my timing belt replaced and the miserable sob gary ( mechanic ) could n't get it done right the first or the second time i had to take it back . this was 1 1 2 yrs ago and now sept. 2016 just had a pay an honest mechanic to redo the work tire works did . when i called to complain at the corporate office was told warranty was only for 6 months . `` we are not going to help you . '' jasmine at the corporate office is miserable . stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a complete rip off . i do n't have anything new to add except it 's no wonder the nevada attorney general was investigating them . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in to get a tire plug for one of my tires that had a screw in it . took about 30 mins for them to get to me and have it done . started my car and the low tire pressure sign was on , so i asked the manager who helped me . he told me that the computer needed to reset in the car after a couple of miles . so i drive my car home and a couple hours later i find the tire is flat again ! now i have to go in tomorrow and have them out another plug in", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the worst place to go and get your car looked at if you want to go in for and oil change then you can wait about 20 mins for them to talk to you also they will probably say that your car has more problems and they will brake your car so that way there are problems they broke my oil pan banging in the oil filter on the bottom of the car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by the service i received here . i went in not expecting to have the issues with my car that came up , but everything was explained by mark , who even showed me what was wrong and explained why . i had all of the work done that needed to be done and was happy with the outcome . the work was done as promised , done by the time it was promised , and the cost was as much as promised . my car feels like a new car again and i will definitely be back . i was kind of surprised to read all of the bad reviews because i did not have one complaint about how things went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this location for my cars 3-4 times in the past 6 months since moving to las vegas . the new manager and his team have provided excellent customer service . they price matched on tires and were very competitive on oil changes when you use their coupons . they even put nitrogen in my tires at no charge even though i did not buy them there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came into tire works because it was very close to home so i did n't know what to expect customer service wise . javier greeted me as soon as i walked in . i let him know what i thought was wrong with the car and after they looked at it he even took me into the shop and under the car to confirm my original worries . they got my car back to me in a day just like they said . we saw javier again when we came to pick up the car and he thanked me for my business with a smile and a handshake . overall great experience at this location thanks to javier and the team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark has two speeds , fast and overdrive ! he knows how to ramp things up when other customers are waiting . everyone wants to get-in and get-out , and mark not only accomplishes it , he does it with professionalism and personality . great work mark !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to this this tire works ( on blue dimond ) to request service and we were not served customer service was terrible . part of the reason was they were not doing the whole job so we were brushed off . they seem to make up needs for the car ! we went to yelp after going to the facility we should 've went to yelp first place as the one star assessments were absolutely correct !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i came in because i have a tire losing air . guy says 45 minutes and out . an hour later they have n't even started . i notice the guys working doing a lot more waking around than wrenching on stuff . i walk up to the desk and they guy there says `` yours is next . '' i remind him that he said 45 minutes an hour ago and they still have n't even started ... .his response is that there are only two guys . well , there were only two guys when he told me 45 minutes . why not just tell me the truth so i can make an informed decision . so what was supposed to be 45 minutes turned in to way more time . weirdly ... .i saw people come in and pay etc . but my car sat in the same spot doing nothing ... ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went back in today to have my front rotors machined . i was quoted $ 100 and 1 hour wait time and that 's exactly what it turned out to be . another great experience . thanks again guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dont go here . i kept asking the front desk if the insurance was in the system before i started and he did n't check but still went ahead and did my inspection . come to find out after they did my inspection and was time to pay it was n't in the system at all and i had to pay for the inspection upfront even when i told them that i was n't suppose to pay for anything because the insurance was going to pay . if i knew it was n't in the system to begin with i would n't have told them to inspect my car till after i called the insurance company to understand what 's going on . shame on you for not providing quality customer service and shame on you for backing me into a corner where my only option was to pay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "garbage service the managers are all rude ... . told me i needed a new tire for a damn scuff on the side wall . i went to discount tire and they easily did what i asked and instead of spending 130 on a new tire i spent 20 bucks on putting my tire on the rim i needed . bro t go here unless you want to empty your wallet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live down the street from this tire works . kind of skeptical because of the other reviews . but decided to try anyways . i 've gotten my oil changed there about 5x so far . i 've never had an issue with them as of yet . they do take a while to do a simple oil change . they definitely seem busy in there ( almost to busy to be pleasant ) . on the + side they have online coupons all the time . sooooooo , if you do n't mind waiting and dealing with a pushy customer service guy ... than i 'd say try it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here to get air in my tires ( since i had low tire pressure ) and i 'm surprised how fast and efficient the service was ! so i parked my car in front of the garage and ernesto assisted me on my tires . not only did he put in the air but he also inspected one of my tires that had a leak ... i even had no idea i had a leak in the first place ! but right after he noticed the leak , he fixed it right away without any hesistation . now that is what i call great customer service ! ! ! ! i am definitely coming back here again if i ever need air or something done to my tires ! they were not busy at the time that i visited so i recommend going in the afternoon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually do n't write reviews because i forget and then i thought about the wonderful experience i had 2 weeks ago & today . i had a nail in my tire , they plugged it right away no wait , in and out . today i had another nail and they were even faster and so polite . he was so fast and it was about 110 degrees out . thank you for all of your help guys ! ! ! make sure to tip those who are this good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am always well taken care of . fast service , good prices , what else can you ask for . highly recommended . ask for joshua . he 's the man !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marty talked us into a off brand tire ... nothing but trouble since they have been on my car ... i will go back this last time and that is it ... no more chances ... i am done ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on vacation in vegas and one of our tires needed a new valve stem . lavon and chris helped us out tremendously ! the price was unbeatable and they were quick workers too . we were in and out in just a few minutes . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here three times for flats that always fix for me . only charge ten to twenty bucks but they get you out within a half hour . never got any other work done here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyler helped me get 4 new tires for my camry , all at a great price with warranty . he had me in and out quick . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only speak from the very limited experience i had with them , but here it is ... i had a nail in my tire , and brought it in as they were the closest to me . mark took one look and said it could be plugged , rolled it into the back , and had it done in minutes ... free of charge ! now i do n't know if that 's common here , but i come from the boston area , and plugs are never free ! he asked me to just take care of his guy , so i gladly tipped him the ten bucks i would have paid back home . also , yay for me not having to replace an expensive tire ! they were fast , efficient , and nothing is better than free . as to all of the negative reviews , i ca n't comment as i technically did n't have any actual work done , but i 'll go there every time for a nail ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here , this place is a rip off . you go there for something simple and they break or loosen something and then tell you theres another problem so they can try to sell you something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are from out of state and our car breaks went really bad . we took our car to them they told they can put front breaks routers and cylinder in 1 hour . but they took almost 4 hours to fix and the service is really bad . strongly advise you to avoid them if possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "10 10 in my book . joshua madrid is very honest and trustworthy . i follow him everywhere he goes . for my friends and family 's cars . do n't let the old feed back not have you come in . give joshua a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no stars if it was an option . we purchased multiple tires from this location , we had a bubble develop on a sidewall of one of the rear tires . the `` manager '' bobby had to look at the tire multiple times to even find the defect . once he found it he told my wife `` no problem '' and proceeded to have a completely different tire ( brand and tread pattern ) than the other 3 tires on the car . when i went back to ask why a different tire was put on my vehicle i was told that `` your wife did n't specify that she wanted the same tire . '' i sell tires for atvs for a living and if i was going to put a completely different brand and tread pattern i make sure the customer knows and is ok with it ! i will never go back to any tire works location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with everyone else on here , this place has terrible customer service . every single employee is a dick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always get my tires from this place . they are super nice and explain things to me that make sense . i do have a small car and commute 120 mikes a day so i get new tires often . they also let me drop in and put air in when they get low . very nice group of guys . i 've never had too manybissu", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome , they are very accommodating , we live next-door to the store and from time to time need things done as soon as possible and the mechanics and the management staff have been very friendly and accommodating . wife and i just had a timing belt battery and a water pump done by tireworks and we are very happy with the price and job done.john the manager he 's always looking for a way to make it more affordable for anything that we need . thank you tireworks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there today to get wheels for my camaro installed . the service was extremely professional . they got the work done when they said they would . mike and robert were excellent and i will go back for future car care needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this store turned a very bad situation into a very good one for me . steven , john & mike made things right when initially it was oh so wrong . i 'll definitely do business with them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service . totally unorganized . 1 . they billed me for more expensive tires than what was put on my vehicle . now giving me the run around on refunding their mistake . 2 . left the stickers on the new tires . 3 . did n't put my air caps back on the tires , i had to return for them . i do not recommend and will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually i dread getting anything fixed on my car . luckily , i 've always had a good experience at the tire works off blue diamond . i 've had rob and christian work on my car . they 're both friendly and honest . i will defintly be back in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed new tires so since this place is near to where i live i just wanted to check it out even with the bad reviews . the place was very busy and still the employees was very friendly . the person that helped me was a guy named rafael and he was very personable , helpful , knowledgeable and friendly . he recommended couple different tires for my suv and have me a low price . i told him that i wanted to shop around first and if i did n't find a better value that i would come back . we went to goodyear , and the employee was just so pushy and tried to sell the expensive tires to us . we told the employee at goodyear that we will come back because we were shopping around , but he just kept pushing us to buy . we ended up leaving . we ended up driving back to tire works on blue diamond and bought 4 tires that the employee rafael recommended . we are very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again the guys at tire works have saved my day ! always friendly ( if informal ) when i come in , they were able to fit me in , fix my tire , and get me back on the road in the time it took me to go to walgreens ! i love these guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mark was at the front when i arrived he was pleasant . after telling him why i was there , he immediately took my keys and they got to work . they had very relaxing music playing . the service was fast and efficient . thank you mark an your tire works team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in last week to get my car inspected and oil change . i am extremely happy with the service i received from frank your store manager . he pointed out that my tires were wearing unevenly and came across as concerned not just trying to sell me extra things . he recommended some services that i had done and got my car up running as it should . i was in and out quickly and was treated respectfully ! i just took a small road trip to california and felt comfortable doing so - thanks frank and tire works ! i will definitely be a return customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this tire works is the best one in vegas . although i do n't care for tire works in general because of bad experiences with management at different locations in vegas . at least management at this location seems to care and wants to do right by their customers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "con artists ! ! ! stay faaaar away from these crooks . they took advantage of a situation big time . we had a tire blow and needed a replacement same day . went in and was quoted 25 % more for the same tire compared to other places , but it 's down the street from home and i was desperate so i said ok. then , after everything was installed and it was time to go , the bill got jacked up with nonsense charges that were not mentioned before . including a $ 25 'freight shipping charge ' , among others . cheaters all the way around who do n't deserve to be in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just picked up both my mercedes from being fixed ! ! had me in and out no wait time and really great pricing ! ! ! ! ! i definitely will be coming back for all of my car needs ! i recommend coming here if you 're needing to get anything done on your cars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going off my limited experience , i had a nail in my tire and went to them to get it fixed . usually i expect no more than 10 bucks , some places cheaper or free . the guy at the front was rude and had no care whatsoever . did n't even tell me the price and just said it 'll take two hours . when i asked about the price he said tire repair will be 29.99 . yup , nope , see you and your terrible customer service later . maybe some professionalism would help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! ! i came in with a flat tire in my trunk , it was close to 6:30 and the place was very busy ... in less than an hour they had fixed my tire and put it back on . they didnt even charge me ! ! i dont know what all the complaints are about.. i would go back to these guys in a heartbeat ! i wish i would have got their names so i could give them each a shoutout but thanks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a flat tire on a sunday sucks . a flat tire on a sunday preceeding memorial day when everything is closed , including the tire place where your warranty is honored , sucks even harder . sooooo i took my car to the tire works up the street from my house , expecting to pay at least 20 bucks for a flat repair . it was free . and it was fixed within 20 minutes . i am still in shock . this makes my sunday suck a lot less . thank you tire works !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 brand new tires , 3 months and 7 visits later , i was getting really `` tired '' of going to my normal tire shop to diagnose fix a constant leak in my front passenger tire . in desperate need of a second opinion and a real solution , i pulled into tire works on blue diamond durango . i was politely greeted in the parking lot by richard , who patiently listened to my issue . i mentioned to him that my tire shop recommended that i needed to have my rims sealed , otherwise i would always have an air leak . richard took my tire off and was quickly able to assess and show me the issue , which turned out to be very obvious : a leaking valve . he was able repair the valve and for the first time since i bought these tires , i do not have to put air in them on a daily basis and i do not need to waste money on sealing my rims for no reason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok i am revising my review based on my last visit on tuesday . so once again my tires were losing air , i dreaded the fact i had to go back here because of my past experiences , well low and behold i was greeted as soon as i pulled up , right away i could notice a change in customer service , i explained to the young gentleman by the name of josh what was going on , he went above and beyond to explain to me what was happening and what he could do for me . he ordered me 3 new tires by the time i left no sooner than an hour later or so he called me to tell me they were in . i brought my car in , they took me immediately and did a fabulous job . thank you to corporate for reading these reviews and putting someone like josh on board that truly has impeccable customer service skills and knows what the heck he is doing , he is turning this place around for the good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have taken my car here twice and both times were a pleasant experience . the prices were not too far from what other places would charge . best of all , everyone there was very nice . i had my tire light on and one of the mechanics checked all my tires and added air , including my spare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going to tire works since we moved to las vegas in 2008 . we are loyal customers because kenan and his team always treat us very well . i definitely recommend this location to anyone because they have great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time i 've taken my car here and then somewhere else for the new shop to ask who changed your oil before ? ! and there were problems . needless to say also stating there were problems that did n't exist . i was told if i do n't pay 1200 for misc problems my car would n't last . i did n't get the work done and 6 months later my car is fine and the new shop says that was not an issue . the first time i did pay over 1000 for various work this tire works said my car needed now feel there probably was n't anything to begin with . the new shop has since fixed everything that this tire works location did when i had a simple oil change there . in looking at other reviews it is the exact same isaue ! if you are quoted an off the wall price for something you did n't come here for to begin with and do n't feel comfortable , you are right ! take your car somewhere else honest and not pay hard earned money for unneeded repairs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay , i have been gaining a growing appreciation for this shop . we hosted an ice cream event and they had plenty of decorations that fit perfectly with what we needed . they have a ton of celebratory balloons to add that personal touch to your event . seriously , not trying to make this sound like a commercial , haha ( as i read those first two sentences back ) . they have a good selection , right now they have plenty of options in stock for putting together your perfect halloween costume ( even sections solely based on specific colors ) . i did like the candy section , but who does n't like candy from a giant gumball machine that takes up its own aisle . aside from that , there 's good grab bag items that you could get from the dollar store as well ( stress balls and other toys for roughly 35 cents a pop ) . planning a party or decorating for an event , ca n't hurt to at least stop in here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was referred to dr bashy by a friend and i am very happy with the results ! after two pregnancies my legs were looking terrible with a lot of spider veins . i treated my legs before in romania but never had such a good job done . it 's not painful at all and today is probably my last visit here ! dr bashy is very nice and helped me to have again nice legs.i am ready for summer and i am happy to wear skirts and shorts again staff very helpful as well ! i recommend this clinic to everybody 100 % !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for spider vein removal on my legs . dr. bashy is very nice and made me feel completely comfortable with the procedure , which is a huge thing since i am not a fan of needles . i had 2 treatments and all of the superficial spider veins are gone and my legs look great again . i would highly recommend his office for sclerotherapy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to the vein clinic for 7 years . dr. bashy and his staff are very professional and will take the time to answer your questions and make sure your experience is great . dr bashy has many years experience and that is very important when seeking out a doctor to work on your veins !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been twice to dr. bashy for large veins in my legs on the first occasion and spider veins on the second . it was a first rate experience both times . i found him to be extremely competent and professional . also , his fees were clearly conveyed in writing and by the way , it was 1 2 the price compared with atlanta from where i moved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was recently treated for another varicose vein after an ultrasound exam pinpointed a problem area on my lower leg , the doctor explained what the screen was displaying as the exam progressed so i felt well informed and agreed with the doctor 's recommended treatment . the followup visit to treat the vein was performed expertly and very quickly by dr bashy and his assistant . he 's a true professional that has successfully treated thousands of lv patients over the years and i 'm very grateful for having been referred to him over 2 years ago for varicose vein treatment . i have no hesitation in recommending dr bashy of the vein clinic of las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen and brought friends to the vein clinic over the past years and dr bashy 's office is awesome . from the front desk staff to the doctor , they are all very attentive and friendly . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a friendly place ! dr. bashy is so nice and thoroughly informative . i went into the procedure knowing every detail od what happens and left with very little discomfort . its been a week and a half now and my legs look spectacular ! all those long hours standing and the aftermath of having kids erased ! i 'm definitely recommending it to my friends and my sister !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my girlfriend wanted to try some spider vein and varicose vein treatments . have no idea what they are ! she come back from vein clinic of las vegas quite happy . every time we visit las vegas , she insists to visit dr. bashy for these treatments . the atmosphere at the clinic is quitr nice and i really do n't mind waiting for her at the reception . now off to red rock canyon for serious hiking and rock climbing ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recomiendo este lugar me dejo las piernas super bien sin visibles venas que se ve\u00edan horribles y las manos tambi\u00e9n .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had spider veins and ugly green veins for years thanks to my job ( standing all day ) and genetics . i never thought my legs could ever be normal again , but thanks to dr. bashy and his sclerotherapy treatments i can actually wear shorts again ! ! ! i ca n't wait to shop for shorts this summer ! if you have these issues like me , i highly recommend you see him . he 's very knowledgeable and super nice . his front desk staff are very professional and so friendly ... thank you , nilda , and most of all , thank you , dr. bashy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new location which opened recently . i was there couple of times , appetizers are the ones which stand out . kheema biryani was good . boneless biryani is a joke , you just fry some pieces and put in the biryani even the pieces are black in color , same experience 2 times . now i get a chicken curry for $ 5 which is as small as dessert portion . i 'm better off spending my $ 5 at burger king . if you name the dish as mint curry please let it taste like one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starters are fine . biryani is not so great , ulavacharu biryani is little decent . ambience little good but if you wanted to eat good biryani then better choose other options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i frequently visit this place.. they have different types of indian food - chaat , hyderabadi biryanis , manchurians n lunch specials combos for north south indian food items . it is more of a fast food model", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited this indian restaurant with family on last weekend and it was very nice dinner . they quoted many varieties both veg and meat . i liked the goat biryani . when it comes to chat i liked dahi puri most of all . i feel like pleasure writing review to this food place . i recommend all food lovers to visit once . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place blew away my expectations . thus is my new regular spot for indian food , hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite indian food ! so good . it 's indian street food so not the extensive menu that some indian restaurants have - but they have plenty . we had the goat bryani and peppered fish - both were great ! very flavorful . we 'll definitely be back to try everything else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when to lunch and ordered non vegetarian thali . unfortunately the food was cold and i felt the archari chicken was at least a day old , . daal was bland and cold as well ordered take out biryani chicken tikka and daal with naan . chicken tikka was extremely hard and one could not eat or chew the chicken , we hed to throw it away . biryani was average the salan was just water with turmeric . very disappointed with my take out . the competition is very severe especially in the bell road area ie notably biryani bites and paradise biryani offering very good and very consistent andhra home type food and i doubt i will go to paradise chat again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered a take out of 3 plates chilly paneer from here on a saturday night , which was very slow at their restaurant . they had no lol at all , only a small bday party going on.paneer chilly had no salt no green pepper no onions , paneer was hard not even fried . lot of red color added . it just seemed like they had cut n colored those paneer cubes for some sabji , and serving size was way too small too . so disappointed from pastries n chaat , our first n last visit . no value of money . on top of tip the waiter made a big frown when we chose no tip option after they made us wait for such a long time just for one dish . think twice before ordering a take out from there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff , fast service , food is delicious as well as the baked goods , will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ulavacharu biriyani is very good here . tried the vegetarian version . will be coming here often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our first visit was wonderful ! i had the weekends-only goat dum biryani . it was a mountain of fragrant rice with a generous large helping of simmered spicy goat , perfect sauce on the side . we could quite finish it , and it is delicious as leftovers . my partner had the non-vegetarian thali , which was gorgeous and yummy . like an indian bento box ! it had rice , sauces , curried meat , and a dessert serving . perfect ! the place was not too crowded . they have an ethnically diverse customer base , which i always enjoy . the service was helpful , patient , and generous . we will definitely be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered ulavacharu and dum biryani .the food is not fresh and even the plates in which they serve the food are not strong.will not visit again .phoenix need some good indian restaurants .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "busy for lunch , decent ambience and food . not disappointing , food and little spicy , i had veg thali .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean and authentic . if you go for lunch , arrive before 2:30pm . the close and reopen for dinner . service is pleasant and quick . order your food at the counter and they bring the food to you . i ordered the samosa chaat full of garbanzo beans , potatoes and sauce . it is topped with a pakora . it was pretty hot so beware if you 're not into spices . next time i will ask . the smells in the place are a wonderful blend . i will try it again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1st , the young man at counter explained described food on menue , the sampler plate was excellent , totally satisfying . the yogurt drink delicious . clean , attractive . i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor customer service and take out actually had a different dish altogether.. food was average with chicken at times tasting stale .. overall with multiple other choices around for take out indian food ... would go elsewhere", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service and cute atmosphere . i thought the food was bland but the price was great and the portions were perfect . i will try again and update .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you suck st-hubert ! i hate to do this but you 're a massive chain and you can take it . plus you deserve it . you used to serve delectable chicken with perfectly crisp skin , salty and satisfying . your salad was all you can eat and your sugar pie was warm with a flaky crust not quite like grandma 's but pretty good . what have you become ? do you even know ? the portions are tiny , the fries cold , the sides a melange of under and over-cooked and that pie ? holy disgusting i ca n't believe i wasted one out of four dinners back in canada over this ! and what 's with the tiny sauce bowl ? more like tiniest ever ! i 've had larger jager shots . on another note , the waitress proudly told us she 'd worked for you for 30+ years which only explained why the service had been so slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "un st-hubert comme un autre , tr\u00e8s bien , aucun reproche et rien d'extraordinaire .. le mcdo du poulet , valeur s\u00fbre pour la famille .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hambone and hooknasty central downtown . enter at your own risk . i feel like i lose a little of my humanity each and every time i enter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location has closed . new owners have opened it as city tap . http : www.yelp.com biz city-tap-cleveland", "score": "1"}
{"review": "full disclosure - did n't eat here . great for large groups , nice to have the stadium seating and keep the large groups to their own areas . the food looked ok but the best part - 3 dollar 24 oz pbr this girl from boston was super happy about that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "popped into clarinda 's enroute to the scottish parliament . if you are down the royal mile holyrood side of town then it is probably worth a visit - it is so cheap ! the decor you will love or hate - all plates and chintz and a bit much for me , but cute vintage tea sets being used . being gf then options are more limited - no ckaes but ask about soups and sandwiches and they also do baked potatoes . i only had tea but the girls all munched down on savouries and cakes which were well received . it is small so you may have to queue at the door to get a table ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what an adorable little spot ! we walked over here from a good hike at arthur 's seat , and were looking for a casual spot to grab some coffee tea and little nibbles . since it was early afternoon , there werent many people in the space , which was great for us since we were a group of five and were seated right away . we ordered a bunch of items , including the lentil soup and minestrone soup , which tasted heavenly from the bitter cold outside . they were hot and definitely tasted home-made , which was a welcome change from what we had been eating for so long . we also ordered grilled cheese sandwiches , rhubarb pie , and some other sweets , which were all great and went well with our lovely tea ; ) . the bill for five of us ladies was only \u00a330 , which is a steal and i will absolutely go again when i 'm back in edinburgh . ah , i miss scotland ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a casual tea . the pastry cart was loaded with goodness and the salmon sandwiches are to die for ! this is a small tea house but the food is great and the staff was friendly and patient with those of us not familiar with the menu or how to order . when on the royal mile , this is a great place to stop in for a snack ( or full meal if needed ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clarindas is a charming wee cafe , named after agnes craig m'lehose , known as nancy , who formed a mutual love interest with the scottish poet robert burns , mainly through letter writing . lace tablecloths , a painted screen and framed photos of clarinda make for an old-fashioned setting . food is simple but freshly made and satisfying . the range of home-baked cakes is good , to sit in or take away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small traditional tea shop . very cosy , looks like the living room of a house . wonderful cakes to have with coffee . we had an amazing apple pie . bueniiiisssimo ! y muy traditional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was an amazing find on the royal mile . tired and hungry , this charming place provided good food with fresh fragrant flowers on each table . the rhubarb pie was yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm glad for the visit . i enjoyed the main course : butternut squash and carrot soup with a salmon cucumber sandwich . i also ordered scottish breakfast tea , which they forgot but brought out very quickly . for dessert they have some appeasing varieties ; i had a peppermint chocolate bar . i was not a fan , though , because the peppermint dominated the other flavors and ended up tasting like toothpaste . good place to some as a tourist and get some affordable lunch and high tea .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was just walking along the royal mile when their sign caught my eye , and it occurred to me that i had n't had tea anywhere since i landed in the uk . i went inside , picked a cute little table in the corner and ordered the cream tea ( house tea , a fruit scone with jam & fresh cream ) . the ladies were friendly , the tea was very nice , and the scone was absolutely delicious ! from my table , i could see into the kitchen where the ladies were busy baking , kneading bread , and plating up the gorgeous scones for the table full of sweets along one wall . my highest recommendation , i would certainly stop in again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely little place , feels like having lunch at granny 's . del-i-cious rubarb pie ! cheaper , smaller and better service than elephant house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you do one thing with your foodie experience in edinburgh , please make the trek down the royal mile to clarindas . this place was my favorite out of all the places we ate while my husband and i were visiting . i always ordered the ham and cheese sandwich ( you can get it warm or cold , i 've had it both ways and its great ) with a fruit scone plus clotted cream and jam . i do n't know what they do to the jam there or even what kind it is , but it is heavenly when paired with cream and the best scones i 've ever had . to top it off , it 's a great value for the money . i still dream about the treats and tea at clarinda 's tea room !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a perfectly servicable teahouse whose service , decour and food are largely unremarkable . our table was both dirty and a bit wobbly . the server was perfunctory , if a bit gruff . food was just fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a funny little place - old and dusty a bit . but , the tea is good and it has a lot of character ( s ) . and the price is right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "also clarinda 's teastube ist sehr nice eingerichtet und verspr\u00fcht britishes flair . in dieses cafe kann man sowohl oma , mutter als auch die feste freundin ausf\u00fchren . die getr\u00e4nke sind sehr gut , den cinnamon kaffee kann ich nur empfehlen , aber vom eistee sollte man die finger lassen . der warme apfelkuchen mit v-eis ist f\u00fcr 2,20 unschlagbar . leider schlie\u00dft der laden schon um 5 uhr . bitte unbedingt aufsuchen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in a worn down food court , this place claims to sell 5-star hotel food . i beg to differ : 1 . ox tongue rice - rice was over cooked and not enough sauce on the ox tongue . the ox tongue itself was easy to slice through with a plastic knife but tasted bland . 2 . hainese chicken rice - for the amount of chicken you get , it 's not worth the $ 6 . there was a ladel 's worth of grease on the bottom as well . your meal comes with your choice of soy milk or soup , like standard food court meal combos . the wait is n't long since this food court is n't too popular . the seats are occupied by old asian men playing chinese checkers or other store vendors dining by themselves . i do n't think i would return here , let alone return to this 'mall ' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their hoinan chicken is fairly good here , but my favourite would have to be the baked macau ( portuguese ) chicken rice . we often come here just to buy it to have something for packed lunch the next day . the owner is friendly , and are genuinely proud of their food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars i personally did n't noticed anything that really stands out as something other than chinese cantonese food here . maybe i 'm just not familiar with macanese food and was expecting something that 's really different from chinese food . anyhow , the face of the stall is entirely covered with pictures and menu items , almost like a wallpaper . somewhat funny . somewhat intimidating , even for a chinese person like myself . i do n't really know where to look and what to choose . sometime too much choices may not necessarily be a good thing . luckily i actually was n't super hungry so i could eliminate most of the heavier rice and noodle choices . i opted for a snack like the fried cod fish balls . i like it . they 're cute and about the size of small eggs . nicely fried exterior , not greasy , great filling consisting of cod pieces and potato ( i think ) . hmmm ... i do n't know what else to say . it 's a nice snack and i would get it again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if there was a 10 star rating , carol would receive it ! i have worked with carol for the past several years on multiple transactions and i can honestly say that i have not met a real estate agent in the industry that is more knowledgeable about her trade . her experience and expertise is vast and deep . her knowledge , not just about the home buying selling process , but about homes themselves , including but not limited to home warranties , roofs , pools , plumbing , electrical work , the builder , the demographics of the city , school districts , etc. , etc . goes on and on . each and every time i have the opportunity and that truly is the word `` opportunity '' to work with carol i am fortunate and emerge from the process more educated about real estate and the phoenix metropolitan area than i was before we started .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carol has helped us purchase 2 homes and sell 1 . she 's helped my entire family buy their homes . she 's great at what she does . she 's professional , helpful and informed about many different communities . but most importantly , carol is a great real estate advisor . she 'll really help you through the process of buying and or selling your home which everyone knows can be incredibly stressful . she does what she can to minimize the stress . i would highly recommend carol . she 's a terrific real estate agent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "carol has been our realtor for several transactions . she is knowledgeable , thoughtful and always very professional . she will go above and beyond to make sure the transaction goes smoothly and closes on time . if you are looking for a realtor who has integrity and is a pleasure to work with , give carol a call . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gotten my haircut here for years and tina has always done a great job . she gives you tips and suggestions on what style works with your facial structure . tina 's also dyed and highlighted my hair and always done an amazing job for such an affordable price -- you ca n't find the same price at any other shop for the quality you get . i would n't go to any other stylisy . thanks tina !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for several years . she has n't raised her prices in that time . i pay $ 10.00 for a men 's cut . there is hardly ever a line , and i 'm always satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't be fooled by the neighborhood , this is a great little place . i took a friend to have her hair done and decided to go ahead and get my hair done too . tina has been in business here for 16 years . yuen did my shampoo , and tina did my cut and style . both were excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place looks nice and the staff is nice but the skill level of the nail techs are terrible . i spent over 100 bucks plus tip for a pedicure and solar nails . chris the nail tech did n't put a top coat on my toes and they never dried so the assistant manager fixed my toes and applied a top coat . the tracy who did my nails did n't push back my cuticles and the sides of my nails were lifting as she did my nails . when i mentioned the lifting she said , '' it does n't matter b c you are getting oval nails '' . then my gel coat on my nail has chipped and the nails have slid down . they look like i need a fill in and i just got them done not even a whole 5 days ago . never returning and i wish i could get my money back . people never go there , they are expensive and you do n't get what you pay for at all . but they are nice people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the salon was nice and clean but the `` express '' manicure took over an hour . the lady who was doing my nails kept leaving to get up and do different things . after 10 min under nail dryer i got up to pay and my nail got messed up and she was rude about fixing it . will not come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bought my mother a gift certificate for her first pedicure ever . she ended up with nail fungus , her first ever . this place looks nice but apparently it is not clean . :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent work ! a spa that has many other services . i was able to get an apt easily , as i could 've walked in without an apt as well . they asked if wanted a beverage , coffee , water or tea . very nice . i had acrylics done . they did not offer airbrush . i wanted a french manicure and they delivered ! very impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is rude to not only to her employees but the customers as well . its as if we are inconveniencing her to get out of the massage chair to have her remove her earbuds to actually interact with customers . i 've had appointments at 10:00 am when they open , well the owner was 30 minutes late . she is the only one with keys to open . for the lack of customer service and attitude by 95 % of the employees , this place is way overpriced . i only return to this location for one reason and one reason only cole . cole does amazing shellac mani and pedis . cole always is accommodating with my request , appointments and is pleasant to sit and talk to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely the most rude experience i have ever had the young girl at front desk was so nasty and even rolled her eyes when i asked for a fill appointment ! ! they are never busy and wo n't be open long i 'm sure of it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stopped on today for a pedi . i am 6 months pregnant . cece did my pedicure . she was amazing . she took her time and talked to me about all the products and procedures she was doing . i usually feel rushed at walk in salons . not today . she was wonderful and i recommend anyone to go to her ! thanks cece !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i went in for a new set of `` gel '' nails they told me they could do them . once they were done with my pedi they say me down with a different girl to do my nails . she took out some powder for the `` gel '' . mind you i have been doing my nails for over 7 years and i have never had a powdered substance for gel nails . my last nail girl knew she could n't use acrylic because i 'm very oily and the nails start to reject the powder after a few days and get those air pockets . i did tell the girl that and she said they do n't use the liquid gel only the powdered and that the powdered was gel because it had sparkly stuff in it ? ? ? ? i 'm very unhappy as i paid over $ 170 plus tips to 3 different people as my daughter received services as well . i will never return to this place again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i should 've have read the reviews before i came here today . i figured it looked decent so it had it had to be good , right ? so very wrong . it took them forever to acknowledge me and when i finally sat down , the first thing i noticed when i sat down was the overpowering smell of moldy towels . yuck . the lady who did my nails was nice , she just did n't do the greatest job on my toes . seriously , what she did , i could 've done myself . i wanted a nice foot massage and a proper clipping of my toenails , not just a file . the paint job is crappy too . oh and it cost over $ 37 . save your money and go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took myself and my boyfriends daughter here for a pedi tuesday june 13 , the tech who worked on lilly who is just six was very kind however the woman who took care of my feet was so rude ! i was there to relax and spend time with the little one and the entire time i felt like i was being bossed around for not putting my feet in the correct places . not to mention i had a dress on so it was kind of hard in the first place . not only was the woman rude but incredibly rough on my feet as well to the point that she cut on just slightly . she did not talk to me the entire time . i was hesitant to say something but having the little one with me i did not want to cause a seen . nor did i catch her name but like i said she hardly spoke to me . wo n't be going back to this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife had a great experience at le grand orchids . the staff is excellent and friendly . this was her second trip . first time was pedi and mani . yesterday was just a mani , because her month old pedicure still looks good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new nail salon inside great northern mall . it is humongous compared to le nails ... about the size of the anthony vince salon at crocker . there are two schools of people who get their nails professionally done : those who like sitting in total silence and those who try to create familiarity with the stranger who they are essentially holding hands with for a half hour . i 'm more of the latter , so i was a little disappointed that the girl who did my nails here was not very friendly . however , she did a great job on my nails and i was happy overall with the $ 16 manicure . the inside of this place looks and is decorated like every nouveau riche mcmansion i 've ever seen . they apparently do waxing , body wraps , facials , etc . i do n't think i 'd get any of those services done here , but would definitely return for another express manicure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst experience ever ! first , we called in advance and ask if they could take 5 of us and they said yes . we get there and we all had to wait a really long time . for one of the girls , her manicurist kept leaving for long periods of time . finally , when my manicurist came , she did n't do the best job , it was a little streaky , but not too bad . when i go to pay for my basic manicure , $ 15 , my total came to $ 23 . i was like what is that for ? the lady , very rudely explained that it was because i had selected a different kind of polish . there was no sign for the up charge and my manicurist made no mention of it . i told her i did n't know that , she replied , `` you did n't know but you did n't ask . '' i paid $ 23 for a really crappy , streaky manicure that i had to wait over 30 minutes for . i 've never been so disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had nothing but fantastic experiences at this nail salon ! tracy in particular is amazing ! very efficient , professional , and skilled in her work ! i love relaxing and knowing my nails are getting done right ! great atmosphere overall at this place - great workers and great owner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a very beautiful inside but last saturday i got a full set , that same day , the thumb nail polish chipped and all of them are progressively getting worse . they are too expensive for the service they provided for my nails . i would not recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got a gel manicure & regular pedicure , and was shocked to see my total of almost $ 100 . the salon itself is nice , and the staff is very friendly . however , i do feel that there are comparable salons in the area that are more reasonably priced !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pricy for the quality ! i hate to pay $ 42 ( plus tax ) for a standard pedicure and feel rushed . the decor was nice and people seemed friendly , but definitely overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a great experience at le grand orchids . the staff is excellent ! i came in with sore feet and hands after a very busy couple of weeks . i enjoyed a hot rock massage on both my feet and hands . my nails feel great and cindy made sure all the dead skin was gone . it really was a wonderful experience and i will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be at the top of my list of favorite places to go - until recently ! i was told when i first started going here that i should make an appointment to eliminate the waiting process that occurs when you just walk in ... boy were they wrong . i always show up 10-15 mins early for my appointment and still end up waiting almost an hour over the scheduled time to get seen . since my favorite nail tech has left , i seem to always get technicians who are not friendly or talkative and make me feel rushed since there is always someone with an appointment waiting . the last straw was the fact that i pay $ 48+ $ 10 tip every couple weeks for a fill and gel shellac polish and recently after 3 days that polish literally peeled and fell off . i have a desk job and do not use harsh chemicals or anything of that nature to cause this . unfortunately , i will be taking my business else where from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited this salon on a sunday afternoon with two of my friends for a mani day . the check in process was a bit chaotic . no staff member could give us an estimated wait time . they just asked for our phone number and said they would call us . luckily , we had some other things to do at the mall so it was n't that big of a deal . once they were ready for us one of my friends went to get a pedicure and myself and my other friend were instructed to sit for our manicures . my two other friends were started and i had to sit and watch because a staff member was not available for me . it was kind of annoying not getting our nails done together like we intended . then when my nails got started my friends had to wait for me . the express manicure itself was good and i was happy with it . i just wish my overall experience was better . not sure i would go there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had breast implant removal surgery 2 weeks ago -- -something i have wanted to do for 5 years ! dr. bash recommended i not have a lift -- -that there was `` enough of me '' and that i would be happy with the results . well , she was so right ! i love the results , i am so happy ! the recovery was easier than i thought it would be , and the pain was minimal . dr. bash and her staff are wonderful , i am so very pleased with the way i look ! barb c. -- scottsdale", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my saline implants replaced by dr. bash and could n't be happier ! after many consultations with different plastic surgeons , i knew dr. bash would be my doctor of choice after just a few minutes with her . she took the time to answer all of my questions and made me so comfortable . she really looked at the surgery from a woman 's point of view and helped guide me through my decision on size by asking thoughtful questions . this was something none of the other doctors had done . i did n't feel rushed at all during the appointment or when i had follow-up questions . her staff is another reason that i was made to feel so comfortable . the word `` friendly '' does n't even begin to describe everyone in the office , including dr. bash . i highly recommend her for any plastic surgery or cosmetic procedure you may be considering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. bash did my breast augmentation and i would recommend her to anyone . she made the process easy and was there to hold your hand every step of the way . her bedside manner is amazing too . she is so personable and sweet . she had me try on multiple sizes with a bra and a shirt to make sure i was making the right decision size wise . my recovery was easy , i had absolutely no bruising , and with her directions my pain was managed properly and i ca n't say i had much pain at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the best fish and chips in toronto . maybe even the gta . it looks quite shady but there is a police station across the street so it is really safe . it does get busy but you can phone ahead and place your order which is a really good idea if you do n't want to wait too long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've driven past this place a thousand times and was always meaning to stop , and finally this past sunday we did . i 'm glad i read some reviews while waiting for my order to be prepared . the fish here has amazing batter , and the house made tartar sauce is a must have ! hubby had the haddock and chips and i went with the halibut and chips . the haddock was an amazing value at just over $ 7 for 1 piece with chips . halibut was closer to $ 11 ( it was 10-something ) . it 's totally worth having , just about every one take 's theirs away , and you can call in advance to place your order so you do n't have to wait . does it get better than that ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not as good as reliable but not as expensive either . if you 're craving fish & cops ( they 're across the street ) you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "blink and you 'll miss this dundas and coxwell institution . it defines hole in the wall and it 's understated interior certainly encourages takeout . portions are huge though and british style is one of the best spots in toronto for authentic fish and chips . they offer a variety sea fare , including traditional favorites like cod , haddock and halibut . most meals are priced in the $ 10 range . located at 73 coxwell ave. at dundas st. e .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thought i would try this place since it was friday and did n't want to drive to olde york on laird . oh boy do i wish i did . ordered haddock and chips $ 7.50 . very reasonable price . but the fish was non existent under a 1 inch of greasy mushy no flavour batter . the chips were cutthick not crispy and undercooked . the lot went in the garbage . complete let down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really greasy fish and chips . well okay , the fish was greasy and the chips were decent . methinks a oil change was in order . huge portions however-you can easily get a greasy order of fish and chips for $ 7 . ( haddock )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at first glance this seems like authentic enough fish & chips place . the fish and chips come wrapped in brown paper ( not recycled newsprint ) . i am not sure what kind of oil they use , but i had lard like taste in my mouth for about an hour and half after eating here . the portions are n't bad and the fries are decent but the lard taste is disappointing . pre packed mass produced tartar sauce does n't help things either . i have had better fish and chips in local pubs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "value for money . street parking is available and free . small restaurant only about 2 tables for two n 2 tables for 4 . we ordered 3 different fishes . pollock which is the cheapest , flaky texture , good portion . cod , medium price , good texture , just too much batter . halibut , priee a bit of on high side but still better than other restaurant . small portion . very good portion french fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place looks sketchy , but the fish they are serving up is delish . greasy , yet light and flaky . the chips are pretty good too . i think this place changed owners or something . a few years ago , it was written up everywhere , and they even deep-fried mars bars and had amazing homemade tarter sauce . do n't think they do that anymore , but thankfully the taste of the fish and chips has stayed the same .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "truly fantastic fish & chips . huge portions - biggest we 've ever seen in the city , and for incredibly good prices . chips are incredibly crisp and the fish portions are huge and crisp . not sure why the other reviewers were complaining about greasiness - um , deep fried food that 's greasy ? is n't that the point ? honestly , this place is one of the best parts about living in this 'hood . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ventured in mid week shortly after 6pm . there were a few people eating in and i noticed many came for takeout . so i put my order in . while i was waiting , more people came in for pickup or they would get calls for pickup . eventually , there was 5 other people waiting . i got my order within 15-20 minutes . the pollock was ok for $ 5.99 . it was on special . it was very doughy and lacked flavour . the haddock on the other hand was very good and only $ 1 more . the handcut fries were soft , moist , fresh and delicious . they offered ketchup , tartar sauce , white vinegar , malt vinegar for self serve in packets on the counter . i would definitely order from there again . the halibut was priced at around $ 10.50 so will have to try it next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree that the fish and chips are a little greasy , but that is probably was makes them so tasty . i am note a big seafood lover , but this place is definitely the best fish and chips joint for miles around . a `` must stop '' when you are in the beaches !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i too drive past this location and always wanted to try ... fish batter is a tad too thick . fried if beef oil which is supposed to give it more authentic taste ( i would have to try real fish and chips to really compare ) . price is right . fries soggy but not sure it 's because we had take out and it sogged up in the paper wrap . overall i would have it again , close location ... friendly service ... and price is right . ... oh and lots of msg ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "true , authentic , british style fish & chips ! had the 'haddock & chips ' , sets you back $ 7.75 ( tax included ) . generous portions , could n't finish mine . comes tightly wrapped up in paper , the batter crispy and just the right thickness , and the chips are classic thick cut . delicious , and not overly greasy - just right ! dine in on plates with cutlery , or take home . ketchup , vinegar and salt all complimentary and sitting on the counter . a little gem , well worth the stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . they have the best pub style fish & chips in the east end & the also have pop shoppe soda . one these day i will try the deep fried mars bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was driving from client to client and found this place . my son and i had the haddock and fries . i 'm sure glad we stopped here and not mcd 's . service is fast and friendly , food is excellent . prices are great also . 2 haddock and fries was just under $ 20 . highly rec", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is british style and it is very reasonably priced for such good quality of food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is yummy not too greasy and the price is amazing for the potion you get . best to call in first for take out and always get their house made tarter sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was really good . halibut and chips , shrimps , onion rings , poutine . all really good . a bit greasy and the poutine needed more gravy , but taste was the top fish and chips i 've had and the shrimp were deveined thankfully , so delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pollock & chips , $ 5.99 . haddock & chips , $ 7.05 . poutine , $ 4.85 . haddock fish had some hard parts . fries were authentic and really good . poutine was ok. for the price , it was worth it . old-school , wrapped in paper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small place but it gets busy ! not a lot of seating , would suggest take out . price is good but amount of fish is not enough . however , food tastes great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the best fish and chips i have had in toronto . for the person who commented on the greasy staff and depressing ambiance ... it is a fish and chip shop not a 5 star restaurant . the man who cooks the fish is the man who owns it and he works everyday . the woman who cashes you out also works almost everyday and works hard based on the amount of people who go in and out . it is a take out place so i would rather he save the money on decor and put it into the amazing fish , fries and gravy they make . to the man who commented on the mass produced tartar sauce not helping ... they let you take as many of those packs as you want . this is unlike some places that charge for tartar sauce whether its homemade or not . i for one like that brand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another really great fish and chips shop in toronto . fish is fresh and batter is crispy . the owner delivers friendly service with a smile . i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fish and chips here are the best . as good and look the same as yorke fish and chips on laird drive . if you want to dine in you have to go in the middle of the afternoon . there are only 3 tables . if you make the mistake of going at 6:30pm and think you can dine in like i did , another problem pops up . the owner , a very nice man , prioritizes the orders that have been phoned in . he actually gets panic stricken about it . he will let you sit there until it gets quiet . i waited 45 minutes for my one order . no problem , i 'm retired and the food is really good . during the summer time you can get a takeout and eat in the park just to the east .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the fish and chips here is great . i always go for the halibut ( for the helluvit ) and chips , large portion of both . very tasty and very reasonably priced . the owner is nice . dining at one of the three tables is n't ideal , but call ahead for take away . pro tip : ask for the homemade tartar . lemon wedges also available on request .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bit inconsistent , but when they 're in the zone , the fish is the very best in the city . the fish , not the sides or the service or the ambiance or the ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been going there for 10yrs . or better . great fish and chips . a little hard to got a table but in the good weather theres a park just east of the store where you can relax and enjoy your food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service and great batter on their fish . nice and crispy with a large helping of fries . this tiny hole-in-the-wall has limited seating ( ~10 seats ) . definitely give this place a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's almost a hole in the wall but the food is was fresh and delicious and not greasy ! ! the prices are reasonable . i really liked the halibut fish and chips !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered from there twice . if you like greasy breaded and fried fish it 's quite good and not expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "british style is in my top 3 for fish and chip places in toronto . the batter is very light and crispy . it never hinders the flavour of the fish . you get a nice sized piece of halibut with your meal . the fries are always fresh cut and are cooked to perfection ! they have halibut , haddock , and cod . they also have shrimps and chicken fingers . i always get the halibut and chips and they are top notch . do n't hesitate to try british style you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "haiku : desperately hung need some grease in da hood fuck yeah , british style", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious food ! we had scallops and chips and halibut and chips . both were cooked to perfection and not greasy . coleslaw is awesome too . only downside the gravy is a little salty . it is best to call ahead and order as there are a lot of people waiting for their order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is right in our neighbourhood and a few years back it was a great treat to order from here . tonight was our second bad experience in a row . last time we ordered i am certain we were given cod , not the halibut we ordered . i called and the owner insisted this was not the case . tonight we went there to pick up our order and we did n't realize until we got home , but it was the wrong order . we called and they said just keep the order ( there was more food than we had ordered ) as if they were doing us a favour . they had charged us for this expanded order ! i did n't want $ 40 worth of food . so we walked back and picked up our order . the fries were definitely not fresh . the fish was greasy . and there was no recompense for their error . so we are done with thus place . quality has decreased . clearly the service is suffering . i can find better ways to spend our take-out budget .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast , friendly , and convenient service . they were able to obtain my prescription from my old pharmacy and fill it at theirs without a problem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service ! i went in to get my prescriptions filled and barely had to wait ! they were super friendly and very helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recommend totall wellness to everyone . it 's super clean , the nicest pharmacy i 've ever seen . the staff was very friendly , and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just transferred my prescriptions from walgreens to these guys . i was tired of waiting in long lines and being treated like a number . the pharmacist at total wellness was super friendly and helpful . he explained the transfer process , gave me an accurate estimate of how much time it would take and even made some suggestions about how to manage some of the side effects from my medications that i will definitely try ! i would definitely recommend this pharmacy if you are looking for a more personalized , friendly experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say , this is hands down the best service i have ever received from a pharmacy . i am from out of town , and needed a specialty script filled . because of the nature of my illness , the pharmacist wanted to contact and coordinate the care with my doctor back in chicago . they did n't have to do this and without a blink of an eye were on the phone to make sure i was being treated properly . the staff was super knowledgeable and friendly . i wish i had them as an option back home , as opposed to walgreens or cvs . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an appointment with dr scott and noticed a new pharmacy in the same complex . all i can say is wow ! ! the pharmacy is brand new , nice , and clean . not germy like the average pharmacy . and the gentlemen working there filled my script in about 2 minutes ! ! great guys working in this drugstore . super convenient as they saved me a trip to my usual pharmacy . i was able to see my doctor and fill my prescription all in the same stop . i will definitely be back next month !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sherwood is tucked away on dalhousie st , that hidden street between ryerson 's engineering building , and the dominion . if you walk out the south exit of the rogers communication centre ( not to be confused with the rogers centre ( skydome ) , which is across the city ... ) , and walk straight , you 'll be walking down dalhousie . my experiences with sherwood have only been positive ones . each member of the family that runs this store is very knowledgeable on all avenues of their printing business . they are very helpful when it comes to things like choosing the card stock you want to print on . also , when it comes to simple photocopies , they have the best price i 've been able to find . they blow kinkos and copyrite ( the ryerson campus copy centre ) out of the water . these guys are highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to print a 950 page document . came here based on the convenient location and good reviews . the service here is excellent . it 's nice to support a family-run place and the couple who helped me were really polite and efficient . the whole process was painless . they printed my document and bound it into 2 books , which took ~2 hours . i went and read in a cafe and came back and everything was ready . the quality was solid and they charged 5 cents per page ( $ 15 to bind , but you can negotiate if you are placing a large order ) . i would come back next time i need anything printed . it seems like they keep really busy due to their proximity to ryerson university .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a tuesday at around 10:30am to get 200 pages binded . i specifically took the subway here during my lunch time from work to get the pages binded . there was about 4 students in front of me so i decided to wait . either the service was very slow or the students in front of me took longer than usual . i ended up waiting about 20 min . when it was my turn the person invested about 10 seconds time with me and immediately took my stuff and said `` write down your phone number and come back in 2 hours , we are very busy right now '' . terrible service . as for the price , it was $ 5 to bind ~200 pages which included a plastic cover and back . cash only for transactions less than $ 5.00 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible service . i went to get a card quote today . a lady did n't even pay attention to what i wanted and she did n't take time to explain anything . it seemed like everything was in a rush .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful management . employees mope around like they hate their lives . it 's never busy and that 's an obvious concern . no one likes to support a business that does n't care about their customers or the employees of the establishment . it is absolutely a pathetic place to go for a `` good time '' . there are far better options and never will be back . disrespectful management is unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is , hands down , the best public spot for pinball in the greater phoenix area . machines are pristine , great selection , and its separated from most of the 'family ' games so its laid out right . they run various deals so you can figure out the best way to work it for you . i do n't know about the food or drinks , so take this review for what it is : a thumbs up from a pinball nerd", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here for the selection of pinball machines . one of the largest in the phx area and very well maintained . the selection is so good that there is a pinball league that meets here every week . famous for : large selection of old and modern pinball machines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man best prizes super badass ! ! ! my bro and i went and the games are a bit expensive but damn the prizes are awsome ! ! and me and my hubby wan na come with out daughter really chill atmosphere ! ! ! yall hope you enjoy it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much better this time ! ! after my last review , nancy , addressed all the issues and invited me back . the place was busy , clean , employees were much happier , and most importantly , the games were all working ! maybe the last visit was just on a bad day ? would return again and recommend tilt to others in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for entertainment ! we came for a birthday party last weekend and were impressed by the whole set up we had to come back today and check it out again . there is a daily special going on that you need to check out before you go . today was get a $ 30 player card for $ 20 . this was a good deal , but for 3 kids it 's not a cheap summer activity ! just bear that in mind when heading down there . the $ 30 card lasted each kid around an hour . i would love to come back to try some food or maybe book a birthday party . the place was very clean and all games were working . definitely a fun place to check out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so so soo glad this place is here now ! i have not been to game works since last year and i 'm honestly glad this one took its place . i thought it was too dark and i 'm glad they painted so you can actually see in here . me and my mom came for lunch and to play some games and we 're not disappointed ! we both got giant delicious hot dogs and the best onion rings i 've ever had . we were also able to watch some football while we ate so that was nice too . the bar area is cute and they serve four peaks beer which is a plus . i also really like all the retro games they have upstairs too ! i know the old location here started phasing out all their old stuff . i will probably end up coming back here with my boyfriend or possibly a birthday party : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving this place one star because zero is not an option this has to be the worst family event location . they harassed me and my children and the manager meghann mcbryan was using foul language around my children and then they had the nerve to kick me out for ordering pizza from somewhere else and i only did that because their food options were terrible . i expect to hear from someone at this business because we spent good money here for some woman to insult me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good selection of games . an ulimated pass for one hour was only $ 10 and they allow you to play even ticketed games ( no tickets dispense ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the only places who has the adams family pinball game . the $ 20 for $ 30 card you buy is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ricardo the manager is rude and there google place is misleading . when you google tilt studio tempe google says they close at 11 . we buy two unlimited cards go eat pizza at there facility , then the microphone says they close in 10 minutes ( 10pm ) . i inform ricardo that there google page says they close at 11 and he was just rude . instead of apologizing or saying they will fix it he acts likes its my fault and gives me a attitude and says how i should have went to there website for the correct hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are a seeker of japanese arcade racing games , tilt studio has a decent selection . highlights include initial d arcade stage 6 and wangan midnight 3dx+ . however , the card printer reader units are broken on both machines , making you unable to save game and vehicle progress ( which was a big feature of these games ) . i would be a regular here even if the card printers worked , but didnt have any cards to sell , it whould at least be less stressful from having to start at square one everytime i start these games .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best pinball in the valley . very well maintained . plus beer is reasonably priced , ca n't go wrong 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is decent but very expensive . we got the loaded fries and the sour cream was just a large , hard glob that was difficult to eat . there was nothing light on the whole menu except for unappetizing salads . slow , unreliable wifi . the service was slow and unfriendly , especially because the place was basically deserted . the bathroom was awful too . there was trash all over the floor , in all of the stalls . many stalls had no toilet paper . it smelled disgusting and the toilets would n't flush .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family and i had a blast here ! loved the pinball selection upstairs . even my eight year old got into playing pinball ! the metallica , walking dead , ghostbusters and batman pinball machines were so cool ! i enjoyed the beer selection , do n't think i paid more than seven bucks for any beer . and they were big beers ! they also have holders on the sides of the pinball games where you keep your drinks while you play . i thought the staff was very friendly and they were really cool to us the whole time ! i 'll be talking about my positive experience there on our aimless adventures podcast which is on you tube . good on ya tilt studio ! we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ricardo is the most unprofessional manager i 've ever seen . worst customer experience ever ! when i brought my problem to him he was very rude to me infront of my family . i will be contacting corporate at this point .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible employees . over priced games . they will kick you out if you do n't have a game card ( even if you 're just checking out what games they have ) . i will never recommend this place nor come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst chinese food experiences i 've had . the chicken had a stange consistency to it and the noodles tasted like they had been sitting all day . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i normally give places 2 chances before they are written off . this time , one was all it took . if a year from now they hang a new `` under new ownership '' sign out front , i might give it a second try , but not before then . they are trying to be panda express and they are failing miserably . really really miserably . overpriced for what you get , and what you get is n't good at all . and while i 'm not saying everyone will feel this way , we both felt a bit icky about 20 minutes later . really want some fast asian in the area ? try the panda express down the road .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "should have checked yelp before i stopped in . the food looked edible enough from the outside . i ordered a kung pao chicken from the rude staff . got it home , opened it up , and the smell was off and the chicken did not even look right . i took one bite and had to immediately spit it back into the box , tasted almost rancid . i am sure i would have been sick had i actually consumed any of the food ! ! ! ! panda express across the street seems like high end gourmet compared to this dump ! avoid at all costs ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time . the chow mien noodles were stuck together , the chips they give you with your soup tasted like straight oil , the won ton had no flavor , the broth is like water . i went once and will not return . go to li 's bowl on 35th ave instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i just moved into the neighborhood , not far from this restaurant . the week we moved in , we took his parents to try this place in hopes of it being a new favorite chinese food place . it was a complete waste of money and a total disappointment . the layout is similar to that of panda express , but the food is far from edible . the portions are big , i 'll give them that , but they have to make up for the lack of taste somewhere . we all felt sick after eating there and we 'll never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably the worst chinese i 've had in years . sweet and sour had almost no sauce , and the kung pao chicken tasted like beef stew , not spicy at all . not worth half what i paid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was staying with my family who live in laveen and they kept raving about this place , so i decided to give it a try . now , i 'm a vegetarian , so i did n't try any meat . their veggies were so yummy , but the star of the show was the singapore noodles ! ! ! i 'm searched high and low in my area and there is n't anything like it . they are so flavorful ! ! red dragon will be a must ea h and every time i 'm in laveen ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there last thursday for take out . got 2 of the 2 entree meals . was impressed because the lady serving the food packed the to go tray full ... top and bottom . i was able to get food for my wife and i for under $ 15 which was all i had . loved the food . ate more than i should have ... but was worth it ! i got the sesame chicken and the bbq chicken ! wonderful ! wife got 2 servings of beef and broccoli . for us , its close , its great , and it is budget friendly . i 'm all about getting the most food for the minimal cost , and it has me wondering why i still pay $ 5+ for 1 burrito when you get a few pounds of food for about $ 7 . love the food ! thanks red dragon express ! you 'll see us soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a single man that lives alone , i 'm always looking for good restaurant near me in laveen , az . i use my yelp app to look for locations near me . i came across this place . the majority ads were very negative , but i thought give them a chance . unfortunately i should 've paid attention to the other review . i will not say the food was disgusting , but it was not very good whatsoever . i ordered the house egg for young ( sp ) with an order of fried rice . that egg foo young was soaking with the oil it was prepared with . the rice in the fried rice was burnt . people , i would just say read the reviews first . blessings .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "webster 's defines 'dynamic ' as a process or system that is always changing . well if that 's the case , this place is dynamic as all fuck . our office staff eats lunch here often , so it 's not unusual for me to throw-in my order once or twice a month . here 's the weird part : i always order the same thing , yet i 've had it served up about 31 different ways . these guys are the baskin & robbins of chinese food ! do n't get me wrong - the food is good and tasty , it 's just never the same . if you do n't mind getting forrest gump 'd for lunch , this place is all you because i can pretty much guarantee you never know what you 're gon na get here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! this place has the worst chinese food i have ever had in my life , no exaggeration . when first trying this place it was decent yet still below par , and now its been consistently getting worse . the food lacks flavor and complexity that you would find in asian food . i have tried to give this place numerous tries because it had potential at the beginning , but after the 4th time i give up ! my most recent stop , i found a ton of black specks all over my singapore noodles which most likely resulted from the cook scratching the wok way too hard . these people ca n't cook ! unpleasant , waste of my money and time . this place is not a legit chinese restaurant and so far from it ! ! you are better off getting panda express which is just across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it started from a crave for some chinese food , so i went to `` red dragon '' ( because it reminded me of rush hour ) it was delicious ! i think the hot & sour soup could get better , but overall it was yummy ! but do n't take my word from it , go try it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall , pretty darn good . i was weary of going down the street to try this for the first time , given the hot & cold reviews on here , but i 'm glad i went . food was not too greasy ( as panda express tends to be ) . i had the sesame chicken and black pepper chicken which both were awsome ! noodles were a bit heavy so get the cabbage if you 're trying to eat healthier . i will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was ok but hubby got quart of house fried rice i ask for soy & duck sauce & they gave him 2 of each ? ? ? ? ? he wanted red sauce for his crab ragoons & they gave him about 1 2 a little cup . it was reasonable price but they charge enough to give you some sauce.. chinise take out without sauce is not chinise take out . wo n't be going back i can get all the sauce i want at the one by wal mart .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i normally dislike fast food like this , and was worried that it would be like panda express ... which i dislike . red dragon was actually delectable ! i love their chicken and their noodles . i love this place for a fast easy meal . i recommend trying it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "red dragon express there name says it all they are express , but there food is great ! my favorite are there soups house noodle soup is amazing . i like that they offer a `` panda express '' option and they offer a to go menu where they have soups & fried rice . on my most recent visit i tried there singapore noodles very delicious and different option to a traditional lo mein . i 'm glad there in laveen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried this place yesterday since i was in the area and in the mood for chinese . the girl behind the counter was very nice.. the kung pao chicken looked good but it was just meh when i tasted it , the hot and sour soup was ok but nothing special . this place is not bad but i doubt i will go here again and would not recommend it , like someone else said i should have checked yelp first before following impulse to try something new ,", "score": "2"}
{"review": "two words : not poisonous . some of the worst chinese food my wife & i have ever tasted . we had hot & sour soup , won ton soup , and pork chop suey . all of which were bland and tasteless . the young lady and her daughter who served behind the counter were nice people but to their credit , they were n't doing the cooking . if you need chinese food , find another place . b $", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 'm a picky motherfucker ! and red dragon is the shittttttttt ... . keep up the good work ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to find this place , less than a minute down the street from home ! because i 'm not a big panda express fan , but i love chinese food . sadly , i was disappointed . the orange chicken was very stringy and tasteless . the sweet and sour sauce was runny and mostly sour . the wontons were the only decent thing we ate there . if you want good , cheap chinese avoid this place and try li 's bowl on 35th ave .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "better than expected . did not feel rushed or that the workers were rude . only down is there 's spanish on the tv lol but i did enjoy watching it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this is one of the best chinese astablishment in arizona . i will be eating there until i find something better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was alright . if you need something quick and close it will do in a pinch . agree with others that the lack of sauce is disappointing . egg roll was like any other . nothing too special . the steamed veggies were pretty fresh and crisp so that was a plus .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if mcdonald 's made chinese food it would taste like this . the price is higher than average , which just adds to the disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mmmmm orange chicken ... i like this place ... best chinese in laveen ... although it does n't have much competition so that 's not saying much ... red dragon over li s bowl and panda any day in my opinion ... .price for amount of food you get is great..if you think you get small quantity here them i 'm sorry ... you may be a fat ass . : ) that all being said , it wouldent take much for another chinese resturant to come along and dethrone red dragon ... .because while it isent bad ... .its not amazing either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "please listen to the reviews . this place is terrible , i ordered the chicken with vegetables w a side of fries rice . the chicken is boiled to the point where it 's rubbery and the vegetables definitely came out of a freezer . not only that the rice was dry too . smh laveen , we can do better than this !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered through eat24 and the food was ready when i got there , no waiting . the fried rice was the best ! the sesame chicken was a little dry but still yummy . very nice employees . will definitely return : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rice noodles is good ! its not dry ! orange chicken also great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! i have being going there since they opened . i love everthing on the menu . i am on the hcg diet and i go in everyday and buy the barbecue chicken and the fresh veggies . it has helped with my diet . i do n't have to cook and it works . i love the taste of the bq chicken , it 's grilled fresh and the veggies are always so fresh . when i am on my normal eating pattern , i call in special orders , for example wonton soup with out salt . the house fried rice is so good , they put big shrimp into the mix . oh , my nephews just loves the orange chicken . but do n't let me forget to tell you about the staff . the cooks are so friendly and get right on your special order . and the cashiers are very nice and helpful . i recommond the red dragon express to anyone . i do n't like panda express because their food just doese n't taste right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its ok , nothing special better than some other mom and pop places to eat . i would like to see more variety of food . i think panda express is a better quality , however if you want quick , nearby 51st ave location , then i would prefer this based soley on location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a family favorite ! panda express is not even close . huge portion sizes . orange chicken , sesame chicken , beef broccoli all are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a full day of running errands with my family in the scolding arizona heat , we all were very hungry , did n't know what to eat but since we were in the area and passed by this restaurant a few times prior , we all wanted to see what red dragon express had to offer . shortly after arriving home , it was time to relax , turn on the television and chow down , right ? ! that would be the last time we would ever step foot there ! ! ! just recently moving from the bay area , anyone who knows anything about san francisco knows that the chinese food up there is bomb diggity ! ! this was one of the worse and lasts time that we will eat chinese food from red dragon express . my order was completely wrong , egg rolls were hard and stale , family barely ate their food , unappetizing , gross ! ! ! we ended up ordering take out from chipotle that evening . do n't say that i did n't warn you ... eat at your own risk !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love their rice , it 's one of the best one i have tried . there prices are good too you get a lot of food for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time ordering online with yelp red dragon had the order correct and on time . the food was great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is barely a step above panda express . actually , it 's worse i think . unless you order something special the food is prepared ahead of time and sitting on a steam table . will not be going back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fast , average , cheap , but somewhat bland food . portion sizes are generous , but the food has very little taste . this area of town has little in the way of choices for chinese food , so it is better than nothing . but as other reviewers have mentioned , it is only slightly better than panda express .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff in this place are very rude and make you feel rushed ! the food is not that great and they give you waay to much food on your plate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i kept passing this place up , but finally decided to stop by . i 'm so glad i did . the food was amazing ! ! ! i ordered it here on yelp , and within 15 mins the food was ready . the service is great , the proportions were huge , and the price ca n't be beat . i would have taken a pic of all the food we bought , but could n't wait to dig in . i 'll definitely be stopping by again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is some of the best chinese food i have had in a long time i would recommend this place to anyone very large portions for a very reasonable price i had the kung pao shrimp at it was awesome also great customer service very polite personally loved it and the food does n't take 30min like some places", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be really good now it 's overpriced and tastes very mediocre there 's nothing that you ca n't get for cheaper that is a whole lot better right up the street i would suggest not going here unless you have a fat wallet and like a lot of breaded things i will never go here again . $ 30 for a lot of breaded chicken and porkin 2 egg rolls not cool good luck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr nowak was so outrageously rude and unprofessional i would never reccommend anyone to this office !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay far away from this place . this practice is only concerned about money . read the bad reviews ... they are spot on ! they cant seem to keep the good dr 's and their replacements seem to have the attitude and demeanor like you are somehow inconveniencing them in some way . do yourself and and your loved ones a favor and look elsewhere ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful office , friendly staff and fantastic doctor - dr. novak . performs the most thorough annual skin cancer screenings i 've ever experienced . will be back every year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. fernandez was thorough , informative and polite . summer brought me back to the examination room and explained what to expect . i was weary of the office due to the negative reviews , but i was impressed with the service provided . i am a health care professional myself , so i see things others might not in regards to how an office runs , and this office runs well . i can fully recommend this clinic . thank dr. fernandez and staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this little dry cleaning place and the man who runs it ! 2 days before christmas i found out i was having company stay the night at my house and i discovered my cat had been using my spare room as her own . i called mega dry cleaners to see when they could have a down feather comforter cleaned . he said `` oh i can get this to you by tomorrow ! '' he saved the day . i dropped it off that night and picked it up the next day , nice , clean , and cat hair free ! my husband takes all his work clothes here and i take all my nice dresses here as well . i do n't have one bad thing to say about this place . we will continue using them as long as we live close by . great customer service , timing , friendly staff , and clean establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in today to get alterations a small hem , for khaki pants they wanted $ 10 , vikings cleaners charges 8.50 if you can put up with their rude staff .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for more than a year . prices are fair and the service and cleanliness of my clothes have been solid . i really could n't ask for a better location , price and experience . the staff is exceptionally friendly and very experienced . overall i am very happy and willing to return everytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they get 5 starts for really caring about their customers and not pushing them to buy something . they will ask more questions about you , your house and your profession before suggesting a suitable item . unlike other touristy feng shui place , their store is very authentic and warm . i adore the couple and their dedication , patience and insight when i visit . they really want you to do well . you must stop by their store to know . good luck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best feng shui consultation one can get in las vegas . master deng is very accurate and knowledgable . anyone who needs help in feng shui advice must come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "katrina and blake did an outstanding job on our wedding photography . we could not have asked for a better pair to work with . our guests loved them and we received a number of comments on how great they were . our photos turned out beautifully and were worth every penny . katrina was always so prompt in correspondence and able to provide assistance immediately . you will not be disappointed if you choose katrina and blake for your photographers . they were awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are n't enough kind things to say about katrina and blake . they were such a pleasure to work with throughout the whole process ; from the first meeting to the wedding day and days after ! my photos were more than i could have dreamed of ! my husband and i are awkward and do n't take many photos together , but the way katrina and blake had such a casual and fun way of directing us , it helped translate on camera ! i will be recommending them to everyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "katrina and blake are an amazing team of photographers to work with . their organization before our wedding made us feel relaxed about pictures the day of our wedding . they sent out a detailed timeline of all the photos to be taken and who was in each photo . katrina always emailed us back promptly answering any of our questions in detail . the day of the wedding they were very organized , professional , fun , and creative . when things went wrong like the bride 's dress not fitting or pouring rain as were suppose to take photos katrina and blake stepped in and made everything go smoothly . they had all our photos back to us in two weeks ! our photos are amazing and more than we could have asked for ! we would highly recommend the amburgeys for capturing your special day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a large russian deli with a large variety of meat , prepared food and cheese as well as local russian foods . i find the fruits and vegetables pathetic looking and the staff rude but this is the only place close to home that has some of the staples that i like so i will go there occasionally .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you must shop here make sure you check the expiry date and if you get anything from the deli counter make sure you check inside the bag . had some rotten cheese sold to me as well as 1 2 batch fresh smoked meat and the other 1 2 stale . i used to be a fan of this place but not anymore . i 'll travel the extra distance to go to dufferin and major mac for some european deli at yummy market .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed about this store once again on the new years eve . employee supervisors are rude , and the lady in charge taught an employee to do the same , speaking to her in other language than english right in front of me . the precooked food is terrible , neither myself nor my guests could eat it . i am not pleased that in our community such a store that make no use for myself anymore , exists . i would not recommend it to any of my friends . some of them have already had a taste of it 's food . i have fortunately found two other stores , close , with same food . both stores are on yonge , one is south of elgin mills , next to winners and the other is south of mckenzie , next to laser quest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place beats yummy market hands down ! i have visited a number of european delis in ottawa and while in toronto recently i decided to visit this place that i had seen over the years while driving by . there was no problem parking here and once inside i shrieked with delight - all the good european stuff i remember from the old country minus the crowds ! she has a good selection of pre-made stuff if you want the take home eats , as well as a good sized deli counter . there are lots of products in the shop as well as all the requisite smoked fish , pickles ( best i 've had in years ! ! ) and sauerkraut , as well as pastries and more . i ca n't wait to get back to this store and stock up on yummies , and next time i will be in toronto i will go there again to fill a cooler of stuff to bring back home to ottawa with me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stefanie 's village may not be yummy market http : www.yelp.ca biz yummy-market-north-york but if you are in the richmond hill area and looking for some russian grocery , this is the place to go ! ! the selections are plentiful and everything looks organized and clean . parking lot never really get busy as there are not much at this strip mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to sit , have some appetizers and some drinks - after having an afternoon of bad service . this place was interesting and we decided to give it a try . pleasant surprise . they are new to liberty village ( opened just two months ago ) and have a rooftop patio with an astonishing view , where you can have pizza , wine , drinks and antipasti . we had some great cheese and antipasti , white wine watching the sunset , and were served by a very friendly waiter - being new at the restaurant , he did n't hesitate to find out about what he did n't knew yet , was very helpful and payed attention to every detail . really liked the service there ! i strongly recommend this place and i 'd like to go back there for a proper italian dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and device . lovely dinner with my wife before a jazz event in the area . would definitely go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the main feature at lunchtime is the tavola calda - hot table - with a choice of 3 items ( out of about seven ) for ten bucks . pretty good deal , but best to come early . we did , and i quite enjoyed the ricotta-filled pasta shells and cannelini beans . the veal marsala was a bit tough , but then , at this price point , that 's not a huge surprise . portions are not huge , which is probably a good thing because if i 'd had any more heavy food , i would have napped through the afternoon . espresso at the end was excellent . service was very friendly . a couple of updates on previous reviews . the ( outrageous ) sale-tax problem appears to have been fixed . and there is table service , though you do have to line up to make your hot table choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no longer in business . bummer . used to really like the tavola calda , any 3 items from their 8 or so regular hot dishes at lunch time . called to make a reservation for dinner yesterday - only to get the voicemail system telling me they 've closed their doors . sad . r.i.p. , cinquecento trattoria - you will be missed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to cinquecento trattoria for supper tonight after spending the afternoon at the indy . we 've been wanting to go there for a while . they just celebrated their first anniversary in liberty village . we sat on the upper patio and had a great view of liberty village and downtown . we both order the cacciatore pizza ... sausage , mozzarella , red onions , gorgonzola and red peppers . i had mine without the red onions and gorgonzola . the pizzas were big and delicious ... we both took half home . valentina was our server and she took good care of us . we 're glad we finally checked it out and we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "carl juniors atlantic cod low-carb and tacos are fabulous . stop in if you get a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself a favor and do not come to this carl 's jr. after waiting a full 15 minutes for my order i get home only to realize that they did not give me my fries they added tomato when i requested no tomato and the meat is cold . oh and my little sister would like for me to add that they did n't give cherries in our milkshakes ! i ca n't believe i skipped on in and out to come get some carl 's jr .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have a love hate relationship with carl 's jr . i have a love hate realtionship with carl 's jr. let 's face it carl 's jr is on the way to everywhere you go , so that makes carl 's jr very convenient and the prices are reasonable . today i thought i would try the chorizo , egg , and cheese buritto . the chorizo , egg & cheese burrito has spicy chorizo , scrambled eggs , shredded jack and cheddar cheeses , fried hash round nuggets , and pico de gallo salsa . the ingredients are proportioned well , and the burrito was tasty , especially for a fast food burger joint . overall , i think the chorizo , egg & cheese burrito was good . oh yeah.. the chorizo , egg , and cheese burrito only cost $ 3.49 but you can make it a combo meal with hash rounds and choice of drink for $ 4.99 . you might want to swing by carl 's and give it a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "okay , okay ... i know it 's a fast food joint . i know it 's a chain . however , let me tell you , the ladies who work there are amazing . their customer service is top notch . the store is always exceedingly clean . the food ... well , it 's carls ' jr . it 's the same food you 'll get at any carl 's jr . but , the staff at this one makes it truly a pleasure ! i was very pleasantly surprised . good job girls ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you have n't downloaded their mobile app , do it now . i got a free big chicken fillet sandwich . it was the first time i had tried their chicken sandwich . i also ordered fries and went through the drive thru . i ate the fries right away . they were just warm , so not all that great . i ate the chicken sandwich when i got home . it was still warm , so i 'm assuming hot when i first got it . the chicken fillet sandwich was one of the best i 've had from a fast food restaurant . i took off the top part of the bun , because it was way to much bread for me . fresh lettuce and tomato was on it , with a very small amount of mayo . just how i like it . i would have given a 5 if it was n't for the fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolute slowest food service ive ever visited . they 're consistently slow to a point of just plain silly", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this used to be one of my family 's favorite stops . food was good , place was clean , and employees always nice and great service . apparently it has been sold and the changes have n't been positive . firstly , the salsa bar was taken out . the restaurant is n't as clean and the bathroom was gross . portions are cheap , the chicken nachos are one third the size they used to be and not very tasty . whoever purchased it did n't do it any favors . it has been crossed off my list . i 'd rather go another mile to in and out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far my favorite carls jr ! i come in every once in a while to get my usual teryaki turkey burger with fries and a drink and service is always amazing . even when i had to wait 10 minutes once i was apologized to and one of the ladies gave my little brother 2 free cookies and 2 hostess ice cream sandwiches for free . i didnt even complain about waiting . the lady with the long braided hair is always so friendly ! staff keeps good conversation and the restraunt is always clean . i live 12 minutes away from this location and i make the drive out just for the service ! definitly reccommend : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , dependable food . i just love their fish tacos & jalape\u00f1o peppers . these are so yummy . the people here are super nice & friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is 1 of the only carl 's jr where your food will always come too hot ! great service in the burgers are always hot and good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly i love carl 's jr and prefer it over any other fast food burger joint . they 're always coming out with new burgers and have great deals and coupons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "# 3 is the bomb . western burger combo with crosscut fries . if it has to be fast food this is on the list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there with the family . great service with even greater food . i will come back to this location and strongly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , the service is terrible -- and i 'll just get that out there right away . however , about a week ago my husband and i went there somewhat late and what we experienced was far worse than any `` bad service '' that i had experienced at this restaurant prior . we waited in the drive thru for the guy to come on the intercom and take our order -- he never did . my husband started yelling for the guy and he comes on and says `` no service for twenty minutes thank you '' and nothing else . i refuse to go there already because it takes forever to get your food there and they do not care if they mess up . now , even my husband refuses to go there because it is somewhat out of our way and now , we ca n't tell if we 're going to get service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on friday , i had a desire for a juicy hamburger , what happen carl 's are you more worried about how quickly you can throw me out the door . in the past i have never had a bad burger from this carls . normally they are made fresh to order , but you could tell the burger was not fresh this time it was dry and rubbery , i did find out the lady manager that was there for many years was gone . i will tell you carl i would rather wait , for a fresh cook burger , rather then a steam table slap together one . i will have to think twice on coming back again . this experience puts you back with all the other burger chain resturants .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had lunch there today . this location has been one of my favorite lunch destinations . however , they seem to be under new management and the service has really suffered . today they refused to honor valid coupons that they were honoring just last week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has steadily gone downhill . tonight was the last straw . we were the only people in the restaurant , it still took over 10 minutes to get our food . the fries were stale , the chicken tenders were dry and stale , the burrito had no re-fried beans , and they did n't put on the onion i requested . the help was indifferent . i demanded a full refund , sixteen dollars for cold lousy food and poor service . will not go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , the drive thru girl was either brand new or just confused as hell . read my order back completely incorrectly . then finally musters up that what i ordered was out . ok , i pick something else . i get my order and see that i have regular fries when i asked for seasoned . i mention this to the girl and she says `` seasoned ? are n't they the same ? '' i tell her no , the criss cut fries are seasoned . `` oh '' she says . someone overhears and tells me i 'll have to wait for them to be fried . i say nevermind and leave . when i get home the onion rings in everyone 's burgers are hard as rocks . i mean , just completely unprepared . old onion rings , out of stuff , incompetent staff . sigh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've had my last 2 windshields replaced by paul @ apex auto glass ! he is the best ! my rear view mirror fell off due to the heat this week and he took care of me next day ! great service ! do n't go anywhere else when you need auto glass !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "paul came out and took great care of me . i would recommend him to anyone and i will use him again when i need glass repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need anything auto glass related , this is the group to go to . i have worked with both paul and jason a couple of times to replace my windshield and each time , they have been so helpful and thorough and have been flexible with scheduling . do n't look any further for auto glass places , because these guys are the truth ! thank you for all of your help and i will definitely call them again if need be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you are not going to get better service than you 'll get from these guys . they have so much knowledge , they are very friendly and are extremely concerned about your satisfaction . they have installed many windshields for me and the results have always been perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! ! i requested a particular windshield and he came through when many others could not . i would recommend apex auto glass to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy with the service i was provided ! i called right before they closed and was spoken to in such a professional , unrushed manner . they said they could fixed my windshield the next day , first thing in the morning . once they arrived it took them less than an hour to fix . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr tandy is a wonderful doctor . she is kind and patient . i did not feel any pain or discomfort . i would recommend this office to anyone . tami her assistant is fantastic also . i felt well cared for there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr tandy for 1 1 2 years now when i first went to dr tandy i was very upset because of other periodontists that wanted to do bone grafting and extensive surgery . dr tandy was able to provide me with an alternative solution . i just had a check up and my gums have greatly improved dr tandy is so competent and caring . she really cares about her patients and does everything she can to make you feel comfortable . the office staff is also excellent . they are friendly and caring . i 'm actually planning to have dr tandy do an implant for me . she is really the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super great lady ! i was away from home visiting arizona and had a periodontal problem -- a big one ! dr. tandy got me right in and treated this abscess with a laser . it felt 100 % better the next day . i got home and my regular periodontist called dr. tandy and they talked about my treatment so my regular doc was n't in the dark . really good follow-up . i ca n't say enough good things about dr. tandy and her practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ce fast-food tient bien son nom , c'est une petite cabane en hauteur sur la rue saint-denis pr\u00e8s de berri ! j'y suis all\u00e9e avec quelques amis un vendredi soir et le restaurant \u00e9tait vide . le cuisinier \u00e9tait seul dans le restaurant , on a donc \u00e9t\u00e9 servi rapidement . c'etait pas mal et assez copieux . les prix sont abordables . si tu veux pass\u00e9 un petit moment agr\u00e9able sans trop d\u00e9penser , je te recommande cette place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally found this place on yelp . i went to montreal last summer and for the life of me , i could n't remember the name of this place . my friend and i wanted a quick bite to eat when we were in latin quarters and we just happened to walk in here . the hotdogs look delicious here , but we had our eyes set on poutine ! this was the jackpot for all the poutine places in montreal . we opted for the sausage poutine and i immediately fell in love with it . the sausage reminds me of taiwanese sausages but bigger , juicier and packed with more flavors . i will be back if i choose to come back to montreal . the owner was super nice too , he knew we were tourist and gave us plenty of recommendations on where to go around the city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hog dogs in montreal ! the sausage is so juicy and the poutine is loaded with gravy . the decor is modern and cool . must try the signature cabane hot dog with maple syrup . every time i go there the staff is friendly and the service is awesome . late hours in the summer time make this place quite convenient for evening snacks after drinking at the surrounding bars in the neighborhood . please try it when your craving a good hot dog ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was very friendly and explained to me every single option in their menu . i had the cabane dog with onion rings and it was delicious . place is cozy and very clean ( although the day i went felt pretty hot inside ) . from the outside it did n't look very attractive and it is a bit hidden . i was biking in the area with a friend and she was the one who spotted the place and suggested that we should try it . i is certainly a place i would stop by if i was in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "magnifique ! me suis fait plaisir hier soir \u00e0 2h ... g\u00e9nial de la nourriture de qualit\u00e9 tard en soir\u00e9e \u00e0 petit prix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a tad over priced in my opinion , and service was n't exactly the most professional at the counter . hot dog was definitely tasty , but make sure to tell them if you do n't like you 're poutine drowned in sauce .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "deliciousness . this place has been all i 've been dreaming of . the place with so many choices of hot dogs and poutines that are so wonderful and tasty ! a small place where you can fill your stomach with delicious , greasy food and not care after , because it was so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took the guy at least 20 minutes to make the order before us - 2 hot dogs . when i asked if the chili had beans , he said he did n't know & showed me the container to look for myself . when a customer walked in 15 minutes before closing , he told them he was n't taking any more orders . horrible service !", "score": "2"}
